2025
ANNUAL REPORT
CONTENTS
PAGE

2      Financial Highlights

3      Chairman’s Letter

7      Management Discussion and Analysis

9      Directors and Senior Management

14     Directors’ Report

25     Corporate Governance Report

44     Environmental, Social and Governance Report

105    Independent Auditor’s Report

110    Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

111    Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

112    Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

114    Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

115    Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

117    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

195    Financial Summary

196    Corporate Information
Financial Highlights

FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS
Percentage of increase in equity** per share                                                                          10%

Equity                                                                                                    HK$2,922 million

Equity per share                                                                                                  HK$2.35

Group revenue                                                                                            HK$13,843 million

Profit attributable to owners of the Company                                                                HK$453 million

Final dividend per share                                                                                      HK7.0 cents

Special dividend per share                                                                                    HK6.0 cents

**   equity refers to equity attributable to owners of the Company


FINAL AND SPECIAL DIVIDENDS
The board of directors (the “Board”) of the Company recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK7.0 cents
(2024: HK7.5 cents) per ordinary share and a special dividend of HK6.0 cents (2024: HK6.0 cents) per ordinary share for the
year ended 31 December 2025.




2        Build King Holdings Limited
                                                                                               Chairman’s Letter

The gain in shareholders’ equity of Build King Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”)
during 2025 was HK$259 million whilst the equity per share increased by 10% to HK$2.35. Since the listing of the Group in
2004, our cumulative gain in equity has increased thirty fold which, taking into account the dividends paid over the years as
well as the new capital raised in 2010, is equivalent to a compound annual growth of 19%.

Our turnover in 2025 was HK$13.8 billion, a decrease of 4% compared with 2024; this was due to the fierce competition and
adverse operating environment. Our profit increased marginally from last year’s HK$429 million to this year’s HK$450 million.
Considering the industry climate we are facing, I would say that we are actually doing quite well, compared with most players in
this industry.

Since my last report, we have been awarded a total of only HK$10.3 billion of new works reflecting the tough conditions we
face. At the time of writing this report, our outstanding order book stands at HK$30.8 billion. This means we have only slightly
over two years of workload. With some of our major projects nearing completion in the coming year there is an urgent and
pressing need for us to win new projects to keep our loyal and dedicated staff fully deployed. A bit of good news is that the
HKSAR Government announced an increase in spending on infrastructure from HK$120 billion to HK$150 billion per annum in
2026. Also, with the property market in Hong Kong gradually stabilising, we are beginning to see some developers starting to
tender for land again. These two factors will hopefully mean there will be more opportunities to tender during the coming year.
However, we are still operating in an extremely competitive market but we will do our utmost to win our share.

The reason for the drop in the Group turnover is that several of the new contracts we have been awarded have been seriously
delayed with construction work unable to commence due to land resumption issues on the Clients side. In addition, the price
fluctuation index (PFI) for Government projects dropped some 1 to 3% during 2025, impacting not only profit but also our
turnover.

Last year I wrote that our result in 2025 would be ‘safe’ but sadly I do not have the same confidence for our performance
in 2026. Most of our current contracts were won at a very competitive prices with very tight margins and it will be extremely
difficult for us to maintain a net 3% profit. Given that most of our current projects were tendered at 4% to 5% gross margin (i.e.
before overhead and tax), we have to outperform our tender assumptions by 4% or more to maintain our bottom-line. This is
not expected to be possible. In the longer term, we will look elsewhere for new sources of income to which I will come to later.

BUSINESS ANALYSIS
A)   Construction
     The core business of our Group is construction, which this year represents close to 98% of our turnover. All our
     construction activities at present are carried out in Hong Kong.

     1)    Civil Engineering
           This year, the turnover of our Civil Engineering Division was HK$8.0 billion, an increase of 3% compared with that of
           2024. This division contributed HK$508 million in gross profit in the year. We currently have 40 active Civil projects
           on hand, including 21 in joint venture (“JV”) with other contractors. At present, most of our active projects are
           progressing well, with only a few facing difficulties and losses. We are trying our best to contain these losses and
           get the projects completed as soon as possible.

           On tendering this year, we were awarded a total of only HK$2.2 billion of new civil projects; this was disappointing
           and is much less than the amount of work completed during the same period. In 2026, we are hopeful there will be
           opportunities to tender for more projects than previously and we hope to have reasonable success but rest assured
           we will do our very best to secure our share.

           Given the tenders we have currently on hand and those we expect during the year ahead, I am hopeful that we will
           be successful and able to maintain or even better our current civil engineering turnover in 2026.



                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025           3
Chairman’s Letter

BUSINESS ANALYSIS (Continued)
A)   Construction (Continued)
     2)     Building
             The turnover of our Building Division this year was HK$5.1 billion, a decrease of 15% when compared with that
             of 2024. This division contributed HK$305 million of gross profit in this year. Our Building Division has improved
             significantly over the last few years. During the year I am very pleased to report that we were commended by most
             of our public and private clients on our performance on both quality and progress. Currently we have 15 active
             building projects on hand, including 2 in JV with other Contractors. Since my last report, we have been awarded a
             total of HK$7.4 billion of new building projects.

             At this juncture, there is still a gap between us and the top tier building contractors but I feel confident that the gap
             is getting narrower year by year. This is certainly good news for the Group.

     3)     Specialist Subsidiaries
             Our four special subsidiaries registered a total turnover of HK$1,374 million, and netting a gross profit of HK$186
             million in 2025.

             Again our foundation and earthwork specialist (Titan Foundation Limited) was the star performer, followed by our
             interior fit-out company Build King Interior & Construction Limited (“BKIC”) who made a small profit. Even our
             Electrical & Mechanical Division, Integral E&M Engineering Limited and Integral E&M Contracting Limited (“E&M
             Division”) is showing signs of improvement and I am hopeful that in two years’ time or so, both BKIC & E&M Division
             may become small but meaningful profit centres for Build King.

     4)     Increase of our operation efficiency
             I now come back to the one important measure that we intend to implement in next two to three years.

             As we are all know AI has been developing worldwide extremely rapidly and we see breakthroughs on an almost
             daily basis. In view of the amount of paperwork we have to handle in our industry every day and the ever increasing
             restrictions on procedures and approvals that contractors need to obtain prior to any physical work commencing,
             it is essential that we are able deal with this administration work more efficiently. We see this being achieved by the
             increased use of IT systems and AI. As mentioned in my last report, the Development Bureau is pushing to create
             a Central Data Environment (“CDE”). This is essentially an integrated system allowing knowledge to be shared by
             everyone involved simultaneously. The aim is to make faster decisions based on more accurate information and thus
             in the long term reduce operating costs and overheads.

             To this end, actually we had been working on this for the last 2 years, directly under the supervision of one of our
             Operating Directors. We have decided to introduce full-fledged adoption of CDE on new contracts and in two years’
             time, all of our projects will have to adopt the new system.

             However, we are aware that this will be a very long process and we will have to face the reality that the initial costs
             will be high. However ultimately there will be overall savings however I predict that it will take 3 to 5 years for these
             to be significant. We will closely monitor the progress and I will report to you in next report.




4         Build King Holdings Limited
                                                                                                 Chairman’s Letter

BUSINESS ANALYSIS (Continued)
B)   Environmental Infrastructure Projects in China
     1)    Steam Supply to factories in the Industrial Park (mainly in Gansu province)
           This year we supplied on average 115 Ton/hr, an increase of 28% over that supplied in 2024. However this was
           still 10 Ton/hr less than our forecast at the beginning of the year. We registered a loss of HK$9 million for 2025,
           although we obtained a positive cashflow of HK$52 million.

           With current user demand expected to increase next year and with new plant under construction, we expect usage
           to go up meaningfully in 2026 and our target is to achieve a supply level of 165 Ton/hr. This increase is expected to
           result in a profit of HK$11 million per annum or more together with a positive net cashflow of up to HK$84 million. I
           hope I can report this good news to you this time next year.

     2)    Wuxi Sewage Treatment Plant
           Our operation in Wuxi is progressing normally and we have by now received all the cash for the transfer of our share
           in the Wuxi Plant.

           As mentioned in my last report, we now own just 20% of the plant, whilst still providing operating service to the old
           plant as well as to the newly built Phase 2 plant. All in all, in 2025 this area we registered a profit of HK$6 million.

C)   Investment in Securities and other activities
     1)    There was no major change in our stock or bond portfolio, as a result this is very little gain/loss in the area.

     2)    There is good news on our investment of HK$400 million in the Road King project in Shenzhen where construction
           has finally commenced on site. It is expected that Road King will be in a position to start selling the units in the third
           quarter of 2026. By that time we hope the property market will have stabilized somewhat and we can sell at a fair
           price.

OUTLOOK
Looking ahead, the outlook is slightly more positive but we still expect difficult market conditions in Hong Kong for another 2 to
3 years.

I am less confident that we will be able to maintain our profitability as previous years. In order to avoid this, our success in
winning tenders would have to be much higher than in the past and the final accounts on completed projects would have to
be settled well above our current forecast figures. We are therefore taking a realistic view and are planning to take steps to find
new profit centres as follows:

1)   Adopt more use of IT and AI. As I explained above if we can eventually find a better way to carry out our current tasks,
     we should be able in the longer term to reduce our headcount on site and in head office. We will seek not only to be
     more efficient in our operation on site but also in the office in areas of accounting, HR systems, commercial management,
     reporting and even on the use of paper via AI or IT means. By careful control such savings should be greater than the
     money invested in software and setting up new systems. If in the end Build King can be even a few percent more efficient
     than our competitors, we should have an edge over others in winning new projects. However we must also be mentally
     alert that we may not end up as successful as we hope, and that efficiencies we achieve maybe diluted by the extra costs
     involved. However I am determined that we insist on trying to do the right thing and eventually achieve what we set out to
     do.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025            5
Chairman’s Letter

OUTLOOK (Continued)
2)   In China we will continue to improve and increase our environmental infrastructure projects in China to give us a larger,
     steady and healthy annual income. My long term profit target is HK$80 + million each year. I hope we can achieve this
     target in 3 to 5 years’ time.

3)   We will seek more specialist activities in which to establish ourselves in areas where the work nature is related to our
     main business. This would be similar to the way our current specialist subsidiaries operate. We will look for specific areas
     where margins will be higher than in general contracting.

4)   We will explore construction markets outside Hong Kong. Initially we will look at both Singapore as well as the Middle
     East. In these places there are few strong local players with most of the competitors coming from elsewhere.

Certainly the above initiatives won’t give us any immediate improved results. But given time, we are reasonably confident that
some of the above will bear fruit and result in extra profit; with care I believe we are on the right path to adding increased value
to the Group.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Communication with Shareholders
I have been candid with you in my reporting, and I will emphasize the pluses as well as minuses that are important in appraising
the Group. My guideline is to tell you the business facts that I would want to know if our positions were reversed; I owe you
nothing less. There may be some queries or issues you want to raise and so I strongly encourage shareholders to attend the
annual general meeting of the Company to be held on 22 May 2026. This is the occasion where the management and owners
of the company can discuss the business face to face.

DIVIDEND POLICY
I am pleased to advise that based on the earning of HK$0.365 per share, as per last year, we will distribute 30% of our profit to
shareholders, i.e. HK$0.11/share; after deducting the HK$0.04/share we paid out in the interim, this will leave HK$0.07/share
to be distributed as final dividend. We understand the financial conditions are very tough at present and most shareholders
need extra cash to weather the long cold winter ahead. Due to our current strong balance sheet, this year the Board again
decided to distribute a special dividend of HK$0.06/share. This is a very rare event, and I am pretty sure Build King will be
unlikely to be able to do the same over the next 2-3 years; we won’t have such luxury to do so. In addition, we need to reserve
more cash to be safe and face the challenges and opportunities in future.

APPRECIATION
Finally, I would like to take this opportunity to again express my hearty gratitude to our shareholders, clients, business partners,
directors and not least, to our staff for their hard work and loyalty.




Zen Wei Peu, Derek
Chairman

Hong Kong, 26 March 2026




6      Build King Holdings Limited
                                                      Management Discussion and Analysis

OVERALL RESULTS
The Group is principally engaged in building construction and civil engineering works in Hong Kong. In addition to its core
construction activities, the Group also generates revenue from environmental infrastructure projects in Mainland China. For the
year ended 31 December 2025, the Group’s revenue amounted to HK$13.8 billion, representing a decrease of 4% compared
with last year (2024: HK$14.4 billion).

The Group recorded a gross profit of HK$1 billion for the year ended 31 December 2025, compared with HK$1.2 billion in
2024. The gross profit margin was 7.5%, versus 8.0% a year ago. The decrease in gross profit was primarily because certain
newly awarded projects were still at early stages of construction and had not yet made significant contributions.

Profit attributable to the shareholders for the year ended 31 December 2025 amounted to HK$453 million, compared to
HK$434 million in 2024. The increase was mainly due to reductions in administrative expenses, other expenses and the share
of loss from joint venture.

The Group’s taxation charge for the year was HK$73 million (2024: HK$68 million).

OPERATIONAL REVIEW
Hong Kong
The Group provides a full spectrum of construction services in Hong Kong, including building construction, civil engineering,
foundation, electrical and mechanical, interior refurbishment and fitting-out works. Total revenue from construction contracts
amounted to HK$13.6 billion for the year ended 31 December 2025 (2024: HK$14.2 billion). As of the date of the report, the
Group had total contracts on hand amounting to HK$30.8 billion, which secure the revenue of the Group for the next two
years. Segment profit, after deducting direct costs, decreased to HK$530 million (2024: HK$581 million). The decline was
mainly attributable to delays in certain newly awarded projects caused by slow land resumption, as well as a decrease in the
price fluctuation index.

Environmental infrastructure projects in Mainland China
The Group operates a sewage treatment plant in Wuxi that treats household and industrial wastewater, as well as steam
supply plants in Gansu and Hubei that provide steam to clients in industrial parks. Total revenue generated from environmental
infrastructural operations in Mainland China amounted to HK$241 million for the year ended 31 December 2025 (2024: HK$215
million). Segment profit, after deducting direct costs, increased to HK$34 million (2024: loss of HK$17 million). Total output
capacity for the Group’s five operating steam plants increased from an average of 90 tons per hour in 2024 to an average of
115 tons per hour in 2025, representing an increase of 28%.

Major investment
The Group holds a 10% interest in Haitao Garden, an urban renewal project located at 58 Haitao Road, Yantian District,
Shenzhen, the People’s Republic of China. The project, originally built in the 1980s, is being redeveloped for residential and
commercial use. Construction of the project has commenced, and sales may begin as early as the third quarter of 2026. As
at 31 December 2025, the remaining 90% interest of the project was held by Road King Infrastructure Limited (“Road King”),
a connected person of the Company under the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on The Stock
Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).

Employees and Remuneration Policies
As at 31 December 2025, the Group had a total of 3,587 employees, and total remuneration for the year ended 31
December 2025 was approximately HK$2,132 million. Competitive remuneration packages are structured for each employee
commensurate with individual responsibility, qualifications, experience, and performance. In addition, discretionary bonuses
may be paid depending upon the financial performance of the Group as well as the performance of the individual.



                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025          7
Management Discussion and Analysis

FINANCIAL REVIEW
Liquidity and Financial Resources
As at 31 December 2025, the Group had liquid assets of HK$2,661 million (2024: HK$1,992 million) comprising financial assets
at fair value through profit or loss of HK$73 million (2024: HK$460 million), time deposits with an original maturity of not less
than three months of HK$1 million (2024: HK$1 million) and bank balances and cash of HK$2,587 million (2024: HK$1,531
million).

As at 31 December 2025, the Group had a total of interest-bearing borrowings of HK$88 million (2024: HK$99 million)
comprising bank loans of HK$88 million (2024: HK$76 million), other creditors of nil (2024: HK$23 million). The maturity profile
of the interest-bearing borrowings for both years is as follows:

                                                                                                         At                 At
                                                                                              31 December        31 December
                                                                                                     2025               2024
                                                                                                HK$ million        HK$ million

On demand or within one year                                                                               48               73
In the second year                                                                                          1                1
In the third to fifth year inclusive                                                                       39               25

                                                                                                           88               99


The Group’s borrowings, bank balances and cash, and financial assets at fair value through profit or loss were mainly
denominated in Hong Kong dollars. As a result, the Group is not significantly exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations.
During the year, the Group had no financial instrument for hedging purposes. As at 31 December 2025, total borrowings of
HK$42 million (2024: HK$27 million) carried interest at fixed rates.

Capital Structure and Gearing
As at 31 December 2025, total equity was HK$2,910 million (2024: HK$2,675 million) comprising ordinary share capital of
HK$124 million (2024: HK$124 million), reserves of HK$2,797 million (2024: HK$2,538 million) and non-controlling interests of
(HK$11 million) (2024: HK$13 million).

As at 31 December 2025, the gearing ratio, representing total interest-bearing borrowings as a percentage of total equity, was
3% (2024: 4%).

Pledge of Assets
As at 31 December 2025, bank deposits of the Group amounting to HK$90 million (2024: HK$81 million) were pledged to
banks for securing the banking facilities granted to the Group.




8       Build King Holdings Limited
                                                              Directors and Senior Management

EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
ZEN Wei Peu, Derek, age 73, has been the Chairman of the Company since 23 April 2004. He is a member of the
Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee of the Company. He is also the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
of Wai Kee Holdings Limited (“Wai Kee”) and the Chairman of Road King, the shares of both are listed on the Main Board of the
Stock Exchange. He is also a director of Emmaus Life Sciences, Inc., whose common stocks are traded on the OTC Market
in USA. Mr. Zen holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Engineering from The University of Hong Kong and a Master Degree in
Business Administration from The Chinese University of Hong Kong. He is a member of the Institution of Civil Engineers and
The Hong Kong Institution of Engineers and a fellow member of the Institution of Quarrying, the United Kingdom (“UK”). He was
the Honorary Treasurer of Hong Kong Construction Association. He has over 50 years of experience in civil engineering.

LUI Yau Chun, Paul, age 65, has been appointed as an Executive Director of the Company since 1 December 2021. Mr.
Lui joined the Group in 1998. He currently is the Group’s Chief Operating Officer, and a director of various companies of the
Group. He is a member of the Institution of Structural Engineers and the Hong Kong Institution of Engineers. Mr. Lui has over
35 years of experience in civil and marine engineering. He is responsible for the Group’s civil and marine engineering operation
in Hong Kong.

TSUI Wai Tim, age 63, has been appointed as an Executive Director of the Company since 1 December 2021. He is a director
of various companies of the Group and various subsidiaries of Wai Kee. Mr. Tsui is a chartered and registered professional
engineer. He is a fellow of the Hong Kong Institution of Engineers, the Institution of Civil Engineers, the Hong Kong Institute
of Construction Managers, the Hong Kong Institution of Highways and Transportation, and the Institute of Quarrying, and a
member of the Hong Kong Institute of Real Estate Administrators and the Chartered Institute of Logistics and Transport. Mr.
Tsui is a Director of the Hong Kong Construction Materials Association Limited, a former Member of the Occupational Safety
& Health Council, a former Vice President and Council Member of the Hong Kong Construction Association, a former Advisor
and Member of the Pneumoconiosis Compensation Fund Board, and a former Chairman of the Building Division of The Hong
Kong Institution of Engineers. Mr. Tsui has over 40 years of experience in various types of investment projects, quarrying,
property development, property management, large-scale civil engineering, building and foundation projects in Hong Kong, the
PRC and overseas. He is responsible for the Group’s environmental infrastructure projects in the PRC.

CHAN Chi Ming, age 59, has been appointed as an Executive Director and Company Secretary of the Company since 13
February 2025. Mr. Chan joined the Group in October 2024 as a finance director and he is also a director of various companies
of the Group. He is also the member of the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee of the Company. Mr. Chan holds
a Master’s degree in Accounting from the University of Cambridge, a Professional Certificate in Innovation and Entrepreneurship
from the Stanford University and a Master’s degree in Business Administration from the Hong Kong University of Science and
Technology. He is a fellow of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and a Certified Public Accountant of the
Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He has over 30 years of experience in financial management, corporate
finance and corporate governance. Mr. Chan was previously an executive director of companies listed on the Main Board of
the Stock Exchange. Mr. Chan is responsible for overseeing the finance, human resources, digital, administration and company
secretarial departments of the Group.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025           9
Directors and Senior Management

NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
David Howard GEM, age 85, has been appointed as a Non-executive Director of the Company since 9 August 2004. He
had been a member of the Audit Committee of the Company since 29 July 2005 and resigned on 12 January 2011. He is
a Chartered Engineer and is a member of both the Institution of Civil Engineers, London and The Hong Kong Institution of
Engineers. He is also a member of The Chartered Institute of Arbitrators and a fellow of The Hong Kong Institute of Highways
and Transportation. He has over 45 years of experience with contractors in the management, design and construction of a
wide variety of civil engineering and building projects in UK, Asia and Hong Kong. He was a past Vice President of The Hong
Kong Construction Association and Chairman of The Civil Engineering Committee. He was also a past Chairman of the Civil
Engineering Division of The Hong Kong Institution of Engineers and a past member of the Construction Advisory Board to the
Hong Kong Government.

CHAN Chi Hung, Anthony, age 52, has been appointed as a Non-executive Director of the Company since 4 December
2008. He holds a Bachelor of Science Degree with major in Economics with University of Minnesota, and is an alumni of
Stanford Graduate School of Business with a certificate of Stanford Executive Program. He is currently an independent non-
executive director of Milan Station Holdings Limited, the shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange.
Mr. Chan was previously the Investment Manager of Springfield Financial Adv. Ltd. in charge of its private equity, fund-of-funds
and fixed income investment portfolios. Prior to that, he was with J.P. Morgan Chase.

CHANG Kam Chuen, Desmond, age 60, was appointed as an Executive Director of the Company in 2008 and has been
re-designated to a Non-executive Director on 21 May 2024. He was also the Company Secretary of the Company from 31
May 2005 to 29 December 2023. He is a fellow member of The Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and an
associate member of Chartered Institute of Management Accountants, UK. He has over 35 years of experience in accounting
profession and financial management.

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
HO Tai Wai, David, age 77, has been appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company since 8
September 2004. He is the Chairman of the Audit Committee, and a member of the Remuneration Committee, the Nomination
Committee and the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee of the Company. Mr. Ho has over 50 years of experience
in finance and accounting. He is a fellow member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants of UK, The Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants and CPA Australia. Mr. Ho holds a Master of Business Administration Degree from The
Chinese University of Hong Kong. He is an independent non-executive director of Left Field Printing Group Limited, Lion Rock
Group Limited and Road King, all shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange.

LING LEE Ching Man, Eleanor, SBS, OBE, JP, age 78, has been appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director of
the Company since 30 September 2014. She is the Chairwoman of the Remuneration Committee, and a member of the Audit
Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee of the Company. Mrs. Ling
had over 30 years of management experience with one of the largest multinational group in Asia and is a Fellow of the Institute
of Chartered Management. Mrs. Ling has retired but remains involved in public services. She is a Vice Patron of the Community
Chest.




10     Build King Holdings Limited
                                                                Directors and Senior Management

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS (Continued)
LO Yiu Ching, Dantes, GBS, JP, age 80, has been appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company
since 30 November 2018. He is the Chairman of the Nomination Committee, and a member of the Audit Committee, the
Remuneration Committee and the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee of the Company. Mr. Lo is a professional
civil and structural engineer. He is fellows of the Institution of Civil Engineers, Institution of Structural Engineers and Hong Kong
Institution of Engineers. He has engaged for more than 50 years in the administration, planning, design and construction of
various major capital works projects in Hong Kong and overseas. Mr. Lo joined the Hong Kong Government in 1974 as an
Engineer and was promoted to Director of Civil Engineering in 1999 and Director of Highways in 2000. From 2002 to 2006, he
was appointed as the Permanent Secretary for the Environment, Transport and Works (Works). He retired from the civil service
in 2006. Mr. Lo then served as a senior consultant to the Hospital Authority on capital planning. Subsequently, Mr. Lo had
been appointed as a board member and later Advisor to the CEO of The Airport Authority Hong Kong. Mr. Lo is a distinguished
adjunct professor in the Department of Civil Engineering, University of Hong Kong. He is also the Honorary President of the
Association of Engineering Professionals in Society. He was an independent non-executive director of China Overseas Grand
Oceans Group Limited from 18 May 2010 to 27 March 2023, the shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock
Exchange.

NG Cheuk Hei, Shirley, age 56, has been appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company since 25
May 2020. She is the Chairwoman of the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee, and a member of the Audit
Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee of the Company. She holds a Doctorate Degree in
Management from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, a Master Degree in Chinese Law from Renmin University
of China, a Master Degree in Management with major in Marketing Management from Macquarie University (Sydney,
Australia) and a Bachelor Degree in Business (International Trade) from Monash University (Melbourne, Australia). She has
over 25 years of experience in the fintech digital economy and IT industry, and has extensive knowledge in business and
marketing management, product marketing, product development and consulting experience in digital payment solution, IT
and telecommunication and system integration solution. Ms. Ng is currently an independent non-executive director of Lion
Rock Group Limited, the shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange. Ms. Ng was previously the vice
president (strategic solutions and marketing) of Global Payments Inc. from 2016 to 2018. From 2013 to 2016, Ms. Ng was the
managing director (Asia Pacific) of GeoSwift Payment Technology Limited. Prior to the aforesaid, Ms. Ng held various senior
management positions in a number of large multinational companies.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025          11
Directors and Senior Management

SENIOR MANAGEMENT
CHAN Wing Ho, Vincent, age 49, is responsible for the Group’s civil engineering operation in Hong Kong. He is a director
of Build King Construction Limited (“BKCL”), Build King Civil Engineering Limited (“Build King Civil”) and Build King (Zens)
Engineering Limited (“Build King (Zens) Engineering”). He holds a Master Degree of Science and a Bachelor Degree in Civil
Engineering from The University of Hong Kong. He is a fellow member of The Hong Kong Institution of Engineers and a
Registered Professional Engineer (CVL). He is the Vice President of Hong Kong Institution of Highway and Transportation and a
council member of Hong Kong Construction Association. He has over 25 years of experience in civil engineering construction.

CHEUNG Siu Lun, age 75, is a director of BKCL, Build King Civil and Build King (Zens) Engineering. He is currently a senior
consultant of the Group. He holds a Bachelor of Science Degree in Civil Engineering from The University of Hong Kong. He is a
fellow of The Hong Kong Institution of Engineers. He is a member of the Faculty Advisory Committee of the Faculty of Science
and Technology of the Technological and Higher Education Institute of Hong Kong. He has over 50 years of experience in both
civil engineering and building construction.

FONG Wai Pan, Felix, age 48, is responsible for the Group’s building operation in Hong Kong. He is a director of BKCL,
Build King Civil, Build King (Zens) Engineering and Cerebro Strategy Limited. He holds a Master Degree of Science and a
Bachelor Degree in Civil Engineering from The University of Hong Kong. He is a committee member of Hong Kong Institution of
Engineers Civil Division, a fellow member of the Hong Kong Institution of Engineers and Institution of Civil Engineers (UK). He
is also a council member of Hong Kong Construction Association. He has over 25 years of experience in civil engineering and
building construction.

KWOK Chi Ko, Enmale, age 69, is responsible for the Group’s contract administration and commercial management for all
building and construction related businesses. He is a director of BKCL, Build King Civil and Build King (Zens) Engineering. He
holds an Engineering Doctorate Degree, a Master Degree in Arbitration & Dispute Resolution and a Master Degree in Laws. He
is a Chartered Quantity Surveyor, a Registered Professional Surveyor (QS) and an Accredited Mediator and has been a Fellow
Member of the Hong Kong Institute of Surveyors, the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors and the Chartered Institute of
Arbitrators. He has had over 40 years of experience in building and construction industry.

LEE Man Wai, age 65, is responsible for the Group’s tendering activities. He is a director of BKCL, Build King Civil and Build
King (Zens) Engineering. He has over 40 years of extensive experience in tendering and commercial management of civil
engineering and building projects in Hong Kong.

LIU Hoi Yu, Paul, age 51, is responsible for the Group’s building operation in Hong Kong. He is a director of BKCL and Build
King Civil. He holds a Master Degree in Civil Engineering and a Bachelor Engineering Degree from The University of Hong Kong.
He is a fellow member of The Hong Kong Institution of Engineers and a Registered Professional Engineer (CVL & STR). He is a
member of The Institution of Structural Engineers and the Chartered Institute of Building. He has over 25 years of experience in
both civil engineering and building construction.




12     Build King Holdings Limited
                                                              Directors and Senior Management

SENIOR MANAGEMENT (Continued)
LIU Sing Pang, Simon, age 64, is responsible for the Group’s civil engineering operation in Hong Kong. He is a director
of BKCL, Build King Civil and Build King (Zens) Engineering. He is a member of the Institution of Structural Engineers and a
Fellow of the Hong Kong Institution of Engineers. He is also a member of the 6th Election Committee of Hong Kong Special
Administrative Region, President of Hong Kong Construction Association and Supervisor of HKCA Po Leung Kuk School. He is
also a member of Construction Industry Council and serves as the Chairperson of Construction Industry Training Board and a
member of Hong Kong Institute of Construction Management Board. Additionally, he is a member of the Governing Council of
the Hong Kong Quality Assurance Agency and the Chairman of Pneumoconiosis Compensation Fund Board. With 40 years of
experience, he has extensive expertise in civil engineering and building construction.

SO Yiu Wing, Wilfred, age 51, is responsible for the Group’s civil engineering operation in Hong Kong. He is a director of
BKCL, Build King Civil and Build King (Zens) Engineering. He holds a Bachelor degree in Civil Engineering from The University of
Hong Kong. He is a member of The Hong Kong Institution of Engineers and a Registered Professional Engineer (CVL). He is the
Council Member of Hong Kong Construction Association. He has over 25 years of experience in civil engineering construction.

TSE Mau Kay, Keith, age 50, is responsible for the Group’s civil engineering operation in Hong Kong. He is a director of
BKCL, Build King Civil and Build King (Zens) Engineering. He holds a Master Degree of Science in Geotechnical Engineering
and a Bachelor Degree in Civil and Structural Engineering from The University of Hong Kong. He is a member of The Hong
Kong Institution of Engineers, The Institution of Civil Engineers (UK) and The Institution of Structural Engineers (UK). He is a
committee member of Civil Division of The Hong Kong Institution of Engineers. He has over 25 years of experience in civil
engineering construction.

YEOW Chin Lan, Denis, age 55, joined the Group in September 1999 and is the Group Financial Controller responsible
for the financial management and accounting of the Group. He is a fellow member of the Association of Chartered Certified
Accountants, UK. He has over 30 years of experience in auditing, accounting and financial management.

YIU Cheuk Hung, Kenneth, age 60, is responsible for the Group’s building operation in Hong Kong. He is a director of BKCL
and Build King Civil. He holds an Executive Master Degree of Business Administration from The Chinese University of Hong
Kong and a Master Degree of Project Management from University of South Australia. He is a member of the Hong Kong
Institution of Engineers, the Chartered Institute of Building (UK) and the Hong Kong Institute of Construction Managers. He
is also a Registered Professional Engineer. He has over 35 years of experience in the construction industry including design,
construction and project management.

YU Man Kit, Andy, age 51, is responsible for the Group’s civil engineering operation in Hong Kong, as well as the digital
transformation within the Group. He is a director of BKCL, Build King Civil, Build King (Zens) Engineering and Cerebro Strategy
Limited. He holds a Bachelor Degree in Civil Engineering, a Professional Diploma in Construction Management and a Master
Degree of Corporate Governance. He is a member of Institution of Civil Engineers (UK), the Institution of Engineers, Australia,
the Chartered Association of Building Engineers and Hong Kong Institute of Construction Managers, associate member of
Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute and The Chartered Governance Institute. He is also a Registered Construction
Manager in Hong Kong and a Chartered Civil and Building Engineer in UK. In addition, he is a member of Civil Engineering
Committee of Hong Kong Construction Association. He has over 25 years of experience in civil engineering.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025         13
Directors’ Report

The Directors present the annual report and the audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December
2025.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND SUBSIDIARIES
The Company is an investment holding company. The principal activities of its principal subsidiaries are set out in note 49 to
the consolidated financial statements.

MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
For the year ended 31 December 2025, the five largest customers of the Group together accounted for approximately 82% of
the Group’s revenue, with the largest customer accounted for approximately 54%, and the five largest suppliers of the Group
together represented less than 12% by value of the Group’s total purchases.

As of 31 December 2025, two Directors of the Company, namely Mr. Tsui Wai Tim and Mr. Ho Tai Wai, David, together
with their respective close associates, held nominal beneficial interests in the listed shares of one of the Group’s five largest
customers.

Save as disclosed above, none of the other Directors, their close associates, or any shareholders (which to the knowledge
of the Directors own more than 5% of the issued share capital of the Company), had any interests in the Group’s five largest
customers.

RESULTS AND APPROPRIATIONS
The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and
the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income on pages 110 and 111 respectively.

The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK7.0 cents per ordinary share. The Board is of the opinion that the
Company has a strong positive cash flow position and sufficient working capital to meet its present requirements. As such, the
Board has decided to distribute an additional special dividend of HK6.0 cents per ordinary share.

Both final and special dividends are payable to shareholders whose names appear in the register of members of the Company
on Monday, 1 June 2026. Together with the interim dividend HK4.0 cents per ordinary share paid on 29 September 2025, the
total dividend payout for the year amounted to HK17.0 cents per ordinary share. Details of dividends are set out in note 14 to
the consolidated financial statements.

Subject to the approval of shareholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company, it is expected that the
payment of final and special dividends will be made on Tuesday, 16 June 2026.

CLOSURES OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
For determining the entitlement to attend and vote at the annual general meeting to be held on Friday, 22 May 2026 (the “2026
Annual General Meeting”), the register of members of the Company will be closed from Tuesday, 19 May 2026 to Friday, 22
May 2026, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares will be registered. The record date for the 2026
Annual General Meeting is on Friday, 22 May 2026. In order to be eligible to attend and vote at the 2026 Annual General
Meeting, all transfers accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s Branch Share
Registrar in Hong Kong, Tricor Investor Services Limited, at 17/F., Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong not
later than 4:00 p.m. on Monday, 18 May 2026.




14     Build King Holdings Limited
                                                                                                 Directors’ Report

The proposed final and special dividends are subject to the approval of the shareholders at the 2026 Annual General Meeting.
The record date for the proposed final and special dividends is on Monday, 1 June 2026. For determining the entitlement to
the proposed final and special dividends, the register of members of the Company will be closed from Friday, 29 May 2026
to Monday, 1 June 2026, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares will be registered. In order to qualify
for the proposed final and special dividends, all transfers accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with
the Company’s Branch Share Registrar in Hong Kong, Tricor Investor Services Limited, at 17/F., Far East Finance Centre, 16
Harcourt Road, Hong Kong not later than 4:00 p.m. on Thursday, 28 May 2026.

BUSINESS REVIEW
The business review of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 is set out in the sections headed “Financial Highlights”
on page 2, “Chairman’s Letter” on pages 3 to 6, “Management Discussion and Analysis” on pages 7 to 8, “Corporate
Governance Report” on pages 25 to 43, Environmental, Social and Governance Report on pages 44 to 104, “Consolidated
Financial Statements” on pages 110 to 194 and “Financial Summary” on page 195. Descriptions of the principal risks and
uncertainties facing the Group can be found throughout this annual report.

SEGMENTAL INFORMATION
Details of the segmental information are set out in note 6 to the consolidated financial statements.

SHARE CAPITAL
Details of the Company’s share capital are set out in note 35 to the consolidated financial statements.

RESERVES
Details of movement in the reserves of the Group for the year are set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity on
page 114.

DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
The reserves of the Company which were available for distribution to the shareholders as at 31 December 2025 were
HK$158,504,000.

EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
During the year, the Company had not entered into any equity-linked agreement.

FINANCIAL SUMMARY
A summary of the results and the financial position of the Group for the past five financial years is set out on page 195.

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Details of movement in property, plant and equipment of the Group are set out in note 16 to the consolidated financial
statements.

BANK BORROWINGS
Details of the Group’s bank borrowings as at 31 December 2025 are set out in note 34 to the consolidated financial
statements.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025       15
Directors’ Report

RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEMES
Details of the Company’s pension schemes are set out in note 42 to the consolidated financial statements.

DIRECTORS AND DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
The Directors of the Company during the year and up to the date of this report are:

Executive Directors
Zen Wei Peu, Derek (Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director)
Lui Yau Chun, Paul
Tsui Wai Tim
Chan Chi Ming (appointed on 13 February 2025)
Luk Chi Chung, Peter (resigned on 13 February 2025)

Non-executive Directors
David Howard Gem
Chan Chi Hung, Anthony
Chang Kam Chuen, Desmond

Independent Non-executive Directors
Ho Tai Wai, David
Ling Lee Ching Man, Eleanor
Lo Yiu Ching, Dantes
Ng Cheuk Hei, Shirley

Details of the Directors are set out in the section headed “Directors and Senior Management”.

In accordance with Bye-law 111 of the Company’s Bye-laws, Mr. Zen Wei Peu, Derek, Mr. David Howard Gem, Mrs. Ling Lee
Ching Man, Eleanor, and Ms. Ng Cheuk Hei, Shirley will retire from office by rotation at the forthcoming annual general meeting
and, being eligible, will offer themselves for re-election at the meeting.

None of the Directors proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting has a service contract which is not
determinable by the Group within one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).

The Company has received from each Independent Non-executive Director an annual confirmation of his/her independence
during the year ended 31 December 2025 pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers all the
Independent Non-executive Directors to be independent.

DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION
Details of Directors’ remuneration are set out in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements.




16     Build King Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                 Directors’ Report

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS
As at 31 December 2025, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the shares
of the Company (the “Shares”), underlying shares, and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the
meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”)) as recorded in the register kept by the Company pursuant
to section 352 of the SFO, or which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the
Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) set out in Appendix C3 of the Listing
Rules, were as follows:

(I)   The Company
      Interests in Shares
                                                                                               Number of Shares held
                                                                                                   Long           Short Percentage of
       Name of Director                                    Nature of interest                   position       position shareholding
                                                                                                  (Note)                          (%)

       Zen Wei Peu, Derek                                  Personal                          122,825,228                        –                   9.89
       Lui Yau Chun, Paul                                  Personal                            1,683,092                        –                   0.14
       Tsui Wai Tim                                        Personal                            1,150,000                        –                   0.09
       Chan Chi Ming                                       Personal                              400,000                        –                   0.03
       David Howard Gem                                    Personal                              900,000                        –                   0.07
       Chang Kam Chuen, Desmond                            Personal                            1,500,000                        –                   0.12


      Note:

      Long position in the Shares (other than pursuant to equity derivatives such as share options, warrants to subscribe, or convertible bonds).




                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025               17
Directors’ Report

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS (Continued)
(II)   Associated Corporations
       Interests in Shares
                                                                                                      Number of shares held
        Name of                                                                      Nature of            Long        Short Percentage of
        Director                        Name of company                              interest           position   position shareholding
                                                                                                        (Note 1)                      (%)

        Zen Wei Peu, Derek              Wai Kee                                      Personal         270,880,078                   –               34.15
                                                                                     Securities        24,601,000                   –                3.11
                                                                                       interest
                                        Build King (Zens) Engineering                Personal            2,000,000                  –               10.00
                                          Limited (Note 2)
                                        Wai Luen Stone Products Limited              Personal                30,000                 –               37.50
        Lui Yau Chun, Paul              Wai Kee                                      Personal               200,000                 –                0.03


       Notes:

       1.       Long position in the shares (other than pursuant to equity derivatives such as share options, warrants to subscribe, or convertible bonds).

       2.       Formerly known as Wai Kee (Zens) Construction & Transportation Company Limited.

Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors or chief executive of the Company had any interests or short positions in any
Shares, underlying shares, and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV
of the SFO) as recorded in the register kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or which were required to be
notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.

Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors nor their spouses or children under 18 years of age were granted or had
exercised any rights to subscribe for any securities of the Company or any of its associated corporations.

ARRANGEMENTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
At no time during the year was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors to
acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debenture of, the Company or of any other body corporate.

DIRECTORS’ MATERIAL INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS
Save as disclosed in the section headed “Connected Transactions” on pages 20 to 23 and in note 43 to the consolidated
financial statements, no transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries
was a party and in which a Director or his or her connected entity had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly,
subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.




18          Build King Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                     Directors’ Report

PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
Pursuant to the Bye-laws, every Director and everyone of his/her heirs, executors and administrators shall be entitled to be
indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all losses or liabilities which he/she may sustain or incur in or about the
execution of the duties of his/her office or otherwise in relation thereto.

The Company has arranged appropriate Directors’ and Officers’ Liability Insurance for its Directors and officers covering the
costs, losses, expenses, and liabilities arising from the performance of their duties. The insurance policy covers legal action
against its Directors and officers to comply with the requirement of the Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix C1 of
the Listing Rules. During the year, no claim was made against the Directors and officers of the Company.

COMPETING INTEREST
During the year, no Director was interested in the business which competed or was likely to compete either directly or indirectly,
with the business of the Group as required to be disclosed under the Listing Rules.

SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS
As at 31 December 2025, so far as was known to the Directors or the chief executive of the Company, the following persons
(other than a Director or chief executive of the Company) had interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying shares of
the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO
as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO:

                                                                                                Number of Shares held and
                                                                                                percentage of shareholding
                                                                                     Long position (Note 1)         Short position
                                                                                      Number                      Number
 Name of substantial shareholder                   Nature of interest                of Shares             %    of Shares                                %

 Top Horizon Holdings Limited                      Beneficial owner                724,435,033                 58.33                   –                  –
   (“Top Horizon”) (Note 2)
 Wai Kee (Zens) Holding Limited                    Interest in a controlled        724,435,033                 58.33                   –                  –
   (“Wai Kee (Zens)”) (Note 3)                        corporation
 Wai Kee (Note 4)                                  Interest in a controlled        724,435,033                 58.33                   –                  –
                                                      corporation


Notes:

1.       Long position in the Shares.

2.       Top Horizon is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Wai Kee (Zens). Mr. Zen Wei Peu, Derek is a director of Top Horizon.

3.       Wai Kee (Zens) is deemed to be interested in the Shares through its interests in Top Horizon. Mr. Zen Wei Peu, Derek is a director of Wai Kee (Zens).

4.       Wai Kee (Zens) is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Wai Kee. Accordingly, Wai Kee is deemed to be interested in the Shares through its
         interests in Wai Kee (Zens). Mr. Zen Wei Peu, Derek is the Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer, and an executive director of Wai Kee.

Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, no other person (other than the Directors or chief executive of the
Company) had an interest or a short position in the Shares and underlying shares of the Company as recorded in the register
required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO.




                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025               19
Directors’ Report

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
Connected Transactions
Balancing Transactions following partial exercise of Loan Redemption Right

Reference was made to an investment agreement (the “Investment Agreement”) entered into among Road King (a company
incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability whose shares are listed on the Stock Exchange), Shine Precious Limited (“Shine
Precious”, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Road King), the Company and Wise Start Global Limited (“Wise Start”, an
indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company) on 6 October 2022 in respect of the formation of a joint venture in relation
to Rainbow Triumph Limited (the “Project Company”) for the purpose of the development of an urban renewal project involving
the demolition and resettlement and re-development of a site Iocated at Haitao Garden, 58 Haitao Road, Yantian District,
Shenzhen, the PRC (the “Project”). Details of the transaction were disclosed in the Company’s announcement and circular
dated 6 October 2022 and 23 December 2022 respectively. The transactions contemplated thereunder were approved by
independent shareholders at the special general meeting of the Company held on 13 January 2023.

On 24 January 2025, Wise Start gave notice to Shine Precious to exercise its right (the “Loan Redemption Right”) to require
the Project Company to repay HK$400 million in principal amount (representing 50%) of the shareholder loan (the “Shareholder
Loan”) due to Wise Start at the redemption price of HK$400 million in accordance with the terms of the Investment Agreement.
Following the redemption due on 28 February 2025, Wise Start transferred to Shine Precious 1,000 shares (representing 50%
of the shares held by Wise Start) in the Project Company at HK$7,850 to effect the balancing transactions (the “Balancing
Transactions”) so that the shareholding held by Wise Start in the Project Company is proportionate to the Shareholder Loan
due to Wise Start.

Wai Kee is a substantial shareholder of the Company and therefore a connected person of the Company under the Listing
Rules. Road King and Shine Precious are associates of Wai Kee and connected persons of the Company under the Listing
Rules. Accordingly, the Balancing Transactions following the partial exercise of the Loan Redemption Right and the retention of
the remaining 10% shares (the “Retention”) in the Project Company attributable to the remaining Shareholder Loan constituted
connected transactions of the Company under the Listing Rules.

As one or more of the applicable percentage ratios (as defined in the Listing Rules) calculated in respect of the Balancing
Transactions and the Retention is more than 5% but less than 25%, and the total consideration is less than HK$10 million,
each of the Balancing Transactions and the Retention was subject to the announcement and reporting requirements under
Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

The transactions were announced by the Company in its announcements dated 24 January 2025. The details of the
transactions are disclosed in note 27(e) to the consolidated financial statements.




20     Build King Holdings Limited
                                                                                             Directors’ Report

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
Connected Transactions (Continued)
Extension Agreement with Faith Oriental Investment Limited, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Wai Kee (“Faith
Oriental”)

Reference was made to a sub-contract entered into between Faith Oriental (as main contractor) and Kaden-Titan JV (“Kaden-
Titan JV”, a joint venture between BKCL and Titan Foundation Limited, both being wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company)
(as sub-contractor), which was extended and supplemented by a supplementary agreement dated 25 April 2023 (the “Sub-
Contract”). Pursuant to the supplementary agreement, the duration of the sub-contract made between Kaden-Titan JV and
Faith Oriental on 21 July 2015 (the “Previous Sub-Contract”) was extended to 31 December 2025 and the scope of works
of the Previous Sub-Contract was expanded to include certain additional works. Details of the supplementary agreement
were disclosed in an announcement dated 25 April 2023 and a circular to shareholders dated 3 May 2023. The transactions
contemplated thereunder were subsequently approved by independent shareholders at the special general meeting of the
Company held on 24 May 2023.

On 31 December 2025, Faith Oriental and Kaden-Titan JV further entered into an extension agreement (the “Extension
Agreement”) to extend the period of performance of services under the Sub-Contract to 30 September 2026 (or such later date
as may be agreed between Faith Oriental and Kaden-Titan JV). Of the aggregate price for the Sub-Contract of approximately
HK$694 million, the Group has received approximately HK$537 million as of 31 December 2025.

Faith Oriental is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Wai Kee and Wai Kee is a substantial shareholder of the Company, and
therefore, both are connected persons of the Company. Given that the effect of the Extension Agreement is solely to extend
the time for the Group to perform its services under the Sub-Contract without any change of scope of its services or the basis
upon which its services are to be charged and paid for, there is no material change to the Sub-Contract for the purposes of
Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules and therefore no further independent shareholders’ approval of, and independent financial
advice on, the Extension Agreement was required.

Details of the Extension Agreement were disclosed in an announcement dated 31 December 2025. During the year, the
value of the sub-contract works was HK$43,188,000 and the transaction is disclosed in note 43 to the consolidated financial
statements.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2025        21
Directors’ Report

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
Continuing Connected Transactions
Framework Agreements with Wai Kee

On 30 November 2022, the Company entered into a framework agreement (the “2023 Framework Agreement”) with Wai Kee,
(a substantial shareholder of the Company and thus a connected person of the Company) whereby the Group might, but was
not obliged to, purchase ready mixed concrete (“Concrete”) from Wai Kee (or its subsidiaries and/or associates) from time to
time during the period from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2025 for the Group’s construction projects, subject to the terms
and conditions of 2023 Framework Agreement. The maximum aggregate value of the contract sum in respect of the purchase
of Concrete by the Group from Wai Kee (or its subsidiaries and/or associates) for the periods concerned under the 2023
Framework Agreement was subject to annual caps set out below.

 Period                                                                                        Total value not exceeding

 1 January 2023 - 31 December 2023                                                                        HK$380,000,000
 1 January 2024 - 31 December 2024                                                                        HK$370,000,000
 1 January 2025 - 31 December 2025                                                                        HK$430,000,000


The transaction contemplated under the 2023 Framework Agreement (the “Concrete CCT”) was announced by the Company in
its announcement dated 30 November 2022 and approved by independent shareholders at the special general meeting of the
Company held on 23 December 2022.

During the year, the aggregate value of the Concrete CCT under the 2023 Framework Agreement was HK$265,604,000, and
the transaction is disclosed in note 43 to the consolidated financial statements.

The above continuing connected transactions during the year have been reviewed by the Independent Non-executive Directors
in accordance with Rule 14A.55 of the Listing Rules who have confirmed that the transactions have been entered into:

(a)   in the ordinary course and usual course of business of the Group;

(b)   on normal commercial terms; and

(c)   in accordance with the terms of the 2023 Framework Agreement that are fair and reasonable and in the interest of the
      shareholders of the Company as a whole.

The Company has engaged the auditor of the Company to report the continuing connected transaction of the Group in
accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other Than
Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 (Revised) “Auditor’s Letter on
Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants. The auditor has issued an unqualified letter containing its findings and conclusions in respect of the Concrete
CCT disclosed by the Group in this annual report in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules.




22     Build King Holdings Limited
                                                                                            Directors’ Report

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
Continuing Connected Transactions (Continued)
Framework Agreements with Wai Kee (Continued)

A stable supply of Concrete is important to the Group’s construction projects. The Concrete products that are offered by Wai
Kee are mainly mixed concrete products of a comprehensive range. The Company entered into another framework agreement
with Wai Kee on 24 November 2025 (the “2026 Framework Agreement”) to renew the terms of the continuing sale and
purchase of Concrete from 1 January 2026 to 31 December 2028 for the Group’s construction projects.

Under the 2026 Framework Agreement, the Company and Wai Kee agreed that the maximum aggregate values of the contract
sum in respect of the sale and purchase of Concrete for the three years ending 31 December 2028 will not exceed the amounts
set out below:

 Period                                                                                        Total value not exceeding

 1 January 2026 - 31 December 2026                                                                        HK$310,000,000
 1 January 2027 - 31 December 2027                                                                        HK$430,000,000
 1 January 2028 - 31 December 2028                                                                        HK$450,000,000


The transaction contemplated under the 2026 Framework Agreement was announced by the Company in its announcement
dated 24 November 2025 and approved by independent shareholders at the special general meeting of the Company held on
19 December 2025.

DISCLOSURE PURSUANT TO RULE 13.51B(1) OF THE LISTING RULES
Upon enquiry by the Company, save as disclosed below, there has been no change in the information of the Directors required
to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules since the date of publication of the Company’s latest interim
report:

 Name of Director                        Details of Changes

 Chan Chi Ming                           Mr. Chan has been appointed as a member of the Environmental, Social and
                                         Governance (“ESG”) Committee with effect from 14 November 2025.

 Ho Tai Wai, David                       Mr. Ho has been appointed as a member of the ESG Committee with effect from 14
                                         November 2025.

 Ling Lee Ching Man, Eleanor             Mrs. Ling has been appointed as a member of the ESG Committee with effect from
                                         14 November 2025.

 Lo Yiu Ching, Dantes                    Mr. Lo has been appointed as a member of the ESG Committee with effect from 14
                                         November 2025.

 Ng Cheuk Hei, Shirley                   Ms. Ng has been appointed as an independent non-executive director and a member
                                         of the Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee of
                                         Lion Rock Group Limited (Stock Code: 1127) with effect from 15 October 2025.

                                         Ms. Ng has been appointed as the Chairwoman and a member of the ESG
                                         Committee of the Company with effect from 14 November 2025.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2025        23
Directors’ Report

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold, or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities (including
sale of treasury shares) during the year.

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s Bye-laws, or the laws of Bermuda, which would oblige the
Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to existing shareholders.

DONATIONS
During the year, the Group made charitable and other donations amounting to approximately HK$1,507,000.

SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of its Directors, the percentage of
its public float exceeds 25% for the year ended 31 December 2025 and up to 26 March 2026, the latest practicable date to
ascertain such information prior to the issue of this annual report.

AUDITOR
The consolidated financial statements have been audited by Messrs. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, and they shall retire as auditor
of the Company upon the expiration of its current term of office with effect from the conclusion of the 2026 Annual General
Meeting. A resolution for the re-appointment or appointment of auditor of the Company is to be proposed at the 2026 Annual
General Meeting.


On behalf of the Board




Zen Wei Peu, Derek
Chairman

Hong Kong, 26 March 2026




24     Build King Holdings Limited
                                                                       Corporate Governance Report

The Company is committed to maintaining the highest standard of corporate governance as it believes that good corporate
governance practices are fundamental to the effective operation of a company and can enhance shareholders’ value as well
as safeguard shareholders’ interests. The Company places strong emphasis on a quality Board, accountability, sound risk
management and internal control, appropriate risk-assessment, monitoring procedures and transparency to all shareholders
and stakeholders.

Throughout the year of 2025, the Company has complied with the code provisions in Part 2 of Corporate Governance Code
(the “Code”) set out in Appendix C1 of the Listing Rules, except for code provision C.2.1 in respect of the separate roles of the
chairman and chief executive officer.

Mr. Zen Wei Peu, Derek has been both the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. In addition to his
responsibilities as Chairman overseeing the function of the Board and formulating overall strategies and polices of the
Company, Mr. Zen has taken up the management of the Group’s business and overall operation. However, the day-to-day
running of the Company has been delegated to the divisional heads responsible for the different aspects of the business.

THE BOARD
Vision, Culture and Values
Build King envisions to be a leading main contractor in Hong Kong to provide all round construction related service and be a
preferred partner for customers, subcontractors, suppliers and joint ventures. Our cultures are found on three core values:

Integrity, innovation and professionalism. These three values are intertwined in all company policies and work practices.

Integrity: fulfilling commitments with honesty and high moral standard;

Innovation: our engineering innovation and resourcefulness have always been appreciated; and

Professionalism: delivering an integrated range of professional, technical and commercial services.

Role of the Board
The Company recognises the importance of a highly effective Board in the long-term success of the Group. In particular, we
prioritise balanced and diverse board composition; independent and objective thinking; proficient and informed Directors;
efficient and effective roles, committees and delegation; and prudent policies and processes including risk management.

The primary role of the Board is to protect and enhance shareholders’ long-term value. It assumes the responsibility for
providing effective and responsible leadership and control of the Group, and directing and supervising the Group’s affairs in
pursuit of the Group’s strategic objectives.

The Board approves and monitors Group’s strategies and policies, evaluates the performance of the Group and supervises the
management. In addition, the Board reserved for its decisions all major matters of the Company, including ESG Reporting and
monitoring progress around ESG material topics, approval and monitoring of budgets, internal control and risk management,
dividend payout, material transaction (in particular those may involve conflict of interests), preparation and release of financial
information, appointment of Directors, other significant financial and operational matters.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025         25
Corporate Governance Report

THE BOARD (Continued)
Role of the Board (Continued)
There is no separation of the role of the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer in the Company. The Chairman provides
leadership of the Board and undertakes the role of the Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Zen Wei Peu, Derek has taken up the
management of the Group’s business and overall operation. However, the day-to-day running of the Company has been
delegated to the divisional heads responsible for the different aspects of the business.

The Board also ensures the good corporate governance policies and practices are implemented within the Group, and is
responsible for performing the corporate governance duties including the following:

•    to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance;

•    to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of the Directors and senior management;

•    to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;

•    to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct manual applicable to employees and the Directors; and

•    to review the Company’s compliance with the Code and disclosures in the Corporate Governance Report.

The Internal Audit team has also carried out a compliance review on the Code and reported to the Board that the Group has
properly followed the requirements of the Code.

The abovementioned policies, practices and code of conduct have been promulgated across the Group in the form of
Employees’ Handbook and internal memoranda. Senior management is responsible for implementation, and effectiveness is
reviewed on a regular basis by internal audit.

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
The Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer is Mr. Zen Wei Peu, Derek.

The role of the Chairman is to oversee the functioning of the Board and ensure the establishment of strategic direction of
the Group. The Chairman provides leadership for the Board and ensures that the Company establishes sound corporate
governance practices and procedures. He also encourages all the Directors to make a full and active contribution to the affairs
of the Board.

There is no separation of the role of the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer in the Company. The Chairman provides
leadership of the Board and undertakes the management of the Group’s business and overall operation. However, the day-to-
day running of the Company has been delegated to the divisional heads responsible for the different aspects of the business.

The Board considers that this structure will not impair the balance of power and authority between the Board and the
management of the business of the Group given that there are a strong and independent element on the Board and a clear
division of responsibility in running the business of the Group. The Board believes that the structure outlined above is beneficial
to the Company and its business.




26     Build King Holdings Limited
                                                                                  Corporate Governance Report

THE BOARD (Continued)
Composition
During the year and up to date of this report, the Board comprises the following Directors:

                                                                    Board of Directors
                                                                                                                 Independent
 Executive Directors                                                    Non-executive Directors                  Non-executive Directors

 Zen Wei Peu, Derek                                                     David Howard Gem                         Ho Tai Wai, David
   (Chairman, Chief Executive Officer                                   Chan Chi Hung, Anthony                   Ling Lee Ching Man, Eleanor
   and Managing Director)                                               Chang Kam Chuen, Desmond                 Lo Yiu Ching, Dantes
 Lui Yau Chun, Paul                                                                                              Ng Cheuk Hei, Shirley
 Tsui Wai Tim
 Chan Chi Ming (Company Secretary) (Note 1)
 Luk Chi Chung, Peter (Note 2)


Notes:

1.       Mr. Chan Chi Ming has been appointed as Executive Director, Company Secretary and Authorised Representative of the Company with effect
         from 13 February 2025. Mr. Chan had obtained the legal advice regarding his appointment on 7 February 2025 and he had confirmed that he
         understood his obligations as a Director of the Company.

2.       Mr. Luk Chi Chung, Peter resigned as Executive Director, Company Secretary and Authorised Representative of the Company with effect from 13
         February 2025.

As at the date of this report, the Board comprises eleven Directors including four Executive Directors, three Non-executive
Directors and four Independent Non-executive Directors. With the expertise contributed by each of the Directors, the Board
has a wide spectrum of valuable business experience, knowledge and professionalism for its efficient and effective functioning.
Biographical details are set out in the “Directors and Senior Management” section of this annual report. An updated list of
Directors and their respective roles and functions are available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.

The Group has several mechanisms in place to encourage independent and objective thinking by its Directors and the Board as
a whole. Firstly, Independent Non-executive Directors are well-represented on the Board, with four in number, over one-third
of the Board, and at least one with accounting or related financial management expertise. Secondly, the Chairman encourages
open discussion amongst Directors, and solicits independent perspectives from the Independent Non-Executive Directors in
particular. Thirdly, at least once per year, the Chairman has a separate meeting with the Independent Non-executive Directors
to ensure their voices are being heard effectively. Finally, all Board members individually have access to the Company Secretary
and senior management, and independent professional advice would be sought through the Company Secretary. The Board
has reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of such mechanism for the year ended 31 December 2025.

There is no financial, business nor family relationship among members of the Board.

Appointment and Re-election
Pursuant to the Bye-laws of the Company, the Board may appoint a director either to fill a causal vacancy or as an addition
to the Board from time to time during the year following the recommendation from the Nomination Committee. Any Director
appointed by the Board to fill a causal vacancy and any Director appointed by the Board as an addition to the existing Board
shall hold office only until the next following annual general meeting of the Company and shall then be eligible for re-election. In
addition, at each annual general meeting, at least one-third of the Directors for the time being shall retire from office by rotation
and are eligible for re-election.




                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025             27
Corporate Governance Report

THE BOARD (Continued)
Non-executive Directors
Each Non-executive Director (including Independent Non-executive Director) of the Company has entered into a letter of
appointment with the Company, for a specific term of not more than three years, subject to re-election at the general meeting.

Independence of Independent Non-executive Directors
The Group values the independent judgement on Board through balanced composition of members. The Chairman encourages
open discussion and seeks independent view from Independent Non-executive Directors when necessary, on top of a separate
meeting with Independent Non-executive Directors held every year.

The Company received written confirmation of independence from each of the Independent Non-executive Directors in respect
of the year ended 31 December 2025, pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Board considers all the Independent
Non-executive Directors to be independent.

Board Meetings
The Board meets regularly at least four times each year and additional meetings are arranged if and when required. The
Directors play an active role in participating the Company’s meetings through contribution of their professional opinions and
active participation in discussion. During the year, the attendance records of individual Directors at the Board meetings,
meetings of the four Board Committees, namely Audit Committee, Nomination Committee, Remuneration Committee and ESG
Committee, the annual general meeting held on 21 May 2025 and the special general meeting held on 19 December 2025 are
set out below.

                                                                           Meetings Attended/Held
                                                                                                                               Special
                                                                                                                 Annual        General
                                                                                                                General        Meeting
                                                            Audit   Nomination Remuneration          ESG        Meeting        held on
                                                        Committee   Committee    Committee      Committee       held on   19 December
  Name of Director                      Board Meeting     Meeting     Meeting      Meeting        Meeting   21 May 2025           2025

  Executive Directors
  Zen Wei Peu, Derek                              4/4           –         2/2            2/2            –            1              1
  Lui Yau Chun, Paul                              4/4           –           –              –            –            1              1
  Tsui Wai Tim                                    4/4           –           –              –            –            1              1
  Chan Chi Ming (Company Secretary)               4/4           –           –              –          1/1            1              1

  Non-executive Directors
  David Howard Gem                                0/4           –           –             –             –            0              0
  Chan Chi Hung, Anthony                          4/4           –           –             –             –            1              1
  Chang Kam Chuen, Desmond                        4/4           –           –             –             –            0              0

  Independent Non-executive Directors
  Ho Tai Wai, David                               4/4         3/3         2/2            2/2          1/1            1              1
  Ling Lee Ching Man, Eleanor                     4/4         3/3         2/2            2/2          1/1            1              1
  Lo Yiu Ching, Dantes                            4/4         3/3         2/2            1/2          1/1            1              1
  Ng Cheuk Hei, Shirley                           4/4         3/3         2/2            2/2          1/1            1              1


“-”:   Not applicable




28        Build King Holdings Limited
                                                                     Corporate Governance Report

THE BOARD (Continued)
Board Meetings (Continued)
Notice of a regular Board meeting is given to all Directors at least 14 days before each meeting, and all Directors are given
the opportunity to include matters in the agenda for discussion at the Board meetings. The agenda and meeting materials are
normally sent to all Directors at least three days before the regular Board meetings (and so far as practicable for such other
Board meetings) to ensure that they have sufficient time and attention to the affairs of the Company.

In order to have an effective Board, all Directors are provided with information on activities and developments in and the
financial performance of the Group’s business on a regular basis to keep them appraised of the latest developments of the
Group. They have full access to information on the Group and are able to invite management and professional advisers, where
appropriate, to attend Board meetings.

All Directors have direct access to the Company Secretary who is responsible for advising the Board on corporate governance
and compliance issues. The Company Secretary is also responsible for taking the minutes of Board and Board Committees’
meetings. Such minutes are open for inspection by Directors.

Each Director is required to make disclosure of his/her interests or potential conflict of interests, if any, in any proposed
transactions or issues discussed by Directors at the Board and Board Committees’ meetings. Any Director shall not vote on
any resolution of the Board and Board Committees approving any contract or arrangement or any other proposal in which he/
she (or his/her associates) is materially interested nor shall he/she be counted in the quorum present at the meeting.

Directors’ Induction and Continuous Professional Development
Directors should keep abreast of their collective responsibilities. Briefing of the Group’s business will be given to newly
appointed Director and a comprehensive induction package including the statutory and regulatory obligations of a director of
a listed company shall also be provided. The Group also provides seminars and trainings to develop and refresh the Directors’
knowledge and skills. The Group continuously updates the Directors on the latest developments regarding the Listing Rules
and applicable regulatory requirements to ensure compliance and enhance their awareness of good corporate governance
practices.

During the year, the Group provided training courses to the Directors and the management.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2025        29
Corporate Governance Report

THE BOARD (Continued)
Directors’ Induction and Continuous Professional Development (Continued)
All Directors are requested to provide the Company with their respective training records pursuant to the Code. Trainings
received by each of the Directors during the year are summarized as follows:

                                                                                                                           Type of continuous
 Name of Director                                                                                                    professional development

 Executive Directors
 Zen Wei Peu, Derek                                                                                                                          A, B
 Lui Yau Chun, Paul                                                                                                                          A, B
 Tsui Wai Tim                                                                                                                                A, B
 Chan Chi Ming (appointed on 13 February 2025)                                                                                               A, B

 Non-executive Directors
 David Howard Gem                                                                                                                            A, B
 Chan Chi Hung, Anthony                                                                                                                      A, B
 Chang Kam Chuen, Desmond                                                                                                                    A, B

 Independent Non-executive Directors
 Ho Tai Wai, David                                                                                                                           A, B
 Ling Lee Ching Man, Eleanor                                                                                                                 A, B
 Lo Yiu Ching, Dantes                                                                                                                        A, B
 Ng Cheuk Hei, Shirley                                                                                                                       A, B


Notes:

A:       attending trainings, seminars and/or conferences

B:       reading newspapers, journals and updates relating to the economy, general business, accounting, laws, rules and regulations, etc.


Board Diversity Policy
The Board has adopted a Board Diversity Policy. The policy aims to set out the approach to achieve diversity on the Board to
ensure that the Board has the balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements of
the Company’s business. Selection of candidates will be based on a range of diversity perspectives, including but not limited
to gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional experience, skills, knowledge and/or length of service. The
ultimate decision will be based on merit and contribution that the selected candidates will bring to the Board.

The Nomination Committee has been delegated with the responsibility for implementing, monitoring and reviewing of the Board
Diversity Policy. Any revisions to the Board Diversity Policy as recommended by the Nomination Committee would be submitted
to Board for consideration and approval. The Board has reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the Policy for the
year ended 31 December 2025.




30         Build King Holdings Limited
                                                                     Corporate Governance Report

THE BOARD (Continued)
Board Diversity Policy (Continued)
As at the date of this report, nearly one-fifth of our Directors is female. The Board aims to maintain at least such a level of
female representation in its Board. The Board will engage independent professional search firms, as and when appropriate,
in its work to increase female representation on the Board and to develop a pipeline of potential successors to the Board to
achieve gender diversity.

While we would aspire to have more female representation amongst our senior management as part of succession planning
and to increase female representation amongst our workforce, we are also mindful of the significant challenges in doing
so as the market in which we operate (construction in particular) traditionally has a predominantly male workforce. We will
continue to take opportunities to increase the proportion of females amongst our staff, as and when suitable candidates are
identified. Details on the gender ratio of the Group together with relevant data are narrated under the Environment, Social and
Governance Report in this Annual Report.

BOARD COMMITTEES
The Board has delegated authority to four Board Committees, namely Audit Committee, Nomination Committee, Remuneration
Committee and ESG Committee, to oversee particular aspects of the Company’s affairs.

Audit Committee
Composition
The Audit Committee was formed in 2004 and currently comprises four members, namely Mr. Ho Tai Wai, David (Chairman of
the Audit Committee), Mrs. Ling Lee Ching Man, Eleanor, Mr. Lo Yiu Ching, Dantes and Ms. Ng Cheuk Hei, Shirley, all of whom
are Independent Non-executive Directors.

Role and Function
The main responsibilities of the Audit Committee are to review the consolidated financial statements and the external auditor’s
reports, and to monitor the integrity of the consolidated financial statements. It also assists the Board to oversee financial
reporting system, risk management, internal control systems and internal and external audit functions. The Committee meets at
least twice a year with the Company’s external auditor to discuss the audit process and accounting issues. The updated terms
of reference of the Audit Committee are available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025        31
Corporate Governance Report

BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)
Audit Committee (Continued)
Summary of Work Done
The following is a summary of major work performed by the Audit Committee during the year ended 31 December 2025 and up
to the date of this report:

•    Approval of remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditor;

•    Review of its terms of reference;

•    Review of the annual results of the Group for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2025, and the interim results of the
     Group for the six months ended 30 June 2025;

•    Review of the Group’s financial information, financial reporting procedures, risk management, internal control systems,
     and financial and accounting policies and practices;

•    Review of external auditor’s independence and objectivity and the effectiveness of the audit process;

•    Review of the audit plan, including an assessment of the impact of the new accounting standards applicable to the
     Group, for the year ended 31 December 2025;

•    Review of internal/external auditor’s significant findings and recommendations, and monitoring of the subsequent
     implementation;

•    Recommendation to the Board to re-appoint or appoint the external auditor at the 2025 and 2026 annual general
     meetings;

•    Review of the effectiveness of the internal audit function of the Company;

•    Review of the 2026 internal audit plan;

•    Review of the findings in the internal control reports;

•    Review and recommendation to the Board for the approval of the Group’s Whistleblowing Policy;

•    Review of the continuing connected transactions of the Group; and

•    Meetings with the external auditor, in the absence of Executive Directors and management.




32     Build King Holdings Limited
                                                                       Corporate Governance Report

BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)
Nomination Committee
Composition
The Nomination Committee was set up in 2012 and currently comprises five members, namely Mr. Lo Yiu Ching, Dantes
(Chairman of the Nomination Committee), Mr. Ho Tai Wai, David, Mrs. Ling Lee Ching Man, Eleanor, Ms. Ng Cheuk Hei, Shirley
and Mr. Zen Wei Peu, Derek. Except for Mr. Zen Wei Peu, Derek, an Executive Director, all other members are Independent
Non-executive Directors.

Role and Function
The Nomination Committee was established to ensure that there are deliberative, considered and transparent procedures for
the appointment of the Directors. The duties of this Committee include reviewing the structure, size and composition (including
but not limited to gender, age, cultural background, educational background, skills, knowledge, professional experience and/
or length of service) of the Board at least annually and making recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board to
complement the Company’s corporate strategy, identifying individuals suitably qualified to become members of the Board and
selecting, or making recommendations to the Board on the selection of, individuals nominated for directorships based on merit
against objective criteria and with due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board. The updated terms of reference of the
Nomination Committee are available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.

Recognising the other demands placed on Directors, the Nomination Committee has reviewed the capacity of each Director to
carry out his/her duties, and is satisfied with his/her level, effectiveness and contributions.

Summary of Work Done
The following is a summary of the work performed by the Nomination Committee during the year ended 31 December 2025
and up to the date of this report:

•    Review of the structure, size and composition (including but not limited to gender, age, cultural background, educational
     background, skills, knowledge, professional experience and/or length of service) of the Board;

•    Review of its terms of reference;

•    Assessment of the independence of the Independent Non-executive Directors;

•    Review of the Nomination Policy and the Board Diversity Policy (collectively the “Policies”) and the measurable objective
     for implementing the Policies; and

•    Determination of the rotation of the Directors for the 2025 and 2026 annual general meetings.

Nomination Policy
The Company has a Nomination Policy for the nomination of Directors. The policy aims to set out the approach to guide the
Nomination Committee in relation to the identification and selection of individuals suitably qualified to become Directors and the
making of recommendation to the Board on the individuals nominated for directorships and the re-election of Directors.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025         33
Corporate Governance Report

BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)
Nomination Committee (Continued)
Nomination Procedures
Appointments of new Directors are first considered by the Nomination Committee. In considering the appointment of a Director,
the Committee applies criteria such as relevant experience, professional and educational background, reputation for integrity
and independence as well as the diversity on the Board as mentioned in the Board Diversity Policy, including but not limited to
gender, age, cultural background, educational background, skills, knowledge, professional experience and length of service.

For the retiring Directors to be re-elected at annual general meeting, other than the consideration of selection criteria and the
diversity on the Board mentioned above, the Committee will evaluate their overall contribution and service to the Company.

The recommendations of this Committee are then put to the Board for consideration and approval. Thereafter, any Director
appointed by the Board is subject to re-election at the general meeting after his/her appointment.

In February 2025, upon the recommendation of the Nomination Committee, the Board approved the appointment of Mr. Chan
Chi Ming as an Executive Director. In accordance with Bye-laws 94 and 111 of the Company’s Bye-laws, he retired from office
and was re-elected at the annual general meeting held on 21 May 2025.

Remuneration Committee
Composition
The Remuneration Committee was formed in 2005 and currently comprises five members, namely Mrs. Ling Lee Ching Man,
Eleanor (Chairwoman of the Remuneration Committee), Mr. Ho Tai Wai, David, Mr. Lo Yiu Ching, Dantes, Ms. Ng Cheuk
Hei, Shirley and Mr. Zen Wei Peu, Derek. Except for Mr. Zen Wei Peu, Derek, an Executive Director, all other members are
Independent Non-executive Directors.

Role and Function
The Remuneration Committee has been established to ensure that there are formal and transparent procedures to assist the
Board in determining the remuneration policy of the Company and structuring the remuneration of senior management. This
Committee is responsible for making recommendation to the Board on the Company’s policy and structuring for all Executive
Directors’ and senior management’s remuneration, and reviewing and approving the management’s remuneration proposal
with reference to the Board’s corporate goals and objectives. It also determines, with delegated responsibility, remuneration
packages of individual Executive Directors and senior management, and makes recommendations on remuneration of Non-
executive Directors (including Independent Non-executive Directors). The Remuneration Committee is also responsible for
reviewing and/or approving matters relating to share schemes in accordance with the Listing Rules. The updated terms of
reference of the Remuneration Committee are available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.




34     Build King Holdings Limited
                                                                      Corporate Governance Report

BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)
Remuneration Committee (Continued)
Summary of Work Done
The following is a summary of the work performed by the Remuneration Committee during the year ended 31 December 2025
and up to the date of this report:

•    Review of its terms of reference;

•    Approval of the renewed service contract of an Executive Director;

•    Approval of performance bonus of Executive Directors, senior management and employees;

•    Review of the emoluments of Non-executive Directors and Independent Non-executive Directors;

•    Recommendation to the Board for any salary adjustment of Executive Directors and senior management in 2026; and

•    Recommendation to the Board for any salary adjustment of employees (excluding Directors and senior management) in
     2026.

Remuneration policy
Competitive remuneration packages of Executive Directors and senior management are structured to commensurate with
individual responsibilities, qualification, experience and performance. In addition, discretionary bonuses may be paid depending
upon the financial performance of the Group as well as the performance of the individual. No individual determines his own
remuneration.

The remuneration of a Director is determined with reference to his/her duties and responsibilities with the Company and the
prevailing market situation. Details of the emoluments of Directors for the year ended 31 December 2025 are set out in note
11 to the consolidated financial statements of this annual report. The emoluments paid to senior management (excluding the
Executive Directors) for the year ended 31 December 2025 were within the following bands:

                                                                                                                 Number of
                                                                                                        Senior Management

 Up to HK$3,000,000                                                                                                          2
 HK$3,000,001 to HK$4,000,000                                                                                                2
 HK$4,000,001 to HK$5,000,000                                                                                                3
 HK$5,000,001 to HK$6,000,000                                                                                                2
 HK$6,000,001 to HK$7,000,000                                                                                                3
 HK$7,000,001 to HK$8,000,000                                                                                                1




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025         35
Corporate Governance Report

BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)
ESG Committee
Composition
The ESG Committee was set up in 2025 and currently comprises five members, namely Ms. Ng Cheuk Hei, Shirley (Chairwoman
of the ESG Committee), Mr. Ho Tai Wai, David, Mrs. Ling Lee Ching Man, Eleanor, Mr. Lo Yiu Ching, Dantes and Mr. Chan Chi
Ming. Except for Mr. Chan Chi Ming, an Executive Director, all other members are Independent Non-executive Directors.

Role and Function
The ESG Committee has been established to provide ongoing oversight of ESG and climate change matters. The duties of
this Committee include reviewing and recommending enhancements to the Company’s ESG strategy to ensure alignment with
stakeholder expectations, regulatory requirements, and the Company’s long-term sustainability objectives. It supervises the
identification, assessment, and management of material ESG and climate-related risks and opportunities. The ESG Committee
is also responsible for reviewing the annual ESG Report in accordance with the Listing Rules.

Summary of Work Done
As the ESG Committee was established in December 2025, its inaugural meeting was held immediately thereafter to review the
Company’s major ESG initiatives for the year. During this meeting, the Committee also determined the direction and approach
for drafting the ESG report. Following the financial year-end, a subsequent meeting was conducted to review the report and
recommend it to the Board for approval for the year ended 31 December 2025.

DIRECTORS’ SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
The Company has adopted the Model Code set out in Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules as its own code of conduct regarding
Directors’ Securities Transactions. All Directors have confirmed, following specific enquiry, that they have complied with the
Model Code throughout the year ended 31 December 2025.

The Company has also adopted a code of conduct governing securities transactions by employees who are likely to be in
possession of unpublished price-sensitive information in relation to the Group.

Formal notifications are sent by the Company to all Directors and relevant employees reminding them that they should not deal
in the securities of the Company during the “black out period” specified in the Model Code.

DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities, with the support from the Finance and Accounting Department, to prepare
the consolidated financial statements of the Company in accordance with statutory requirements and applicable accounting
standards. The Directors, having made appropriate enquiries, are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events
or conditions which may cast significant doubt upon the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Accordingly, the
Directors have prepared the consolidated financial statements on a going concern basis.

The Directors are aware of the requirements under the applicable Listing Rules and statutory regulations with regard to the
timely and proper disclosure of price sensitive information, announcements and financial disclosures and authorizes their
publication as and when required.




36     Build King Holdings Limited
                                                                                    Corporate Governance Report

EXTERNAL AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION AND REPORTING RESPONSIBILITIES
Messrs. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu has been re-appointed as the Company’s external auditor at the annual general meeting of
2025 until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting.

The fees paid/payable to external auditor for audit and non-audit services for the year ended 31 December 2025 are as follows:

 Type of services                                                                                          Fee paid/payable
                                                                                                                       HK$

 Audit                                                                                                              2,610,000
 Non-audit services
   Interim review                                                                                                     714,000
   Other services                                                                                                   1,112,000

 Total                                                                                                              4,436,000


Note: Other services comprise of tax and other consulting services for the Group.

The statement of the Company’s external auditor, Messrs. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, regarding their reporting responsibilities
is set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 105 to 109 forming part of this annual report.

RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
The Board has the responsibility to maintain sound and effective risk management including material risks relating to ESG and
internal control systems to safeguard the Company’s assets and shareholders’ interest.

The Company’s Enterprise Risk Management system is based on the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission’s “Internal Control – Integrated Framework” as revised in 2013 (the “Framework”). The Framework features 17
principles across the 5 components, all of which must be present, functioning and operating in an integrated manner in order
to effectively reduce risk to an acceptable level. The Framework requires judgement in designing, implementing and conducting
internal control, and in assessing its effectiveness. There is no one-size-fits-all approach in designing a Risk Management and
Internal Control system.

The Company’s Risk Management and Internal Control Assessment is carried out at least once per year. The Internal Audit
team will work with the responsible line management together to review their responsible operations. All major changes will be
followed up and highlighted in the final report.

One key component of the Framework featured in the report is Risk Assessment, including Fraud Risk Assessment will be
conducted by both the responsible line management and Internal Audit team. The major risks will be identified and classified
into 9-box matrix by their impact ranging from severe/critical to limited/minor, and probability from low to high. How to manage
the risks and their latest status will be followed up and documented for future reference.

The internal control system comprises a well-defined organizational structure and comprehensive policies and standards.
Responsibilities of each business and operational unit are clearly defined to ensure effective authority delegation and proper
segregation of duties.

Firstly, the Internal Audit team tailors the individual assessment based on previous results. Secondly, the responsible line
management for each major unit should take this opportunity to review how to control the operation and how to deal with
the major risks. Thirdly, the Internal Audit team will analyze and clarify the information gathered with the responsible line
management, if necessary, walk-through exercises and substantive tests may be conducted. Finally, the results of assessment
will be prepared and distributed to all Executive Directors, the Audit Committee and External Auditor for their information.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025         37
Corporate Governance Report

RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL (Continued)
The Audit Committee, which was delegated by the Board, has reviewed and evaluated, via the Internal Audit team, the
effectiveness of the Group’s risk management including ESG risks and internal control systems put in place by management
covering all material controls, including financial, operational and compliance controls as well as risk management functions
of the Company and its subsidiaries for the year ended 31 December 2025. The management considered that the overall risk
management and internal control systems of the Company and its subsidiaries were effective and adequate. The Company will
continue to maintain the adequacy of resources for these key functions in the future.

During the year, there was no incident and deficiency in internal controls being noted regarding the Concrete CCT. At the
request of the Audit Committee, the Internal Audit team carries out regular review and monitoring of the Concrete CCT to
ensure the value of the transaction will not exceed the approved cap and proper internal controls are in place.

During the year, the Internal Audit team conducted systematic reviews of the Group’s risk management and internal control
systems by using a risk-based audit approach and reviewed the effectiveness of the Group’s systems of risk management
and internal control in order to provide reasonable but not absolute assurance of the effectiveness of the systems. The Internal
Audit team had carried out its mission by:

•    identifying and prioritizing potential business risks;

•    performing risk-based audits;

•    evaluating effectiveness of and compliance with internal policies and procedures;

•    analyzing causes for errors and irregularities found;

•    recommending good internal controls to prevent unintentional mistakes, discourage fraudulent acts, and promote
     operational efficiency and ethical standards;

•    performing follow up procedures on corrective actions;

•    appraising the soundness and adequacy of various departments’ ongoing maintenance of internal controls;

•    providing consulting and advisory services on control and related matters;

•    conducting independent investigation of situations raised by whistleblowers, if any; and

•    maintaining open communication with the Chairman, Audit Committee, auditee management and External Auditor.

The risk management and internal control review is carried out by the Internal Audit team, comprising well qualified and
experienced professionals, and the responsible line managers, who are experienced and familiar with their responsible
operations. Such systematic and joint-effort approach will be fine-tuned every year to ensure the best results can be reached.
In addition to the systematic review of the Group’s risk management and internal control system, ad hoc audit will be carried
out to address certain concerns separately, if required.

The Internal Audit team reports directly to the Audit Committee and has free access to review all aspects of the Group’s
activities and control systems. The Internal Audit team reports audit findings together with recommendations to the Audit
Committee on a timely basis upon completion of the relevant audit review. All critical audit findings and control weaknesses are
summarized and presented to the Audit Committee on an annual basis, which in turn reports to the Board.




38     Build King Holdings Limited
                                                                   Corporate Governance Report

QUALITY ASSURANCE, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT
The Group is committed to achieving excellence in Quality, Safety and Environmental Protection. Since 2004, it has adopted
an Integrated Management System, a comprehensive and systematic management approach that incorporates a consistent
set of standards and processes applied uniformly across the Group. This system is regularly reviewed and updated to adapt
to evolving circumstances and comply with new legislation. Continuous monitoring and reporting are conducted at all levels,
supplemented by internal and external audits, to maintain full compliance.

As a testament to its dedication, the Group continues to be accredited under internationally recognised standards, including
ISO 9001:2015, ISO 45001:2018 and ISO 14001:2015. The Group’s relentless pursuit of excellence in quality, safety and
environmental management has been recognised through numerous industry awards. Included below are some of the
recognitions received in 2025.

The 31st Considerate Contractors Site Award Scheme, presented by the Development Bureau of Hong Kong SAR Government,
and the Construction Industry Council

•    Three Considerate Contractors Site Awards (Bronze Award)

•    Five Considerate Contractor Site Awards (Merit Award)

•    Outstanding Environmental Management & Performance Award (Bronze Award)

•    Seven Outstanding Environmental Management & Performance Awards (Merit Award)

•    Innovation Award for Safety and Environmental Excellence (Gold Award)

•    Four Innovation Awards for Safety and Environmental Excellence (Merit Award)

The 24th Hong Kong Occupational Safety and Health Award, presented by the Occupational Safety & Health Council, and the
Labour Department of Hong Kong SAR Government

•    Work Safe Behaviour Award (Merit Award)

•    Safety Culture Award (Bronze Award)

•    Best Program for Work Safety & Health in Hot Weather Award (Gold Award)

•    Safety Performance Award (Excellence Award)

•    Four Safety Performance Awards (Outstanding Award)

•    Rookie Safety Performance Award (Excellence Award)

•    Rookie Safety Performance Award (Outstanding Award)




                                                                                              Annual Report 2025        39
Corporate Governance Report

QUALITY ASSURANCE, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT (Continued)
The Construction Safety Week 2025 - Life First, presented by the Development Bureau of Hong Kong SAR Government, and
the Construction Industry Council

•    “Walk the Talk - Care round-the-clock” Award (Bronze Award)

•    “Walk the Talk - Care round-the-clock” Award (Excellence Award)

•    Four “Walk the Talk - Care round-the-clock” Awards (Merit Award)

•    “Construction Safety – Innovative Technologies” Competition Award (Excellence Award)

•    Three “Construction Safety – Innovative Technologies” Competition Awards (Merit Award)

•    “Frontline Team Safety Performance” Award (Bronze Award)

•    “Frontline Team Safety Performance” Award (Excellence Award)

•    Two “Frontline Team Safety Performance” Awards (Merit Award)

•    “Construction Site Welfare and Facilities for Workers” Award (Silver Award)

•    “Construction Site Welfare and Facilities for Workers” Award (Excellence Award)

•    Two “Construction Site Welfare and Facilities for Workers” Competition Awards (Merit Award)

The HKCA Proactive Safety Contractor Awards 2024, presented by the Hong Kong Construction Association (“HKCA”)

•    Proactive Safety Contractor Award

The Construction Industry Safety Award Scheme 2024/2025, presented by the Labour Department of Hong Kong SAR
Government

•    Safety Teams Category (Bronze Prize)

•    Safety Teams Category (Meritorious Prize)




40     Build King Holdings Limited
                                                                       Corporate Governance Report

QUALITY ASSURANCE, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT (Continued)
The Hong Kong Green Awards 2025, presented by the Green Council

•    Two Environmental, Health and Safety Awards (Large Corporation) (Silver Award)

•    Five Environmental, Health and Safety Awards (Large Corporation) (Bronze Award)

•    Two Environmental, Health and Safety Awards (Large Corporation) (Merit Award)

•    Three Green Management Awards – Project Management (Large Corporation) (Gold Award)

•    Three Green Management Awards – Project Management (Large Corporation) (Silver Award)

•    Seven Green Management Awards – Project Management (Large Corporation) (Bronze Award)

•    Four Green Management Awards – Project Management (Large Corporation) (Merit Award)

•    Innovative Initiative Award (Large Corporation) – High Replicability

•    Innovative Initiative Award (Large Corporation) – Outstanding Impact

•    Sustained Performance 7 years +

•    Two Sustained Performance 5 years +

•    Sustained Performance 4 years +

•    Three Sustained Performance 3 years +

The UNSDG Achievement Awards Hong Kong 2025, presented by the Green Council

•    Ten Recognised Project Awards

The ESG Recognition Scheme 2024, presented by Hong Kong Construction Association

•    Two ESG Contribution Advocate Awards

•    Two Out-Performer Awards

The HKCA Hong Kong Construction Environmental Award 2024 Environmental Merit Award, presented by the Hong Kong
Construction Association

•    Three Environmental Merit Awards

The 2024 Hong Kong Awards for Environmental Excellence, presented by the Environment and Ecology Bureau of Hong Kong
SAR Government and the Environmental Campaign Committee

•    Two Certificates of Merit




                                                                                           Annual Report 2025    41
Corporate Governance Report

QUALITY ASSURANCE, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT (Continued)
The Autodesk Hong Kong BIM Awards 2025, presented by Autodesk

•    BIM Awards

•    Enterprise BIM and Digital Transformation Award

The CICES Award 2025, presented by the Chartered Institution of Civil Engineering Surveyors (“CICES”)

•    Building Contractor of the Year

The Hubexo Asia Award 2025, presented by Hubexo Asia Hong Kong

•    Hubexo Asia Award 2025 (Top 10 Contractors)

The NEC Martin Barnes Awards 2024, presented by the New Engineering Contract (“NEC”)

•    Contractor of the Year (Highly Commended)

The HKIE Civil Division Civil Engineering Excellence Award 2024/25, presented by The Hong Kong Institution of Engineers
(“HKIE”)

•    Silver Award

Throughout the year, the Group has fulfilled its responsibilities as a conscientious corporate entity, demonstrating strong
managerial commitment and professional expertise. Looking ahead, the Group will continue to lead by example, inspiring
employees and subcontractors to further enhance the Group’s performance in quality assurance, safety and environmental
protection.

CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
The Company’s Bye-laws was amended and adopted by the shareholders at the 2023 annual general meeting. The Company
has not made any change to its constitutional documents in 2025. The Company’s Bye-laws is available on the websites of the
Stock Exchange and the Company.

SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
The Board and management shall ensure shareholders’ rights and all shareholders are treated equitably and fairly. Pursuant to
the Bye-laws of the Company, any shareholder entitled to attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company is entitled to
appoint another person as his/her proxy to attend and vote instead of him/her. Shareholders holding not less than one-tenth
of the paid up capital of the Company carrying the right of voting at general meetings of the Company shall at all times have
the right, by written requisition to the Board, to require a special general meeting to be called by the Board for the transaction
of any business specified in such requisition. In addition, shareholders holding not less than one-twentieth of the total voting
rights or not less than 100 shareholders may submit a written request to the Company stating the resolution intended to be
proceeded at the annual general meeting.

Any vote of shareholders at a general meeting must be taken by poll (other than procedural and administrative matters). Voting
results are posted on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange on the day of the general meeting.

Detailed procedures for the shareholders to convene a special general meeting, putting forward proposals at a general meeting
and proposing a person for election as a Director are also available on the website of the Company.




42     Build King Holdings Limited
                                                                     Corporate Governance Report

COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS
The Company is committed to maintaining effective communication with the shareholders and investors. To this end, the
Company maintains an open dialogue with the shareholders and investors through the Company’s financial reports, press
releases and general meetings that may be convened, as well as making available all the disclosures submitted to the
Stock Exchange to provide regular and timely public disclosures on the Company’s operating performance and corporate
developments.

The Board has established a shareholders’ communication policy setting out various channels of communication, with the
objective of enabling the shareholders to assess the Company’s overall performance, exercise their rights in an informed
manner and engage actively with the Company.

The Company regards its shareholders’ meeting as an important means of communication with the shareholders in which
the shareholders will be able to have an open dialogue with the Board. The Board members, in particular, the chairmen of
the Board Committees and management executives are available to answer questions of the Group’s business at the annual
general meetings. External auditor also attends the Company’s annual general meetings and addresses queries from the
shareholders relating to the conduct of the audit, and the preparation and content of its auditor’s report.

Apart from holding shareholders’ meeting in hybrid format and implementing e-voting since 2022 annual general meeting,
the Company also endeavours to maintain effective communication with all shareholders through other channels such as
publication of annual and interim reports, announcements and circulars so as to provide extensive information on the Group’s
activities, business strategies and developments, and financial position. Such information is also available on the websites of
the Company and the Stock Exchange.

Shareholders are also provided with contact details of the Company, such as telephone hotline, fax number, email address and
postal address, to enable them to make any queries or comments on the Company at any time.

The Board has reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the shareholders’ communication policy. As there are various
channels of communication available for the shareholders, the Board considered that the shareholders’ communication policy
is effective.

DIVIDEND POLICY
The Company has adopted a Dividend Policy. It aims to provide shareholders with stable and sustainable returns.

In proposing any dividend payout, the Board shall take into account, inter alia, the Group’s financial condition, working
capital requirements and future expansion plans, actual operations and liquidity position, the Company’s retained earnings,
distributable reserves and cash flow situation, general economic condition and other factors that the Board considers
appropriate.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025        43
Environmental, Social and Governance Report

Dear shareholders,

On behalf of the Board of Directors (“the Board”) of Build King Holdings Limited (“Build King” or “the Company”), I am pleased
to present our tenth Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) Report, covering the period from 1 January 2025 to 31
December 2025. This report reflects our continued commitment to transparency, accountability and responsible business
practices.

At Build King, we recognise the importance of strong governance, carbon visibility, and continuous innovation to support
long-term resilience. Guided by our core values of integrity, innovation, and professionalism, we remain dedicated to creating
lasting value for our stakeholders while contributing to a more sustainable future for our people, our communities, and the
environment. These principles guide our decisions and shape our response to the evolving demands of our industry.

In 2025, we established a Board-level ESG Committee to provide strategic oversight of ESG matters, including climate
management, and sustainability performance. This governance enhancement reflects our commitment to embedding
sustainability at the highest levels of decision-making. We also introduced ESG training across the organisation to raise
awareness and build internal capacity, ensuring our leadership and employees are equipped to drive climate-conscious and
sustainable project delivery.

We also advanced our climate strategy by identifying key climate risks and opportunities, and improving the measurement of
Scope 3 emissions across our value chain. These steps help us build a stronger foundation for future planning and engagement
with our supply chain.

Throughout the year, we deepened our engagement with stakeholders to better understand their evolving expectations. An
updated materiality assessment, conducted with support from an independent third party, enabled us to focus on the ESG
issues most relevant to both our business and our stakeholders.

On behalf of the Board, I extend my sincere appreciation to our management teams and employees for their dedication to
delivering on our sustainability commitments in 2025.




Zen Wei Peu, Derek
Chairman

Hong Kong, 26 March 2026




44     Build King Holdings Limited
                                        Environmental, Social and Governance Report

ABOUT THIS REPORT                                                                 FEEDBACK
This Report focuses on our core operations in Hong Kong, where we serve
as a main contractor delivering comprehensive construction-related services.      For further information regarding our Group
Our client base includes Hong Kong government departments, quasi-                 and the ESG Report, please refer to the
governmental bodies, institutions, and private developers. Due to variations in   hyperlinks below:
reporting standards across regions, this Report does not include information
on our environmental infrastructure projects in Mainland China.
                                                                                  Corporate Website:
The Report outlines our environmental, social, and governance (“ESG”)
performance and initiatives, along with the relevant Key Performance              https://www.buildking.hk
Indicators (“KPIs”), covering the period from 1 January 2025 to 31 December
2025. Detailed disclosures can be found on pages 85 to 87.                        ESG Report:

This Report has been prepared with reference to both local and internationally
                                                                                  https://www.buildking.hk/sustainability/
recognized reporting frameworks, including Appendix C2 of the Main
                                                                                  corporate-responsibility/esg
Board Listing Rules issued by The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
(“HKEX ESG Code”). A summary of key performance data is provided in the
                                                                                  We value your opinion and feedback on our
Performance Data Summary 2025 section. Additionally, a content index is
                                                                                  ESG Report, and welcome your suggestions
included at the end of the Report to help readers navigate the document and
                                                                                  on how we could further enhance our
to demonstrate alignment with the HKEX ESG Code.
                                                                                  performance.

                                                                                  Contact information:

                                                                                  Address: 6/F, Tower B,
                                                                                           Manulife Financial Centre,
                                                                                           223 Wai Yip Street, Kwun Tong,
                                                                                           Kowloon, Hong Kong
                                                                                  Email:   info@buildking.hk




                                                                                                Annual Report 2025         45
Environmental, Social and Governance Report

OUR ESG MANAGEMENT
Corporate Governance
We uphold the highest standards of corporate governance, aligning with the Corporate Governance Code (“CG Code”) under
Appendix C1 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. The Board has
delegated specific responsibilities and authorities to four Board Committees: the Audit Committee, Nomination Committee,
Remuneration Committee, and the newly established Environmental, Social and Governance Committee, each tasked with
overseeing key governance areas.

Further information on our governance framework is available under the Corporate Governance Report section on pages 25 to
43.

ESG Governance
                                                                                  ESG Governance Structure
The Board holds ultimate responsibility for the Group’s ESG
strategy, oversight and disclosure. It provides strategic guidance                          THE BOARD
on ESG matters, including climate-related risks and opportunities,
key business activities and risk management processes.                 ‧Provides strategic oversight of ESG and climate policies
                                                                       ‧Oversees risk management and decision-making on
In 2025, the Board strengthened ESG governance by establishing          ESG matters and climate resilience
a Board-level ESG Committee. Comprising four Independent Non-
executive Directors and one Executive Director, the Committee
oversees the development and execution of the Group’s ESG
strategy, goals and targets. It reviews ESG and climate-related
                                                                                        ESG COMMITTEE
policies, monitors climate-related risk management, and supports
integrating ESG considerations into the Group’s operations. The        ‧Reviews and recommend enhancements to the ESG
Committee meets annually and reports directly to the Board,             strategy in alignment with regulatory expectations and
providing updates and recommendations on ESG initiatives and            stakeholder interests
disclosures.                                                           ‧Integrates climate considerations into business planning
                                                                        and risk frameworks
At the operational level, the Board has established a Sustainability   ‧Monitors ESG targets and performance, and reports to
Division responsible for managing the Group’s day-to-day ESG            the Board on progress and risks
and climate-related activities. This dedicated team reports to         ‧Reviews the adequacy of ESG-related resources and
the ESG Committee and works closely with various operating              training
departments, including the Business Department, Human
Resources Department, Procurement Department, Safety &
Environment Department, Finance Department, Administration
Department and Training & Development Department, to
                                                                                  SUSTAINABILITY DIVISION
implement ESG policies tailored to each departments’ roles and
responsibilities.
                                                                       ‧Led by dedicated sustainability personnel

To strengthen ESG oversight, the Group engaged an external             ‧Manages operational ESG-related matters and supports
                                                                        cross-departmental coordination
consultant in 2025 to provide ESG and climate-related training to
the Board and the ESG Committee. The training covered emerging
ESG trends, HKEX’s enhanced climate disclosure requirements
and market best practices supported by relevant case studies.




46     Build King Holdings Limited
                                            Environmental, Social and Governance Report

OUR ESG MANAGEMENT (Continued)
ESG Strategy
We are committed to driving sustainable development through a strategic ESG framework centered around four key focus
areas: Environmental Stewardship, People Wellbeing, Operational Excellence, and Ethics & Governance. These focus areas
form the foundation of our approach to long-term value creation and sustainable growth.

Our ESG strategy is aligned with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). We have identified eight priority
SDGs that are most relevant to our business and have embedded them across our four ESG focus areas to support structured
planning, align business practices with global priorities, and enhance overall ESG performance.




                 Environmental Stewardship                                         People Wellbeing
                Ensuring responsible resource management                     Fostering a safe, inclusive, and thriving
                             and climate action                            workplace, while caring for the community




                                                                  ESG
                                                                Strategy

                    Operational Excellence                                       Ethics & Governance
                Driving efficiency and cutting-edge solutions              Upholding transparency, accountability, and
                                                                                  integrity across all operations




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025   47
Environmental, Social and Governance Report

OUR ESG MANAGEMENT (Continued)
Stakeholder Engagement and Materiality Assessment
Stakeholder Engagement
We proactively engage a diverse range of stakeholders, including customers, business partners, employees, supply chain
partners, and academia, to understand their expectations, priorities, and perspectives. These insights are critical to shaping
ESG strategies that create shared value and address material ESG topics effectively.

In 2025, we conducted engagement through one-on-one interviews and online surveys, gathering valuable input on ESG topics
most important to our stakeholders and the long-term success of our business.

Materiality Assessment
To ensure our ESG strategy remains dynamic and relevant, we conduct a comprehensive materiality assessment every three
years. This process enables us to stay aligned with evolving stakeholder expectations, regulatory developments, and global
sustainability standards.

In 2025, we completed our most recent materiality assessment using a structured three-step approach:



             Identification                            Prioritisation                             Validation

     ESG topics were identified based on      Internal and external stakeholders        Findings were reviewed by the
     stakeholder input, industry              contributed feedback via surveys          ESG Committee.
     benchmarks, peer review and global       and interviews. Topics were then
     standards (e.g. HKEX ESG Code,           prioritised based on their potential
     GRI, ISSB, TCFD).                        impact on the Group and
                                              stakeholders.




48      Build King Holdings Limited
                                                                 Environmental, Social and Governance Report

OUR ESG MANAGEMENT (Continued)
Stakeholder Engagement and Materiality Assessment (Continued)
Materiality Assessment (Continued)
Based on the materiality assessment findings, we have identified five highly material topics, which are positioned in the top-
right quadrant of the materiality matrix.




                                                                                            Materiality Matrix

                                     6

                                                                                                                                                                    Anti-corruption
                                   5.8
                                                                                                                       Occupational Safety and Health

                                                                                                                                    Critical Incident Risk
                                                                                                                                    Responsiveness
                                   5.6                                                                                                                                   Compliance


                                                                                                                   Employee Engagement
                                                                                  Training and Development
                                   5.4                                                     Labour Standards
                                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance




     Importance to stakeholders
                                                                                               Data Security
                                                                                                                                       Products and Services Quality Management
                                                                                                  Water
                                                                                       Air Emissions                                         Recruitment and Retention
                                   5.2
                                                                                     Green Building                                       Innovative Technology
                                                                                                  Noise                                   Industry influence
                                                                  Climate Change and Extreme                                Effluents and Waste
                                     5                                     Weather                                        Well-being
                                                                                                                    Internal Grievance Mechanism
                                                                                       Energy
                                                                                                                 Stakeholder Engagement and
                                                              Green Procurement                                           Partnership
                                   4.8
                                                                                                Diversity and Equal Opportunities
                                                                   Materials

                                   4.6                                                      Supply Chain Management

                                                                     Community investment


                                   4.4



                                   4.2
                                      4.2          4.4         4.6             4.8                5             5.2                 5.4               5.6              5.8            6

                                                                                        Importance to the Group



                                  Environmental Stewardship              People Wellbeing                      Operational Excellence                          Ethics & Governance




                                                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025                49
Environmental, Social and Governance Report

OUR ESG MANAGEMENT (Continued)
Stakeholder Engagement and Materiality Assessment (Continued)
Materiality Assessment (Continued)
                             Summary of Material ESG Issues by Key Focus area

Key Focus Areas                Material Issues

Environmental Stewardship      Air Emissions
                               Energy
                               Noise
                               Effluents and Waste
                               Water
                               Materials
                               Green Building
                               Climate Change and Extreme Weather

People Wellbeing               Recruitment and Retention
                               Occupational Safety and Health
                               Training and Development
                               Labour Standards
                               Employee Engagement
                               Diversity and Equal Opportunities
                               Well-being
                               Community Investment
                               Stakeholder Engagement and Partnership

Operational Excellence         Supply Chain Management
                               Green Procurement
                               Industry Influence
                               Innovative Technology
                               Products and Services Quality Management
                               Data Security

Ethics & Governance            Compliance
                               Corporate Governance
                               Anti-corruption
                               Internal Grievance Mechanism
                               Critical Incident Risk Responsiveness




50    Build King Holdings Limited
                                       Environmental, Social and Governance Report

ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP
Climate Change
During the reporting period, the Group strengthened the climate-related disclosure capabilities around four pillars: Governance,
Risk Management, Strategy, and Metrics and Targets, in alignment with HKEX reporting requirements. These ongoing efforts
enhance our resilience to emerging climate risks and reinforce our foundation for meeting evolving disclosure standards and
advancing sustainable business practices.

Climate-related Governance
The Group has integrated climate-related governance into its overall ESG governance framework to ensure climate
considerations are systematically embedded in its core business strategy, resource allocation, and executive decision-making.
For more details, please refer to the section titled “ESG Governance” on page 46.

Climate-related Risk Management
The Group has fully integrated climate-related risk and opportunities into our enterprise risk management framework. Climate-
related topics are systematically identified, assessed, prioritised and monitored using the same methodology as other enterprise
risks, and are treated as transversal risks due to their potential to impact multiple business functions and operations.


                                             Our Risk Management Framework


                    1. Risk Identification                                          2. Risk Assessment

              Identify risks and opportunities that                           Evaluate identified risks based on
               may affect the Group’s objectives,                               likelihood and severity, each
          including ESG and climate-related factors.                               scored on a 1–5 scale.




                    3. Risk Prioritisation                                         4. Risk Management

              Develop a risk matrix to rank risks.                            Apply control measures, monitor
              High-priority risks are escalated for                          effectiveness, and update regularly.
            senior management review and action.                                All risks and opportunities are
                                                                               documented in a Risk Register.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025         51
Environmental, Social and Governance Report

ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP (Continued)
Climate Change (Continued)
Climate-related Risk Management (Continued)
To assess these risks and opportunities, the Group has established a dedicated climate risk assessment process and
management mechanisms. During the reporting period, a materiality assessment of climate-related risks and opportunities was
conducted for our Hong Kong operations. This involved internal engagement, industry research and peer benchmarking to
identify relevant physical and transition risks, climate hazards, and potential opportunities.

Risks are prioritised using a 1-5 scoring matrix, based on likelihood and severity, aligned with the Group’s risk and opportunity
assessment framework. Impacts are considered across short-, medium- and long-term horizons, factoring in financial,
operational, and reputational implications. This process is informed by engagement with our senior management and
management staff.

Climate-related risks and opportunities are regularly reviewed and updated through the Group’s risk and opportunity
management processes. These are embedded in strategic planning and operational oversight to ensure climate considerations
are integrated across functions. Control measures are monitored through regular reviews with assessments updated as
needed.

The Group has not yet conducted climate scenario analysis during the reporting year. As part of its ongoing enhancement of
climate risk management, the Group plans to incorporate scenario analysis into future assessments of climate-related risk and
opportunities.

Climate-related Strategy
Climate-related Risks and Opportunities
Climate change presents both physical and transition challenges that may affect the Group’s operations and long-term
resilience. In response, the Group integrates climate-related considerations into our strategic planning to support business
continuity and enhance competitiveness.

During the reporting period, the Group identified and assessed climate-related risks and opportunities that could potentially
impact our cash flow, access to finance, and cost of capital across three time horizons: short-term (2025-2027), medium-term
(2028-2030), and long-term (beyond 2030). These timeframes are aligned with the Group’s overall strategic planning cycles.

The table below summarises the material physical and transition climate-related risks and opportunities relevant to our
business. It also describes their potential impacts on our business model and value chain, along with the key measures
implemented to manage or mitigate them effectively.




52     Build King Holdings Limited
                                      Environmental, Social and Governance Report

ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP (Continued)
Climate Change (Continued)
Climate-related Strategy (Continued)
Climate-related Risks and Opportunities (Continued)


                             Summary Table of Climate-related Risks and Opportunities

                                                                  Effects on our                Mitigation actions
                                                                  business model and            (including but not
Category             Risk/Opportunity              Time horizon   value chain                   limited to)

Physical Risk        Extreme Weather               Short to       Operational delays, site      Strengthen weather
                                                   long term      damage, supply chain          protocols, emergency
                     (e.g. typhoons, heavy rain,                  disruption and safety         plans, and site risk
                     flooding, extreme heat)                      risks                         assessments

Transition Risk      Policy and Regulatory         Short to       Higher compliance             Monitor policy changes
                     Changes                       long term      costs and exposure to         and enhance compliance
                                                                  emissions-related pricing     systems
                     (e.g. carbon pricing,
                     environmental regulations)

                     Low-Carbon Transition         Short to       Increased costs, supply       Assess low-carbon
                                                   medium term    chain and integration         options, train staff, and
                     (e.g. technology, material                   issues, rising material       align procurement with
                     cost, market expectations)                   prices                        climate goals

                     Reputation and                Short-term     Competitive                   Enhance ESG disclosure
                     Stakeholder Expectations                     disadvantage and              and engage stakeholders
                                                                  limited access to             actively
                                                                  projects opportunities if
                                                                  expectations are unmet

Opportunities        Energy and Resource           Medium to      Lower costs, reduced          Expand energy-saving
                     Efficiency                    long-term      resource use, better          tools and monitor usage
                                                                  environmental
                                                                  performance

                     Sustainable Infrastructure    Short to       Competitive edge              Promote low-carbon
                     and Design                    long term      and improved climate          methods, integrate
                                                                  resilience                    resilience planning, and
                     (e.g. renewables, resilient                                                use clean energy
                     design, green building
                     demand)




                                                                                              Annual Report 2025            53
Environmental, Social and Governance Report

ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP (Continued)
Climate Change (Continued)
Climate-related Strategy (Continued)
Business Model and Value Chain
During the reporting period, we assessed the current effects of climate-related risks and opportunities on our business model
and value chain. Based on this analysis, we concluded that the impacts remain insignificant at this stage as our existing
mitigation and adaption measures have proven effective.

As we continue developing our capabilities to manage climate-related factors, we plan to conduct scenario analysis to assess
potential future impacts and further enhance the resilience of our business model and value chain.

Strategy and Decision-making
The Group considers climate-related risks and opportunities in its strategic and operational planning. We currently integrate
low-carbon and climate resilience considerations into project planning and operations.

Although the Group has not yet established a formal climate transition plan, our ongoing actions across operations, such
as energy efficiency, low-carbon procurement, and climate risk adaptation, are laying the foundation for a future transition
roadmap.

Efforts to achieve our climate-related environmental goals are detailed in Metrics and Targets section. Resource availability
is monitored internally and is currently sufficient to support adaptation and mitigation. The Group has also established a
Board-level ESG Committee responsible for reviewing ESG-related resources, training programmes, staff competencies, and
recommending improvements to the Board.

Financial Position, Financial Performance and Cash Flows
The Group recognises the potential current and future financial implications of climate-related risks and opportunities.

•    Current Financial Effect

     During the reporting period, the Group reviewed the financial effects of the climate-related issues identified above.
     Measures implemented to address extreme heat, including the provision of cooling shelters, industrial and portable fans,
     water mist systems, and cooling vests for site workers, were incorporated into our standard health and safety practices.
     These initiatives did not have a significant impact on the Group’s financial position, performance, or cash flows.

     No significant adjustments to the carrying value of assets or liabilities are anticipated in the next reporting period as a
     result of the identified climate-related factors.

•    Anticipated Financial Effect

     As the Group continues to strengthen our capabilities in managing climate-related risks and opportunities, we plan to
     conduct climate-related scenario analysis, to assess potential financial impacts over the short-, medium- and long-term.
     This will include: i) changes to our financial position by considering any future investment and disposal plans and planned
     sources of funding; and ii) changes to our financial performance and cash flows.

     We will continue to monitor market developments and evolving approaches for estimating anticipated financial effects and
     we aim to provide further details in future disclosures.




54     Build King Holdings Limited
                                       Environmental, Social and Governance Report

ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP (Continued)
Climate Change (Continued)
Climate-related Strategy (Continued)
Climate Resilience
The Group recognises the importance of assessing the climate resilience of our business strategy and business model to
climate-related changes, developments and uncertainties, by focusing on the climate-related risks and opportunities identified
above.

Metrics and Targets
Greenhouse Gas Emissions
In 2025, the Group broadened our Scope 3 emission disclosures to include: Category 1 (Purchased Goods and Services),
Category 2 (Capital Goods) and Category 5 (Waste Generated in Operations). These categories are among the most significant
emissions sources in the construction sector.

We remains committed to minimising our carbon footprint across all stages of the value chain, including planning, design,
execution, commissioning, operation, management, and maintenance. Our decarbonisation approach targets carbon reduction,
energy efficiency, and material recycling, and we are continually reviewing and updating interim and long-term targets in
alignment with our evolving business strategy.

For more information on environmental performance, please refer to the Performance Data Summary 2025 of this report.

Capital Deployment
The Group continued to allocate resources to initiatives responding to climate-related risks and opportunities during the
reporting year. These included investment in electrified plant and equipment, battery energy storage systems, electric/
hybrid vehicles and renewable energy equipment, as well as maintenance of solar panels and research and development on
sustainable materials and clean energy. The related capital expenditure was not significant to the Group’s financial position
during the reporting period.

Resource Stewardship and Pollution Control
Environmental Policy
The Group’s Environmental Policy serves as a framework for setting the Group’s environmental objectives and is reviewed and
updated periodically as part of our Environmental Management System (“EMS”). We are dedicated to delivering professional
engineering services in compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations, striving to minimise any nuisance to the
public. In addition to providing information, training, and resources to support sustainable development, we require employees
and subcontractors to manage their work in accordance with the Group’s Environmental Policy and applicable environmental
requirements.

To proactively manage potential environmental impacts arising from construction activities, we conduct an environmental
aspects evaluation before project commencement and update it as the project progresses or when site conditions change. The
evaluation considers key activities involved in delivering the works such as design development, procurement, transportation,
and construction, assesses potential environmental risks and their significance, and identifies the control and mitigation
measures needed to reduce and manage any remaining risk. These measures are incorporated into our work planning and on-
site implementation, supported by routine inspections and monitoring.

Furthermore, the Group engages external auditors to conduct annual ISO audits, ensuring that construction activities comply
with the environmental management system ISO 14001:2015.



                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025        55
Environmental, Social and Governance Report

ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP (Continued)
Resource Stewardship and Pollution Control (Continued)
Project-Specific Environmental Management Plans (EMP)
Given the diverse nature of our projects, each project is required to develop a project-specific Environmental Management Plan
(“EMP”). Overseen by the project management team, the EMP sets out the project’s environmental management approach,
including roles and responsibilities, applicable requirements, key environmental aspects and potential impacts (such as air
quality, noise, and water quality), control procedures, monitoring and inspection arrangements, and reporting and follow-up
actions.

To strengthen the environmental awareness among frontline staff, all relevant personnel attend induction training covering the
Group’s environmental targets and relevant legislation. Toolbox talks are also conducted regularly to reinforce good practices
and site control procedures for different work activities. In addition, the environmental management team conducts weekly site
inspections to ensure that the required environmental measures are in place and operating effectively. Where non-compliance
is identified, corrective actions are implemented promptly and findings are reviewed in subsequent environmental management
meetings to drive continual improvement.

Energy Management and Decarbonisation
The Group is committed to reducing our carbon footprint through continuous improvements in energy efficiency and the
gradual adoption of low-carbon and renewable energy technologies. To support renewable energy use, we have installed solar
panels at site offices and participated in CLP’s Feed-in Tariff Scheme. We also deployed various renewable energy applications
to support day-to-day site operations, including mosquito traps, warning lights, traffic signage, and automatic misting systems.
These measures help reduce carbon emissions, improve energy efficiency and enhance site environmental performance.

In addition, the Group has progressively implemented smart Battery Energy Storage Systems (“BESS”) across our projects
to enhance energy efficiency and support site-level power management by balancing power supply and demand, supporting
power stability, and facilitating integration of renewable energy. Where it replaces diesel-powered equipment, BESS contributes
to quieter operations, improved air quality, and more sustainable site performance.

                                                               Efforts are also underway to transition from diesel-powered
                                                               machinery to electric alternatives. This includes deploying
                                                               electric vehicles (EVs) and electrified construction equipment,
                                                               which help reduce direct emissions and contribute to lower-
                                                               carbon operations where implemented.

                                                               In 2025, the Group introduced electric mining trucks to replace
                                                               traditional diesel-powered models. These electric trucks
                                                               eliminate point-of-use emissions, including carbon monoxide
                                                               (CO), nitrogen oxides (NOx), particulate matter (PM), and
                                                               hydrocarbons (HC). They also deliver higher energy efficiency
                                                               due to improved energy conversion compared to internal
                                                               combustion engines.




56     Build King Holdings Limited
                                        Environmental, Social and Governance Report

ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP (Continued)
Resource Stewardship and Pollution Control (Continued)
Sustainable Use of Resources and Waste Management
Digital Solutions for Resource Efficiency in Construction
The Group promotes the efficient use of resources by integrating digital tools and best practices across the project life cycle.

Building Information Modelling (“BIM”) is widely adopted to enhance design accuracy and reduce the need for rework or late-
stage changes. This improves material estimates, minimises waste generation, and helps prevent construction delays.

We also set waste management targets and encourage active staff participation. The table below illustrates how our resources
and waste management system is embedded throughout each project phase.

Project Cycle          Actions Taken

Design and             •     Accurately estimate the construction material required by using software and detailed
Planning Stage               calculations.
                       •     Review original design provided by clients to identify opportunities for cost savings and alternative
                             designs.
                       •     Identify sustainable disposal grounds for waste.
                       •     Maximise reuse of treated contaminated soil on-site.

Construction           •     Develop efficient and well-designed site layout and logistics plan and identify suitable storage
Stage                        area to minimize waste and prevent unnecessary disposal.
                       •     Establish on-site facilities for sorting and recycling general and construction wastes.
                       •     Prioritise the use of used or salvaged materials.
                       •     Utilise surplus materials where possible to minimise waste.
                       •     Transform excavated rock into aggregates for reuse.
                       •     Facilitate cross-site materials transfers to avoid unnecessary disposal.
                       •     Ensure proper handling and disposal of all chemical wastes throughout the storage, collection,
                             transportation and disposal stages.
                       •     Incorporate environmentally certified materials, such as Forest Stewardship Council (“FSC”) or
                             American Forest & Paper Association (“AFPA”) certified timber.
                       •     Provide regular training sessions for construction workers to promote awareness and adoption of
                             sustainable practices.


To further reduce construction and demolition (C&D) waste and chemical waste, the Group has implemented a comprehensive
waste management system focused on promoting recycling and reuse. At the Tung Chung New Town Extension project, an
in-house Electronic Trip Ticket System (“ETTS”) was developed to manage the internal transfer of excavated and fill materials,
avoiding disposal to public fill banks or sorting facilities.

Replacing manual records, the cloud-based ETTS uses GPS, Artificial Intelligence (“AI”) enabled cameras, vehicle recognition,
and weighbridge data to track material movement in real time. This reduces paper use, manpower, and human error through
automated and traceable workflows. A mobile app allows drivers to input trip details, upload photos, and monitor deliveries,
improving coordination and transparency. The system also blocks unregistered vehicles to help prevent unauthorised dumping.

By digitising logistics and going paperless, ETTS improves operational efficiency and supports our sustainability goals. The
system earned the Green Council’s Innovative Initiative Award (Large Corporation) – Outstanding Impact.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025          57
Environmental, Social and Governance Report

ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP (Continued)
Resource Stewardship and Pollution Control (Continued)
Sustainable Use of Resources and Waste Management (Continued)
Recycling and Reuse
The Group recognises effective waste management and circular economy principles as essential to our environmental
stewardship. We promote recycling and reuse practices across both our office operations and construction activities to support
responsible resource use and minimise waste generation.

Within our office operations, we actively encourage staff to participate in comprehensive recycling and reuse initiatives that
extend product lifecycles. Our Information Technology (“IT”) equipment recycling programme demonstrates this commitment.
Items including toner and ink cartridges, computers and associated accessories are systematically recycled through established
Computer and Communication Products Recycling Programmes, aligned with industry’s best practices. Additionally, we amplify
our positive environmental and social impact by donating functional IT equipment to accredited charitable organisations, which
supports communities in need while reducing landfill waste.

Beyond office practices, the Group also implements extensive recycling and reuse measures at our construction sites.
Recycling facilities are provided on-site to enable the segregation of construction waste, including plastics, metals, timbers and
other materials, to facilitate proper recycling. Where feasible, excavated soil is reused through internal transfers for application
in other projects, accounting for approximately 28% of the Group’s total excavation volume. This approach reduces waste
disposal, lowers demand for virgin materials, and enhances resource efficiency across projects.

These initiatives reflect the Group’s holistic approach to circular resource management, which reinforces our commitment to
sustainable business practices, environmental responsibility, and long-term value creation for future generations.

Chemical Waste Management
We have developed a comprehensive waste management plan that clearly outlines the classification, handling, and disposal
processes for chemical waste to minimise its generation. Regular chemical training and drills are conducted for workers to
enhance their awareness and operational skills. Additionally, designated storage areas have been established on-site, with
regular inspections conducted to monitor the usage of chemicals. The collection of chemical waste is handled by licensed
waste collectors, ensuring compliance with legal requirements.

Effluent and Water Management
The Group actively promotes the use of recycled water through collecting rainwater, treated greywater and wastewater.
This recycled water is utilized for non-potable applications at construction sites, including dust suppression, wheel washing,
irrigation, and toilet flushing.

To improve potable water efficiency, flow controllers have been installed on taps to reduce water consumption without affecting
user functions.

In 2025, the Group recorded zero convictions under the Water Pollution Control Ordinance, indicating effective wastewater
management and compliance with environmental regulations.




58     Build King Holdings Limited
                                      Environmental, Social and Governance Report

ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP (Continued)
Resource Stewardship and Pollution Control (Continued)
Air Quality Management
                                                              In 2025, the Group also recorded zero convictions under the Air
                                                              Pollution Control Ordinance, meeting the internal target of fewer
                                                              than five cases annually. This reflects the effectiveness of the
                                                              Group’s environmental management system.

                                                              To strengthen on-site air quality control, the Group has explored the
                                                              use of AI-monitored automatic wheel-washing systems to reduce
                                                              both dust emissions and water consumption. Such a system was
                                                              deployed at the Tung Chung New Town Extension Project, where
                                                              AI cameras detect soil buildup on vehicle wheels and activate high-
                                                              pressure nozzles only when needed. The system uses recycled
                                                              water from sedimentation tanks in a closed-loop cycle.

This setup helps minimise potable water use, reduces energy consumption, and lowers particulate matter emissions, while
ensuring cleaner public roads. Where implemented, the system has delivered water savings and was not associated with any
mud-related complaints.

Noise Management
                           The Group places strong emphasis on minimising construction noise impacts on surrounding
                           communities. Advanced noise mitigation technologies and best practices are adopted to ensure
                           regulatory compliance. In 2025, the Group recorded zero convictions under the Noise Control
                           Ordinance, indicating effective noise control measures.

                           At the Tung Chung New Town Extension
                           project, Magnetic Tuned Mass Dampers
                           (“MTMD”) were deployed to reduce
                           noise and vibration from sheet piling
                           near residential areas. Operating within
                           a confined 1,500 m² site and within 20
                           metres of noise-sensitive receivers, on-
                           site monitoring indicated that the adoption
                           of MTMD achieved vibration reductions of
                           9–14 dB in the 630–1,250 Hz range and
                           noise reductions of approximately 7 dB(A).

The MTMD system is lightweight, quick to install, and easy to operate, making it suitable for urban construction environments.
The initiative was recognised by the Environmental Protection Department and continues to be used. This initiative also
received the Innovative Initiative Award (Large Corporation) – Best Approach for its demonstrated environmental benefits.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025           59
Environmental, Social and Governance Report

ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP (Continued)
Resource Stewardship and Pollution Control (Continued)
Sustainable Infrastructure
The Group is strongly committed to advancing green building technologies and integrating sustainable development practices
across our operations. As part of our core sustainability strategy, we embed environmental considerations throughout the
entire project lifecycle, from planning and design to construction and operation, to reduce carbon emissions, enhance resource
efficiency, and improve occupant well-being.

Our projects have consistently achieved both local and international green building certifications, including BEAM Plus (Building
Environmental Assessment Method), LEED (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design), WELL Building Standard, and
CGBL (China Green Building Label). These certifications reflect our continued commitment to delivering high-performance
buildings that meet rigorous environmental, health, and sustainability standards. As of 2025, over 20 active projects are
pursuing certification under BEAM Plus, LEED, WELL, and/or CGBL, further strengthening our green building portfolio.

In addition, more than 30 of our projects have participated in the Carbon Smart Construction Site Labelling Scheme, launched
by the Hong Kong Construction Association (“HKCA”) in 2025. This initiative promotes low-carbon site practices, and our
active participation demonstrates our dedication to supporting industry-level climate action and carbon-conscious construction
management.




60     Build King Holdings Limited
                                      Environmental, Social and Governance Report

PEOPLE WELLBEING
Better Prospects for Our People

Employment Practices
The Group strives to create a safe and healthy workplace, offer career prospects, support personal development and learning
opportunities, and provide attractive incentives to retain our top talents, ensuring the sustainable growth of the Group.

We recognise human capital as one of our most important assets. Having an inclusive, engaged, and skilled workforce is
essential to our success. By upholding fair employment practices and fostering professional development, we aim to create a
work culture that motivates and empowers every employee to be innovative.

We respect the fundamental rights of our employees and are committed to building an equal, diverse, and inclusive working
environment. We provide equal opportunities in all aspects of employment, regardless of gender, race, ethnic origin, marital
status, education level, or disability. In 2025, there was no known report of discrimination by employees within the Group.

The Group complies with local employment legislation and prohibits child, forced, or compulsory labour in all our operations.
These requirements are extended to our suppliers and subcontractors to ensure adherence to legal standards. Regular self-
audits and ad-hoc assessments are conducted to review employment practices and address any control deficiencies. In 2025,
no operations reported any instances of child or forced labour.

Furthermore, the Group respects employees’ legal rights of privacy in compliance with the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance
(Cap. 486) of the Laws of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region when collecting, storing, using, and transmitting
personal data. The Group also requires all staff to place continued emphasis on relevant standards of data security and
confidentiality.

Employees Composition
As of 31 December 2025, the total number of employees was 3,587, representing a decrease of approximately 5% compared
to the previous year. Of the total workforce, the gender ratio was 24% female to 76% male.



                                                             Total Workforce

          4,000

          3,500

          3,000                                                                                        3,784
                                                                                               3,601           3,587
                                                                                       3,390
          2,500                                                                3,222
                                                                       2,922
          2,000
                                                               2,374
          1,500
                                             2,075   2,065
                                     1,860
          1,000              1,693
                     1,419
           500

             0
                     2014    2015    2016    2017    2018       2019   2020    2021    2022    2023    2024    2025




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025     61
Environmental, Social and Governance Report

PEOPLE WELLBEING (Continued)
Better Prospects for Our People (Continued)
Employees Composition (Continued)

        24%                                                                                            21%
      Female                                                      33%                                  <31
                                                                   >50

                        Gender                                                        Age Profile
                        Profile



                                                                                                       28%
                                           76%                      18%                                31-40
                                                                   41-50
                                           Male




                                                      0.4%
                                                    Director

                                                                         14.1%
                                   21%                                   Managerial
                               Temporary


                                                   Professional
                                                      Profile
                                  6.9%
                             Operational
                                                                             31.8%
                                                                             Supervisory
                                      25.8%
                                      General




       22.8%
       Female                                                     35.6%                                  26.7%
                                                                    >50                                  <31

                        Employee                                                        Employee
                      turnover rate                                                    turnover rate
                       (by Gender)                                                       (by Age)




                                                                                                        23%
                                           77.2%                    14.7%                               31-40
                                           Male                      41-50




62    Build King Holdings Limited
                                       Environmental, Social and Governance Report

PEOPLE WELLBEING (Continued)
Better Prospects for Our People (Continued)
Employee Communication
The Group values our employees’ views and maintains ongoing
communication with them through various channels, including
our intranet communication platform, regular departmental
meetings, seminars, and workshops. We also enhanced our
direct engagement efforts by conducting a series of site visits,
provided a valuable platform for site office staff to share their
feedback directly with the HR team, ensuring their voices are
heard and acted upon, thereby strengthening communication
and engagement across all levels of our operations.

We believe these channels help foster dialogues with our
employees, enabling us to gather feedback and exchange
views on the Group’s initiatives and issues. Building on our ongoing commitment to staff engagement, a site visit for Head
Office staff to the iconic United Christian Hospital project was organized by the HR department. This visit provided a firsthand
look at the significant technical and operational challenges our teams overcame, fostering a deeper appreciation for their vital
contributions. The experience served as a meaningful platform to strengthen communication and connection between head
office and frontline operations.

Diversity and Equal Opportunities
Our workforce comprises talents from different nationalities with a diverse range of expertise and backgrounds. We embrace
and value the diversity among our employees, bringing strengthened skill sets and innovative ideas. To support new overseas
staff, we host a familiarisation session to help them transition smoothly into the company culture.

The Group is committed to fair employment practices and ensures equal opportunities in recruitment, promotion, and employee
deployment. Decisions are based on employees’ skills, abilities, and alignment with the job requirements, as well as the future
developmental needs of our businesses. Our recruitment and workplace design processes consider accessibility to ensure we
attract and retain talented individuals from all backgrounds. Our HR policies are designed to be fair and supportive, recognising
the diverse needs of our employees across different life and family stages.

Well-being and Welfare
The Group prioritises the well-being of our employees and remains dedicated to providing a healthy and safe working
environment. In 2025, the Group was once again awarded the Caring Company by the Hong Kong Council of Social Service,
the Supportive Family-friendly Good Employer by Hong Kong Labour Department, and the Best All-round MPF Employer by the
Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Authority.

We are committed to continually improving employees’ healthcare and welfare benefits. In 2025, the Group continued to
provide group medical care benefits to all eligible staff and their eligible dependants, demonstrating our dedication to being a
caring company.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025         63
Environmental, Social and Governance Report

PEOPLE WELLBEING (Continued)
Better Prospects for Our People (Continued)
Training and Development




The Group continues to nurture employees at all levels by providing opportunities to strengthen their job-related professional
skills, as well as their managerial, supervisory, and personal development skills. To support this, the Group offers a broad range
of in-house classroom and e-learning training programmes, as well as externally organised and sponsored training courses.
The Group also provides Bachelor’s and Master’s Degree Education Sponsorship to encourage and foster a culture of lifelong
and continuous learning.

A key training initiative launched in 2025 was the Site Supervisory Skills Training programme. This programme was designed
to establish a clear understanding of the responsibilities, expectations, and challenges faced by site supervisors. It aims
to cultivate the right mindset and professional attitude for on-site leadership and to enhance the interpersonal skills of our
supervisory staff, empowering them to lead their teams more effectively. The training also provided opportunities for our
Directors to have direct conversation with participants, understand their need, and give appropriate feedback. Other training
sessions conducted during the year included topics on BIM, NEC4 ECC Project Manager Accreditation, and Anti-discrimination
Laws.

The Group remains dedicated to developing young talent through structured and targeted programmes.

•    Talent Development Programme: It aims to develop high-potential emerging management staff to become the Group’s
     future leaders. The selected staff are guided and coached by responsible directors according to personalised career and
     development plans tailored to their growth ambitions and professional goals.

•    Graduate Engineer Training Scheme: It is a key programme undertaken by the Group to grow and groom young
     engineers. The programme closely managed and guided to ensure it meets the Hong Kong Institute of Engineers’
     professional requirements, as well as providing our Graduate Engineers appropriate industry exposure and technical
     engineering experience. Various professional assessment preparation workshops are conducted to prepare our Graduate
     Engineers for chartership.

•    Graduate Land Surveyor Programme: It provides a comprehensive and structured training framework to groom young
     land surveyors and equip them with the necessary skills and knowledge to obtain professional qualifications.




64     Build King Holdings Limited
                                        Environmental, Social and Governance Report

PEOPLE WELLBEING (Continued)
Better Prospects for Our People (Continued)
Training and Development (Continued)
•     Graduate Quantity Surveying Programme: This three-year programme provides intensive on-the-job training, project
      rotations and classroom-based training. Mock interviews and presentations are also conducted to prepare trainees for
      the professional assessments of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors/Hong Kong Institute of Surveyors.

•     Apprenticeship Programme: This programme combines on-the-job training with classroom-based education and is
      registered under the Vocational Training Council (“VTC”) or Construction Industry Council (“CIC”) Apprenticeship Training
      Scheme. It covers a broad range of disciplines, including civil engineering, building, building services, quantity surveying,
      mechanical engineering, and air-conditioning.




                                                      2025 Average Training Hours
                                                        (by professional profile)



       General                                                          5.52




    Supervisory                                              4.48




    Managerial                                    3.77


                  0            1           2             3          4           5           6            7           8




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025         65
Environmental, Social and Governance Report

PEOPLE WELLBEING (Continued)
Occupational Health and Safety
Safety and Health Policy
Safety and health considerations are always the top priority of our operation, taking precedence over all other matters.
Our Safety and Health Policy sets out the principles, responsibilities and requirements for managing safety and health risks
across all operations. Recognising the inherent risks in our daily activities, we are committed to maintaining a robust Safety
Management System (“SMS”) and providing a healthy and safe working environment for employees, subcontractors, clients,
the public, and other stakeholders who may be affected by our operations.

The Group ensures a safe and healthy working by maintaining good housekeeping, providing appropriate safety equipment,
implementing protective measures, offering welfare facilities, and delivering relevant information, instruction, training, and
supervision. Safety and health awareness is reinforced through induction, regular communication and engagement, training,
and consultations with employees and subcontractors.

To oversee the implementation and review of SMS measures and related policies, the Group has established a Safety
Management Committee comprising top management and project-in-charges. Relevant responsibilities and authorities are
delegated from the committee to all staff according to their roles and functions.

As part of our SMS, we apply a risk-based approach to our operational activities to identify hazards, assess risks and
implement controls, in line with applicable laws and regulations. Project teams carry out task-specific risk assessments before
work commences and continuously review and update them throughout the works to reflect prevailing site situation and revise
them promptly when work methods, or scope change, so that suitable controls remain effective and are implemented as
planned.

In 2025, the accident frequency rate was 0.05 per 100,000 man-hours worked, compared to the target rate of 0.21, and the
total lost days due to work injuries were 2,579. The Group had one fatal accident in 2023 for the past three years.

Control Mechanisms
The Group implements and maintains safety control mechanisms to monitor and manage the risks associated with site work
involving employees and subcontractors. In addition to the routine site safety inspections conducted by site safety personnel,
we implement corporate-level safety inspection programmes to promote consistency and continual improvement across
projects. Our Cross Site Safety & Environmental Assessment, carried out by Senior Safety & Environment Officers, provides
a platform for sharing good practices and innovative safety measures. It also supports knowledge exchange among Safety &
Environment Officers and Assistant Safety & Environment Officers, strengthening capability across the Group.




66     Build King Holdings Limited
                                      Environmental, Social and Governance Report

PEOPLE WELLBEING (Continued)
Occupational Health and Safety (Continued)
Safety Culture with Innovation
Safety has long been a core value of the Group, deeply embedded across all levels of our operations. In 2025, we strengthened
this commitment by introducing smart technology to modernise how safety is managed on-site. As part of this effort, we
launched an in-house mobile application: “Build Safe”, featuring an AI-powered “Build Safe Smart Safety” AI chatbot. This
integrated solution is designed to enhance safety performance, accountability, and awareness on-site.

Build Safe App

•    Empowers site personnel to actively participate in
     safety management through real-time reporting and a
     performance-based rewards system.
•    Allows users to log both commendable behaviours and
     safety violations by workers and supervisors.
•    Awards points for completing approved safety training or
     tasks. Points can be redeemed for gifts at a designated
     physical rewards counter.
•    Enforces accountability through point deductions for non-
     compliance. For example, relevant parties who accumulate
     15 demerit points are required to self-enrol in CIC’s
     Frontline Worker Safety Performance Improvement Course
     and submit proof of completion to resume site duties.
•    Shares relevant safety performance records with
     CIC Frontline Personnel Safety Performance Record
     Programme to support aligned performance tracking and
     reinforce shared responsibility.

Build Safe Smart Safety Chatbot

•    Provides AI-powered, instant access to safety information and regulatory guidance.
•    Delivers up-to-date information on Labour Department regulations, site safety
     guidelines, and operational procedures.
•    Improves accessibility of safety knowledge, supporting a stronger safety mindset
     and reinforcing a culture of “safety-first” thinking.
•    Actively promoted across all sites to modernise traditional practices and drive a
     proactive, innovation-led safety culture.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2025        67
Environmental, Social and Governance Report

PEOPLE WELLBEING (Continued)
Occupational Health and Safety (Continued)
Smart Site Safety System
Effective planning begins with a comprehensive understanding
of on-site conditions. Recognising this, the Group continues to
implement the Smart Site Safety System (“SSSS”), a data-driven
solution that not only monitors site activities in real time but also
analyses collected safety data to support the development of
site-specific safety strategies.

The Group has successfully deployed all 10 core categories
of SSSS technologies across our construction sites, covering
both public and private contracts. This full-scale implementation
reflects our commitment to leveraging smart technology to drive
proactive safety management.

The system offers 24/7 real-time monitoring of major work zones. Data from sensors and smart devices is continuously
synchronised with a centralised management platform, providing stakeholders with constant visibility into site conditions. When
safety risks or potential hazards are detected, immediate alerts are sent to on-site personnel, prompting timely corrective
action.

Beyond real-time alerts, the platform enables project teams to analyse historical and live data to gain deeper insights into site-
specific risk patterns. This informed understanding allows them to develop targeted safety plans that effectively address the
unique challenges of each project, enhancing overall site safety and operational efficiency.




68      Build King Holdings Limited
                                        Environmental, Social and Governance Report

PEOPLE WELLBEING (Continued)
Caring for Our Community
As a socially responsible and environmentally committed business organisation, we integrate sustainable development
principles into our business practices, safeguarding the environment while maintaining corporate profitability. We actively give
back to society and support people in need, fulfilling our role as a responsible corporate citizen.

Social Responsibility Policy
The Group is firmly committed to upholding integrity and taking responsibility for our stakeholders and local communities. By
actively engaging in and contributing to Hong Kong’s infrastructure development, we ensure that our business adheres to the
highest ethical and legal standards. We strive to foster a culture of volunteerism, encouraging our staff to embrace the spirit of
caring and underscoring the importance of the individual’s contributions in building a harmonious and inclusive society.

We collaborate closely with local communities, dedicating resources to charitable initiatives and educational programmes. Our
efforts focus on four key areas:

• Youth Development
• Education
• Caring for the Elderly and Children
• Caring for the Neighbourhood




 • Youth Club                                                                                   • Contractors Sponsorship Scheme
 • Strategic Talent Sourcing for                                                                • Apprentice Programme
   Future Development
 • HKCA Young Members Society


                                            Youth
                                                                             Education
                                         Development




 • Supporting the Restoration Works                                                             • Fostering Joy and Care at Elderly
   of Lo Pan Temple                                                                               Centres
 • Support “Build and Wish Voluntary                                                            • Spreading Festive Cheer and
   Team”                                                                                          Floral Kindness
 • Engaging the community                                                                       • Lifewire
 • Integrating Animal Welfare into                                         Caring for the       • Science, Technology, Engineer-
   Community Engagement                  Caring for the                                           ing, Arts and Mathematics
                                                                             Elderly &
                                        Neighbourhood
 • Growing Green Together                                                    Children             Workshops & Visits




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025            69
Environmental, Social and Governance Report

PEOPLE WELLBEING (Continued)
Caring for Our Community (Continued)
Youth Development
Youth Club
Since 2016, our Youth Club has provided young engineers a platform for diverse experience sharing and learning. In 2025, the
committee organised various activities including a visit to Hilti experience center, a recurve archery trial, live action role play and
a fishing and BBQ outing. These events fostered team spirit, broadened perspectives, and supported the holistic growth of our
next generation of engineering talent.




Strategic Talent Sourcing for Future Development
To effectively identify and nurture talents, we actively engage with various communities and educational institutions through
a diverse range of outreach programmes. In 2025, we organised and participated in a wide range of engagement activities,
including job fairs, career talks, and talent luncheons to reach out and appeal to a broad audience. We also collaborated with
universities and Vocational and Professional Education and Training (“VPET”) institutions to promote the pursuit of careers in
the construction sector through insights into industry trends and employer expectations.

In delivering our commitment to promoting diversity and inclusion, we extend our talent sourcing and reach out to non-local job
seekers and ethnic minorities to attract skilled professionals who bring fresh perspectives and unique expertise to our projects.

These initiatives form components of a strong pipeline of skilled professionals who are prepared to contribute meaningfully to
the construction industry. By investing in the search for young talent today, we are creating a diverse, dynamic and resilient
workforce for the sustainable future.

HKCA Young Members Society
We remain committed to nurturing young talent in the construction industry through our continued sponsorship and active
involvement with the HKCA Young Members Society (“YMS”). In 2025, young engineers from the Group were encouraged to
participate in YMS-led activities, including networking sessions, technical site visits, and recruitment events. These experiences
helped them connect with peers, engage with industry professionals, and gain hands-on exposure to support their personal
and career development.




70      Build King Holdings Limited
                                       Environmental, Social and Governance Report

PEOPLE WELLBEING (Continued)
Caring for Our Community (Continued)
Education
Contractors Sponsorship Scheme
This year, we continued our partnership with the Hong Kong Institute of Construction (“HKIC”) to sponsor this scheme. In
addition to the monthly sponsorship, applicants were invited to participate in a 3-month site internship programme. The
purpose of the scheme is to create a supportive environment for developing young talent capable of addressing the manpower
challenges in the construction sector and to attract more young professionals to join our organisation.

Apprentice Programme
Our Group continued its collaboration with HKIC and VTC in offering the Apprentice Programme, a hands-on training
programme by Build King aimed at developing a skilled workforce with high quality workmanship. Apprentices work closely with
our skilled trades professionals, gaining practical experience while receiving formal education in their chosen trade. Through
these partnerships, we remain committed to nurturing young talent, contributing to the future of the construction industry.

Caring for the Elderly & Children
Fostering Joy and Care at Elderly Centres
Building on our long-standing commitment to elderly care, the Group further
strengthened its partnerships with various Elderly Centres in 2025, expanding our
outreach through a range of engaging and educational activities tailored to the
needs and interests of senior participants. These programmes were thoughtfully
designed to enhance quality of life through meaningful interaction, wellness
promotion, and lifelong learning.

New initiatives included traditional Chinese medicine workshops, where participants
crafted their own herbal massage hammers, combining hands-on creativity with
health education. We also organised social game sessions, such as Rummikub, to
support cognitive stimulation and encourage social engagement.

Beyond centre-based activities, we arranged a variety of enriching outings, from
watching a movie and a fun-filled day at Ocean Park, to an educational visit to
the Marine Police Headquarters, where seniors learned practical tips on fraud
prevention. These experiences brought not only joy and companionship, but also
opportunities for personal enrichment and a continued passion for discovery and
connection.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2025        71
Environmental, Social and Governance Report

PEOPLE WELLBEING (Continued)
Caring for Our Community (Continued)
Caring for the Elderly & Children (Continued)
Spreading Festive Cheer and Floral Kindness
Throughout 2025, we extended our warmth and care to the elderly through heartfelt home visits, offering not only
companionship but also meaningful connection. Upholding our commitment to seasonal traditions, we shared festive joy by
distributing Lunar New Year blessing bags, celebrating Tuen Ng Festival with the communal sharing of rice dumplings, sharing
mooncakes to celebrate the Mid-Autumn Festival, and delivering gift boxes at Christmas. These initiatives reinforced our
ongoing support and brought comfort, joy, and a sense of belonging to our senior community.

In the spring, following the Hong Kong Flower Show 2025, we brought the beauty of blooms into the heart of the community,
delivering vibrant flowers to local kindergartens and elderly centres across New Territories West. The smiles shared during
these moments reminded us that even the simplest acts of kindness and thoughtfulness can foster connection and brighten
lives.




Lifewire
In 2025, the Group continued its sponsorship of Lifewire, a charitable organisation dedicated to supporting children with rare
diseases. Through our ongoing contribution, we strive to improve the lives of children facing serious medical challenges while
raising public awareness of rare diseases. We believe that sustained support for such important causes not only brings hope to
families in need, but also creates a positive impact on the community and helps foster a more compassionate society.

Science, Technology, Engineering, Arts and Mathematics (“STEAM”) Workshops & Visits
                                                              In 2025, we continued to inspire the next generation by
                                                              promoting engineering careers through a series of interactive
                                                              STEAM workshops and site visits. Students from various local
                                                              schools, from kindergarten to secondary school took part in
                                                              immersive experience that bridge classroom learning with real-
                                                              world engineering applications.

                                                              The programmes featured hands-on DIY activities, visits to
                                                              our project sites and Community Liaison Centres, as well as
                                                              virtual reality simulations showcasing safety scenarios and
                                                              smart construction site technologies. Students also received
                                                              first-hand career insights from our engineers, offering a view of
                                                              opportunities in the industry.

To enhance educational impact, we integrated key concepts of sustainability and green practices, encouraging students
to understand the value of environmental stewardship and to adopt a mindset focused on responsible and sustainable
development.




72     Build King Holdings Limited
                                      Environmental, Social and Governance Report

PEOPLE WELLBEING (Continued)
Caring for Our Community (Continued)
Caring for the Neighborhood
Supporting the Restoration Works of Lo Pan Temple
In 2025, the Group continued to support the restoration of Lo Pan Temple and a fundraising event organized by the Hong
Kong Lo Pan Kwong Yuet Tong. This work aims to help preserve Lo Pan Temple, a designated Grade 1 historic site and Hong
Kong’s only temple dedicated to Lo Pan, reflecting our ongoing commitment to safeguarding cultural heritage.

Support “Build and Wish Voluntary Team”
The “Build and Wish Voluntary Team” is a non-profit charitable organisation composed of dedicated volunteers committed to
serving disadvantaged communities. In 2025, the Group continuously supported the organisation with donation and sponsor
their Homeless Night Food Distribution Programme. We plan to continue this collaboration to assist individuals in need in the
coming year.

Engaging the community
In 2025, we strengthened our connection with the community through a variety of meaningful and heartfelt activities, from
distributing Lo Pan rice meals and running interactive booths at local carnivals, to hosting community movie gatherings and
volunteering to assist those in need with relocation. Each initiative shared a common goal: to spread care and positive energy
through genuine, everyday actions.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2025        73
Environmental, Social and Governance Report

PEOPLE WELLBEING (Continued)
Caring for Our Community (Continued)
Integrating Animal Welfare into Community Engagement
We take meaningful action to meet the diverse needs of our community, extending our care to both people and animals. In
2025, we rescued stray dogs found near our project sites and facilitated their rehoming at the Little Paws Centre, where we
also repaired kennel facilities to improve their living conditions.

In another effort to support animal welfare, we donated benches from Morse Park to a dog shelter in Tai Po, enhancing the
comfort of the shelter’s environment. Each of these initiatives reflects our belief that supporting animal well-being is deeply
connected to building a compassionate and inclusive community.




Growing Green Together
We bring green living to our community through practical and purposeful actions. We painted eco-friendly planters to brighten
common neighbourhood spaces, organised recycling drives for items such as red packets, safety helmets, plastic bottles, and
mooncake tins, and participated in green-themed carnivals with interactive booths to promote sustainable living through fun
and engagement.

Beyond this, we extended our care to nature, joining clean-up activities in Shui Hau, Lantau, and the mangrove forest,
contributing to the protection of local ecosystems and a greener future for all.




74     Build King Holdings Limited
                                        Environmental, Social and Governance Report

PEOPLE WELLBEING (Continued)
Caring for Our Community (Continued)
Building a Caring Culture Through Community Partnership
In 2025, our commitment to community care and volunteerism was recognised through several industry and government
awards, reflecting our continued efforts to promote social well-being and uphold corporate responsibility.

In recognition of our ongoing efforts to foster a caring culture, the Group received the Caring Company Award 2024/25 from
the Hong Kong Council of Social Service, marking the 11th consecutive year of receiving this honour.

Under the Construction Industry Volunteer Award Scheme 2025, jointly presented by the Construction Industry Council and the
Construction Industry Sports & Volunteering Programme (“CISVP”), we received the 2024 Annual CISVP Corporate Award for
Activeness – Entrepreneur Group 2 (Merit Award), the Silver Award for Excellence in Volunteering Collaboration, and the Bronze
Award for Excellence in Volunteering Project. These recognitions highlight our dedication to fostering employee engagement
and building strong, collaborative relationships with the community.

We also received the Social Capital Builder Logo Award from the Home and Youth Affairs Bureau, the 卓越社區合作夥伴獎
from the New Territories Association of Societies (“NTAS”), and multiple commendations under the Hong Kong Volunteer Award
2025, co-presented by the Home and Youth Affairs Bureau and the Agency for Volunteer Service, including being named
among the Top 10 Corporates for Volunteer Hours andreceiving the Corporate Volunteer Hours (Bronze Award). Collectively,
these honours reaffirm our belief that social responsibility is a shared journey that brings together our employees, partners, and
communities to build a more caring, inclusive, and resilient society.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025         75
Environmental, Social and Governance Report

OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE
Products and Services Quality Control
Quality Management
The Group has established an Integrated Management System, further details of which can be found in the section titled “Quality
Assurance, Safety and Environmental Management” on pages 39 to 42.

Under this system, all our employees and subcontractors are required to adhere to the policies and procedures specified in the
Management Manual, Company Procedures, and associated standing instructions, while carrying out their work.

To ensure the system’s effective implementation, we conduct regular internal audits, with quality assurance personnel actively
engaged in our major projects. In addition, external audits are conducted periodically by accredited third parties to verify
compliance with international standards and to drive continuous improvement across our operations.

Research and Development
Our ongoing commitment to innovation and sustainability drives our research and development in construction materials,
sustainable building methods, and alternative energy solutions.

Through collaboration with leading research institutions and the development of an internal innovation team, we continue to
explore environmentally responsible material alternatives that aim to reduce reliance on traditional resources and lower carbon
emissions. In parallel, we are investigating new construction methodologies that promote the reuse of industrial by-products,
contributing to waste reduction and environmental stewardship.

Where appropriate, we pursue opportunities to commercialise our innovations, through patent applications or by integrating
research outcomes into tenders and project delivery. These efforts align sustainability-driven innovation with long-term business
value.

Technology & Digital Transformation
Innovative Technology
The Group is committed to advancing our sustainability objectives through innovative technology adoption. We strategically
allocate resources to support initiatives that utilise licensed or tailor-made devices and systems, designed to reduce operational
impact while enhancing site safety and productivity. Our technology investments directly support our governance framework
and demonstrate responsible stewardship of resources.

Across our diverse project portfolio, we deploy industry-recognised innovative equipment, with selected solutions developed
in-house to meet project-specific environmental and safety requirements. These enhancements reflect our commitment to
continuously improving ESG performance and creating long-term value for stakeholders.




76     Build King Holdings Limited
                                       Environmental, Social and Governance Report

OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE (Continued)
Technology & Digital Transformation (Continued)
Information Security
The Group’s Information Security Policy and Rules and Regulations form a comprehensive governance framework for handling,
protecting and stewarding personal data and confidential information. Our approach aligns with global best practices and
underscores our commitment to social responsibility through ethical and transparent data management.

We implement comprehensive electronic and managerial safeguards to protect personal data, including advanced encryption
protocols for sensitive information. Our compliance framework extends across Hong Kong’s Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance
and all relevant jurisdictional regulations, reflecting our commitment to ethical business practices across all Group operations.

The Group demonstrates unwavering dedication to data privacy protection and prevention of unauthorised access through
rigorous physical security measures, industry-leading cybersecurity technology deployment, endpoint protection systems,
and continuous data backup protocols. These measures ensure data integrity, maintain stakeholder trust, and reinforce our
governance standards across all IT operations.

Digital Transformation Initiatives
The Group is committed to digital transformation as a core pillar of our ESG strategy, driving operational efficiency while
reducing our environmental footprint. Our digital initiatives are designed to minimise resource consumption, enhance workforce
collaboration, and create sustainable value across all business units.

We have strategically adopted innovative digital solutions that significantly reduce paper consumption and automate workflows,
directly contribute to our environmental objectives. Advanced information technologies have been deployed across the
organisation to enable seamless digital operations and support our broader sustainability agenda.

As part of our forward-looking governance commitment, we are progressively upgrading our hardware and software
infrastructure to further optimise automation, streamline resource utilisation, and enhance operational resilience. These
investments not only improve profitability and maintain our competitive advantage but also reflect our responsibility to operate
sustainably and minimise unnecessary resource depletion.

HR System Enhancement
As part of our commitment to sustainability and responsible governance, the Group initiated the enhancement of our HR
system through digital transformation. This initiative aims to improve operational efficiency, reduce carbon emission, and
optimise resource allocation, enabling us to reskill our workforce for more value-added tasks. By aligning our HR practices
with ESG principles, the Group enhances our capacity to address industry challenges and promote sustainable development.
This commitment was further strengthened in 2025 with the implementation of a new digital recruitment system. This all-in-
one platform has replaced our previous paper-based approach, significantly reduced paper consumption and waste, while
improving operational efficiency, transparency, and stakeholder collaboration in our talent acquisition process.

Artificial Intelligence Integration
As part of our ongoing technology & digital transformation journey, the Group is exploring the use of AI to enhance work
efficiency, automate workflows, and support data-driven decision-making. We are assessing AI-driven solutions across various
operational areas with the aim of reducing manual processes, improving resource utilisation, and enabling smarter project
planning. While these initiatives are still developing, we see AI as a promising tool that may gradually enhance our operations
and support more sustainable, efficient practices over time.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025         77
Environmental, Social and Governance Report

OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE (Continued)
Responsible Supply Chain
We recognise that effectively managing our suppliers and subcontractors is crucial to the growth and ongoing success of our
business. To consistently deliver excellent projects for our clients, we diligently monitor our supply chain, focusing on timing,
quality, and progress of works and services provided by our partners.

The Group’s supply chain network consists of approximately 3,500 active suppliers and subcontractors, principally based in
Hong Kong. Our close collaboration with them significantly impacts our sustainability performance.

In view of this, we have introduced our Sustainability Policy to suppliers and subcontractors through the conditions outlined in
our contract documents. We require strict adherence to the policy and guidelines. Subcontractors and suppliers are evaluated
every six months, and any non-compliance will result in disqualification and removal from the selection list.

Selection Criteria
Our goal is to build a responsible and sustainable supply chain, which helps reduce risks for the Group and our clients. Clear
procedures and standing instructions are in place for selecting suppliers and subcontractorss. Before any purchasing or sub-
letting process, performance assessments are conducted on potential suppliers and subcontractors based on assessment
criteria including, but not limited to assurance of stable supply, quality of service and product, and cost. We give priority to
working with suppliers and subcontractors who meet our high standards of ethical conduct, human rights, health and safety,
environmental management, and green procurement.

Management Approach
To cater to the unique requirements of different projects, each project is required to develop a Subcontractor Management
Plan that outlines strategies and measures for managing subcontractors.

We ensure that our suppliers and subcontractors are well-informed and have a good understanding of our core values and
comply with our ESG governance policies, as well as relevant standards such as the ISO 9001:2015 Quality Management
System. We provide technical assistance and supervision to suppliers and subcontractors to maintain quality assurance and
educate them on anti-corruption practices. Additionally, we encourage feedback from our suppliers and subcontractors to
better understand their needs and incorporate their input when formulating future policies.




78     Build King Holdings Limited
                                       Environmental, Social and Governance Report

ETHICS & GOVERNANCE
Anti-Corruption
At Build King, we take anti-corruption and the prevention of bribery seriously, treating these issues as a long-term commitment
to our sustainability and governance objectives. The Group strictly complies with all relevant laws and regulations regarding
anticorruption and remains committed to upholding the highest standards of integrity, professionalism and transparency.

The Code of Conduct, along with the Whistle-blowing Policy, is in place to ensure all employees understand and adhere to the
Group’s ethical and governance requirements. In 2025, we organised regular seminars on integrity and corruption prevention
for directors and employees. We believe that these measures form a robust system to mitigate risks related to corruption
across all our operations. In 2025, no confirmed incidents of corruption involving the Group or its employees were identified.

Whistleblowing
The Group upholds the highest standards of integrity and governance. To support this, a whistleblowing policy and a
confidential reporting mechanism are in place which provide employees with a secure channel to raise good-faith concerns
regarding unethical and other improper conduct. Any report is handled with utmost seriousness and confidentiality, with
independent follow-up by top management to ensure fair and thorough resolution while safeguarding those who come forward.
This reflects our commitment to a transparent and accountable culture.

Internal Grievance
To maintain a harmonious and harassment-free environment, the Group encourages employees to report or lodge complaints
under the Group’s grievance mechanism. A Chairman’s mailbox has been set up on the intranet so that employees can directly
raise grievances in writing to the Chairman. Valid complaint will be properly followed up and investigated by the Internal Audit
team, and the findings will be reported to the Chairman and the Audit Committee. This mechanism allows employees to file
grievances, express opinions, and raise concerns about the Group’s governance. It ensures that all valid grievances, opinions,
and concerns are addressed appropriately and in a timely manner.

Critical Incident Risk Responsiveness
The Group maintains a proactive and structured approach to managing risks associated with critical incidents with potential
impacts on our operations, workforce, or reputation.

A dedicated team of senior managers from the Business Department, the Safety & Environmental Department, and other
operational departments has been established to manage, control, and mitigate risks associated with critical incidents. This
team operates under clear procedures and guidelines to ensure timely and effective responses.

In addition, the Group engages external professionals as needed to provide independent advice and technical support, further
enhancing our responsiveness, preparedness, and business continuity planning.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025         79
Environmental, Social and Governance Report

ESG PRACTICES HIGHLIGHTS
The Group’s commitment to embedding ESG principles across our operations continues to guide how we plan, design, and
deliver our services. Through close collaboration with partners and stakeholders, we actively explore and implement sustainable
technologies that address current construction needs while supporting long-term climate resilience.

In 2025, we remained focused on adopting practical, low-carbon, and digital solutions to enhance environmental performance,
improve safety, and create long-term value for the community. The following highlights showcase our continued efforts to
reduce carbon emissions, improve resource efficiency, minimise site impacts, and contribute to a safer, more sustainable built
environment.

Smart Prefabricated Bridge Component Transportation
                                                               As part of the Tung Chung Interchange Project, an innovative
                                                               off-site construction method was adopted to install two large
                                                               bridge decks over the busy North Lantau Highway, a key route
                                                               connecting traffic to and from the Hong Kong International
                                                               Airport. Each deck, measuring over 40 metres long and
                                                               weighing up to 1,200 tonnes, was prefabricated at a nearby
                                                               casting yard and transported using Self-Propelled Modular
                                                               Transporters (“SPMT”).

                                                               Unlike traditional in-situ bridge construction, which often
                                                               requires prolonged road closures and poses great safety and
                                                               logistical challenges, the off-site method significantly reduced
                                                               the duration and complexity of works carried out over live
                                                               traffic. This approach enhanced construction safety and quality,
                                                               improved programme certainty, and minimised disruption to
                                                               one of Hong Kong’s busiest road corridors. With full highway
                                                               closures arranged during night-time hours and traffic diverted
                                                               to adjacent slip roads, both decks were delivered and installed
                                                               over four nights with minimal impact on road users and airport-
                                                               bound traffic.

Digital technologies played a vital role in the planning and execution. BIM, Digital Twin tools, and Virtual Geographic
Environment (VGE) modelling supported early simulations of construction scenarios and transport routes. Real-time monitoring
systems, including GPS, LiDAR, AI powered cameras, and laser alignment tools, ensured precision during transportation and
installation. A centralised control hub coordinated live tracking of component movements and road conditions, supporting safe
navigation through tight curves and limited clearances.

Following completion of the new a bridges, the same SPMT method was used to remove the existing bridge decks, which
were transported back to the casting yard for demolition. The entire process was completed safely and efficiently, with minimal
disruption to traffic or the surrounding area.




80     Build King Holdings Limited
                                        Environmental, Social and Governance Report

ESG PRACTICES HIGHLIGHTS (Continued)
Recycled Plastic Paving Mats to Reduce Site Impacts
The Central Kowloon Route - Yau Ma Tei West project initiated the use of paving mats made from recycled High-Density
Polyethylene (HDPE) at the site entrances and along haul roads to help reduce environmental impact.

These lightweight, portable mats were manually installed as a
sustainable alternative to traditional materials such as concrete
slabs and metal decking. Their use helps minimise dust,
muddy water, and traffic noise generated by plant and vehicle
movements, particularly in high-traffic areas. Designed with anti-
slip surfaces and integrated connectors, the mats also allow for
quick and secure installation.

This initiative improved site cleanliness and safety while
supporting waste reduction through the reuse of recycled plastic
materials.

Smart Over-Height Vehicle Detection System to Enhancing Road Safety
To enhance road safety and temporary works above live
carriageways, the Central Kowloon Route - Yau Ma Tei West
project developed and implemented an innovative Smart Over-
Height Vehicle Detection System (“Smart OVDS”). This system
integrates AI, LiDAR, and 5G technology to detect over-height
vehicles in real time and help prevent collisions with overhead
temporary structures.

When an over-height vehicle is detected, the system issues a
warning within three seconds displaying the vehicle’s registration
number. Visual and audio alerts are triggered to prompt the
driver to stop. If ignored, a sacrificial portal frame installed before the temporary works serves as a final safeguard to absorb
impact. A nearby lay-by area allows drivers to safely adjust any over-height materials before rejoining the route.

Since its implementation two years ago, the Smart OVDS has successfully prevented over 20 potential traffic accidents, with
no report of any injuries, structural damage, or false alarms. The system has also demonstrated high reliability, including the
successfully activated evacuation procedures when required. Built using standard proprietary components, the Smart OVDS
is cost-effective and easy to maintain. Its modular and reusable design allows key components to be easily relocated and
redeployed at other sites.

In recognition of its innovation and impact, the Smart OVDS was awarded the Innovative Organization Excellence Award (Large
Organizations) at the Hong Kong Management Association/Hong Kong Telecom Global Innovation Awards.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025         81
Environmental, Social and Governance Report

ESG PRACTICES HIGHLIGHTS (Continued)
Modular Construction and BIM for Sustainable Delivery
                                                                 As part of the Central Kowloon Route - Yau Ma Tei East project,
                                                                 the PMMA Panel Modular Construction method was adopted
                                                                 for the New Full Noise Enclosure roof and wall system, located
                                                                 above the heavily trafficked Ferry Street and Gascoigne Road
                                                                 flyovers. This complex location posed significant challenges for
                                                                 traditional in-situ construction, which typically requires longer
                                                                 durations and extensive night works.

                                                                  To address these challenges, a modular construction approach
                                                                  supported by detailed BIM-based design was implemented.
                                                                  This enabled accurate planning for both off-site fabrication
                                                                  and on-site installation, resolving key technical aspects such
as fixing methods, logistics, and installation sequencing. As a result, PMMA panels were accurately prefabricated off-site and
efficiently installed on-site with minimal time need for adjustments.

The integration of modular construction and digital design led to a more streamlined installation process, achieving over 40%
reduction in night-time installation activities, reduced material waste, enhanced safety and construction quality, and minimal
disruption to the public. These benefits were especially valuable in a dense urban setting like Yau Ma Tei. The efficiency of the
modular approach also helped accelerate follow-on works, contributing to improved overall project delivery.

3D Printing Pilot for Low-Carbon Construction
                                                                 We joined a pilot to 3D-print canopy support columns for a
                                                                 temporary carpark roof at the Tung Chung Project site office.
                                                                 The columns were printed off-site using a low-carbon concrete
                                                                 mix incorporating Calcium Sulphoaluminate cement, Ground
                                                                 Granulated Blast-furnace Slag (GGBS), and recycled glass
                                                                 powder. This formwork-free method reduced material waste,
                                                                 labour, and on-site construction time.

                                                                 The four columns featured a twisting design and were printed
                                                                 in less than two hours. Additives in the mix ensured smooth
                                                                 extrusion and rapid strength development to maintain structural
                                                                 integrity, with steel reinforcement installed on-site afterward.

Compared to traditional methods requiring 21 days, the 3D-printed approach completed the same scope in just 10 days. While
limited in scale, the pilot demonstrated the potential of digital fabrication and low-carbon materials to support more sustainable,
efficient, and visually refined construction practices.




82     Build King Holdings Limited
                                         Environmental, Social and Governance Report

ESG PRACTICES HIGHLIGHTS (Continued)
Low-Carbon and Climate-Resilient Solutions in Site Office
As part of the Tsing Yi Road West project, we supported the establishment of a site office constructed using Modular
Integrated Construction (“MiC”) units and facilitated the adoption of two pilot technologies featuring low-carbon and climate
resilience attributes.

                                                            The first pilot used Lightweight Concrete (“LWC”) for the MiC
                                                            floor slab. Developed by a local academic institution, the LWC
                                                            mix replaces traditional aggregates with lightweight materials,
                                                            reducing overall weight while maintaining structural performance.
                                                            This enables easier handling during construction and help reduce
                                                            transport-related emissions. Real-time monitoring results indicated
                                                            performance similar to standard concrete.

                                                         The second pilot featured a passive rooftop system using reflective
                                                         ceramic tiles to reduce heat absorption without relying on electricity.
                                                         According to post-installation testing, the system lowered indoor
ceiling temperatures by an average of 2.47°C, with a maximum recorded drop of 4.03°C under typical summer conditions. The
system requires minimal maintenance and offers a potential solution for improving thermal comfort in temporary site facilities.

Both pilot technologies reflect our support for implementing low-carbon and climate-adaptive solutions on site, through
coordination with project stakeholders.

Digital Transformation for Sustainable Construction and Smart Administration
Use of Technology for Sustainable Construction
Our commitment to ESG excellence goes hand-in-hand with the integration of
innovative technologies that enhance the sustainability, safety, and efficiency of our
construction practices. By adopting advanced digital tools such as Virtual Reality
(“VR”), Laser Scanning, Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS), and 3D Printing, we
are transforming traditional construction methods into smarter, greener, and more
collaborative processes.

VR and BIM play a central role in our digital transformation journey. Immersive
BIM environments and first-person walkthroughs allow clients and project teams
to visualise designs before construction begins, improving accuracy, reducing
rework, and enhancing safety through virtual training and clash detection. These
tools also strengthen both client communication and internal coordination.

                                                      Laser scanning further supports precision and transparency. With high-
                                                      resolution LiDAR scanners, we can capture accurate 3D data of site
                                                      conditions in minutes. This enables rapid assessments, detailed, textured
                                                      models, and reliable as-built records, which are essential for design
                                                      coordination, planning, and long-term asset management. For example, in
                                                      our Airport project, laser scanning helped cut surveying efforts by around
                                                      half by capturing real-time site conditions, streamlining coordination and
                                                      reducing potential discrepancies.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025        83
Environmental, Social and Governance Report

ESG PRACTICES HIGHLIGHTS (Continued)
Digital Transformation for Sustainable Construction and Smart Administration (Continued)
Use of Technology for Sustainable Construction (Continued)
Drone technology also enhances site monitoring and assessment. Using photogrammetry,
drones safely capture real-time progress, producing accurate 3D models that support better
decision-making throughout planning and construction.

In terms of design innovation and stakeholder communication, 3D printing has become
an indispensable tool. By producing physical models directly from BIM data, we improve
collaboration, enable rapid prototyping, and support quick design adjustments. In our Tuen Mun
Swimming Pool project, which adopted the Multi-trade integrated Mechanical, Electrical and
Plumbing (“MiMEP”) approach, 3D-printed mini models helped bridge the gap between design
and execution, improving visualisation, coordination, and maintenance planning.



Smarter Administration Through Technology
We apply digital innovation to back-office operations to enhance efficiency, accuracy, and data security. In our HR department,
we have implemented an AI-powered Optical Character Recognition (“OCR”) and workflow system to automate the masking
of sensitive information in outgoing documents. A task that previously required significant manual effort is now completed in
minutes, improving speed, accuracy, and compliance.

Looking ahead, we are expanding this platform to extract key data from incoming letters and circulation forms using AI agents.
This enhancement of improved document traceability and workflow management will further streamline processing, reduce
errors, and integrate seamlessly with our Common Data Environment (“CDE”).




84     Build King Holdings Limited
                                                   Environmental, Social and Governance Report

PERFORMANCE DATA SUMMARY 2025
                                                                                                                           2025                 2024

                                Energy Consumption
                                Electricity (kWh)                                                                   21,579,614           24,417,899
                                Petrol (litres)                                                                         445,434              427,894
                                Diesel (litres)2                                                                     7,840,530           14,562,948
                                Types of Emissions
                                NOx emissions (g)                                                                    4,905,564            4,727,875
                                PM emissions (g)                                                                        347,312              338,401
                                SOx emissions (g)          3
                                                                                                                         11,733               11,288
                                Greenhouse Gases (GHGs) Emissions
                                Total emissions (tCO2e)                                                                 301,996               49,551
                                Scope I (tCO2e)    2
                                                                                                                         21,607               39,232
                                Scope II (tCO2e) (location-based)                                                          8,301                9,428
                                Scope III (tCO2e)      4
                                                                                                                        272,088                   892
                                - Category 1: Purchased Goods and Services                                              262,582                       /
                                - Category 2: Capital Goods                                                                  975                      /
     Environment1
                                - Category 5: Waste Generated in Operations                                                8,531                      /
                                Water Consumption
                                Water (m³)                                                                           1,012,347               968,736
                                Waste
                                Hazardous waste (tonnes)                                                                     187                   73
                                Non-hazardous waste (tonnes)                                                            768,355              512,688
                                Paper
                                Paper Consumption (tonnes)                                                                   104                  123
                                Paper Recycled (tonnes)                                                                        35                  26
                                Intensity
                                Hazardous waste (tonnes/million HKD)                                                        0.01                 0.01
                                Non-hazardous waste (tonnes/million HKD)                                                       56                  36
                                Energy consumption (MWh/million HKD)                                                          7.9                12.8
                                Water consumption (m³/million HKD)                                                          73.1                 67.4
                                Greenhouse Gases Emissions (tCO2e/million HKD)                                              21.8                   3.5


Notes:

1        The Group previously used an operational approach to consolidate environmental data. Starting in 2025, the Group adopted the equity
         share approach for its joint-venture projects when disclosing environmental data, to better reflect its proportionate share of the associates of
         environmental impacts. As a result of the methodology change, the 2025 data are not directly comparable with those of prior years.
2        Diesel consumption from subcontractors’ activities, which was previously included in the Group’s energy consumption and Scope I emissions,
         has been reclassified as Scope III emissions this year. Therefore, both diesel consumption and Scope I emissions decreased in 2025.
3        Due to updates in the calculation methodology, the SOx emissions data in 2024 has been restated for improved accuracy.
4        Scope III GHG emissions are calculated in accordance with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and
         Reporting Standard (2011). The increase in 2025 reflects an updated calculation method and a broader scope boundary.



                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025              85
Environmental, Social and Governance Report

PERFORMANCE DATA SUMMARY 2025 (Continued)
                                                                                        2025    2024

                                Total Workforce
                                By Age
                                 <31                                                     743     845
                                 31–40                                                  1,008   1,002
                                 41–50                                                   644     750
                                 >50                                                    1,192   1,187
                                By Gender
                                 Male                                                   2,739   2,909
                                 Female                                                  848     875
                                By Professional Profile
                                 Director                                                 15      16
                                 Managerial                                              505     488
                                 Supervisory                                            1,141   1,266
                                 General                                                 925     820
                                 Operational                                             755     952
                                 Temporary                                               246     242
                                By Employment Type
                                 Full time                                              3,585   3,782
            Social5
                                 Part time                                                 2       2
                                By Region
                                 Hong Kong                                              3,197   3,456
                                 Mainland China                                          381     319
                                 The Philippines                                           9       9
                                Employee Turnover
                                By Age
                                 <31                                                     228     201
                                 31–40                                                   196     163
                                 41–50                                                   126      95
                                 >50                                                     304     137
                                By Gender
                                 Male                                                    659     455
                                 Female                                                  195     141
                                By Region
                                 Hong Kong                                               733     487
                                 Mainland China                                          118     107
                                 The Philippines                                           3       2


Notes:

5        Statistical data of employee numbers and turnover covering the entire Group.




86         Build King Holdings Limited
                                                 Environmental, Social and Governance Report

PERFORMANCE DATA SUMMARY 2025 (Continued)
                                                                                                                       2025                2024

                                 Occupational Health and Safety
                                 Work-related injuries                                                                    18                  28
                                 Accident Frequency Rate (per 100,000 man-hours)                                        0.05                0.08
                                 Accident Frequency Rate (per 1,000 workers)                                            1.75                2.84
                                 Training and Development 6
                                 Average Training Hours                                                                 4.62                6.56
                                 Percentage of Employees Trained
                                 By Gender
                                 Male                                                                                  37%                  37%
                                 Female                                                                                34%                  31%
                                 By Professional Profile
             Social
                                 Managerial                                                                            41%                  37%
                                 Supervisory                                                                           33%                  27%
                                 General                                                                               40%                  41%
                                 Average Training Hours Completed per Employee
                                 By Gender
                                 Male                                                                                   4.73                6.80
                                 Female                                                                                 4.23                5.83
                                 By Professional Profile
                                 Managerial                                                                             3.77                5.18
                                 Supervisory                                                                            4.48                4.77
                                 General                                                                                5.52                9.60




Notes:

6        The percentage of employees trained and the average training hours completed per employee exclude routine on-site sessions, such as safety
         and environmental toolbox talks, from the reported figures.




                                                                                                                Annual Report 2025             87
Environmental, Social and Governance Report

CONTENT INDEX
HKEX ESG Reporting Code Content Index

 “Comply or explain” Provisions
 KPIs                 HKEX ESG Reporting Code Requirements                                           Section and Remarks

 A. Environmental
 Aspect A1            Emissions
 General Disclosure   Information on:                                                                ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP
                      (a) the policies; and                                                          – Resource Stewardship &
                      (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant      Pollution Control
                          impact on the issuer
                      relating to air emissions, discharges into water and land, and generation of
                      hazardous and non-hazardous waste.
 KPI A1.1             The types of emissions and respective emissions data.                          PERFORMANCE DATA
                                                                                                     SUMMARY 2025
 KPI A1.3             Total hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where appropriate,             PERFORMANCE DATA
                      intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume, per facility).                  SUMMARY 2025
 KPI A1.4             Total non-hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where appropriate,         PERFORMANCE DATA
                      intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume, per facility).                  SUMMARY 2025
 KPI A1.5             Description of emission target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them.         ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP
                                                                                                     – Climate Change –
                                                                                                     Metrics and Targets
                                                                                                     ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP
                                                                                                     – Resource Stewardship &
                                                                                                     Pollution Control
 KPI A1.6             Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are handled,             ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP
                      and a description of reduction target(s) set and steps taken to achieve        – Resource Stewardship &
                      them.                                                                          Pollution Control




88      Build King Holdings Limited
                                        Environmental, Social and Governance Report

CONTENT INDEX (Continued)
“Comply or explain” Provisions
KPIs                 HKEX ESG Reporting Code Requirements                                              Section and Remarks

A. Environmental
Aspects A2           Use of Resources
General Disclosure   Policies on the efficient use of resources, including energy, water and           ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP
                     other raw materials.                                                              – Resource Stewardship &
                                                                                                       Pollution Control
KPI A2.1             Direct and/or indirect energy consumption by type (e.g. electricity, gas or       PERFORMANCE DATA
                     oil) in total (kWh in ‘000s) and intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume,   SUMMARY 2025
                     per facility).
KPI A2.2             Water consumption in total and intensity (e.g. per unit of production             PERFORMANCE DATA
                     volume, per facility).                                                            SUMMARY 2025
KPI A2.3             Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to             ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP
                     achieve them.                                                                     – Climate Change –
                                                                                                       Metrics and Targets
                                                                                                       ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP
                                                                                                       – Resource Stewardship &
                                                                                                       Pollution Control –
                                                                                                       Energy Management and
                                                                                                       Decarbonisation
KPI A2.4             Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for       ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP
                     purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them.          – Resource Stewardship &
                                                                                                       Pollution Control – Effluent
                                                                                                       and Water Management
KPI A2.5             Total packaging material used for finished products (in tonnes) and, if           Not applicable
                     applicable, with reference to per unit produced.
Aspect A3            The Environment and Natural Resources
General Disclosure   Policies on minimising the issuer’s significant impact on the environment         ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP
                     and natural resources.                                                            – Resource Stewardship &
                                                                                                       Pollution Control
KPI A3.1             Description of the significant impacts of activities on the environment and       ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP
                     natural resources and the actions taken to manage them.                           – Resource Stewardship &
                                                                                                       Pollution Control




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025     89
Environmental, Social and Governance Report

CONTENT INDEX (Continued)
“Comply or explain” Provisions
KPIs                 HKEX ESG Reporting Code Requirements                                        Section and Remarks

B. Social
Employment and Labour Practices
Aspect B1            Employment
General Disclosure   Information on:                                                             PEOPLE WELLBEING
                     (a) the policies; and
                     (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant
                         impact on the issuer
                     relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion,
                     working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity, anti-
                     discrimination, and other benefits and welfare.
KPI B1.1             Total workforce by gender, employment type (for example, full- or part-     PERFORMANCE DATA
                     time), age group and geographical region.                                   SUMMARY 2025
KPI B1.2             Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and geographical region.        PERFORMANCE DATA
                                                                                                 SUMMARY 2025
Aspect B2:           Health and Safety
General Disclosure   Information on:                                                             PEOPLE WELLBEING –
                     (a) the policies; and                                                       Occupational Health
                     (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant   and Safety - Safety
                         impact on the issuer                                                    and Health Policy
                     relating to providing a safe working environment and protecting employees
                     from occupational hazards.
KPI B2.1             Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in each of the past     PEOPLE WELLBEING –
                     three years including the reporting year.                                   Occupational Health
                                                                                                 and Safety - Safety
                                                                                                 and Health Policy
KPI B2.2             Lost days due to work injury.                                               PEOPLE WELLBEING –
                                                                                                 Occupational Health
                                                                                                 and Safety - Safety
                                                                                                 and Health Policy
KPI B2.3             Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, and how     PEOPLE WELLBEING –
                     they are implemented and monitored.                                         Occupational
                                                                                                 Health and Safety
Aspect B3            Development and Training
General Disclosure   Policies on improving employees’ knowledge and skills for discharging       PEOPLE WELLBEING – Better
                     duties at work. Description of training activities.                         Prospects for Our People –
                                                                                                 Training and Development
KPI B3.1             The percentage of employees trained by gender and employee category         PERFORMANCE DATA
                     (e.g. senior management, middle management).                                SUMMARY 2025
KPI B3.2             The average training hours completed per employee by gender and             PERFORMANCE DATA
                     employee category.                                                          SUMMARY 2025




90     Build King Holdings Limited
                                        Environmental, Social and Governance Report

CONTENT INDEX (Continued)
“Comply or explain” Provisions
KPIs                  HKEX ESG Reporting Code Requirements                                           Section and Remarks

B. Social
Employment and Labour Practices
Aspect B4             Labour Standards
General Disclosure    Information on:                                                                PEOPLE WELLBEING – Better
                       (a) the policies; and                                                         Prospects for Our People –
                       (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant     Employment Practices
                           impact on the issuer
                      relating to preventing child and forced labour.
KPI B4.1              Description of measures to review employment practices to avoid child          PEOPLE WELLBEING – Better
                      and forced labour.                                                             Prospects for Our People –
                                                                                                     Employment Practices
KPI B4.2              Description of steps taken to eliminate such practices when discovered.        PEOPLE WELLBEING – Better
                                                                                                     Prospects for Our People –
                                                                                                     Employment Practices
Operating Practices
Aspect B5             Supply Chain Management
General Disclosure    Policies on managing environmental and social risks of the supply chain.       OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE –
                                                                                                     Responsible Supply Chain
KPI B5.1              Number of suppliers by geographical region.                                    OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE –
                                                                                                     Responsible Supply Chain
KPI B5.2              Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers   OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE –
                      where the practices are being implemented, how they are implemented            Responsible Supply Chain –
                      and monitored.                                                                 Supplier Engagement &
                                                                                                     Collaboration
KPI B5.3              Description of practices used to identify environmental and social risks       OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE –
                      along the supply chain, and how they are implemented and monitored.            Responsible Supply Chain –
                                                                                                     Selection Criteria
KPI B5.4              Description of practices used to promote environmentally preferable            OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE –
                      products and services when selecting suppliers, and how they are               Responsible Supply Chain –
                      implemented and monitored.                                                     Management Approach




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025        91
Environmental, Social and Governance Report

CONTENT INDEX (Continued)
“Comply or explain” Provisions
KPIs                  HKEX ESG Reporting Code Requirements                                         Section and Remarks

B. Social
Operating Practices
Aspect B6             Product Responsibility
General Disclosure    Information on:                                                              OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE –
                      (a) the policies; and                                                        Products and Services
                      (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant    Quality Control
                          impact on the issuer
                      relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters
                      relating to products and services provided and methods of redress.
KPI B6.1              Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to recalls for safety   Not applicable.
                      and health reasons.                                                          Immaterial amount of
                                                                                                   products sold or shipped
                                                                                                   subject to recalls
                                                                                                   under management.
KPI B6.2              Number of products and service related complaints received and how they      Not applicable.
                      are dealt with.                                                              Immaterial amount of
                                                                                                   products and service
                                                                                                   related complaints received
                                                                                                   under management.
KPI B6.3              Description of practices relating to observing and protecting intellectual   Not applicable.
                      property rights.                                                             Intellectual property rights
                                                                                                   are immaterial to the Group.
KPI B6.4              Description of quality assurance process and recall procedures.              OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE –
                                                                                                   Products and Services
                                                                                                   Quality Control
KPI B6.5              Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, how they       OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE –
                      are implemented and monitored.                                               Technology & Digital
                                                                                                   Transformation –
                                                                                                   Information Security




92     Build King Holdings Limited
                                         Environmental, Social and Governance Report

CONTENT INDEX (Continued)
“Comply or explain” Provisions
KPIs                  HKEX ESG Reporting Code Requirements                                        Section and Remarks

B. Social
Operating Practices
Aspect B7             Anti-corruption
General Disclosure    Information on:                                                             ETHICS & GOVERNANCE –
                      (a) the policies; and                                                       Anti-Corruption
                      (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant
                          impact on the issuer
                      relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering.
KPI B7.1              Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practices brought         ETHICS & GOVERNANCE –
                      against the issuer or its employees during the reporting period and the     Anti-Corruption
                      outcomes of the cases.
KPI B7.2              Description of preventive measures and whistle-blowing procedures, how      ETHICS & GOVERNANCE –
                      they are implemented and monitored.                                         Whistleblowing
KPI B7.3              Description of anti-corruption training provided to directors and staff.    ETHICS & GOVERNANCE –
                                                                                                  Anti-Corruption
Community
Aspect B8             Community Investment
General Disclosure    Policies on community engagement to understand the needs of the             PEOPLE WELLBEING –
                      communities where the issuer operates and to ensure its activities take     Caring for Our Community –
                      into consideration the communities’ interests.                              Social Responsibility Policy
KPI B8.1              Focus areas of contribution (e.g. education, environmental concerns,        PEOPLE WELLBEING – Caring
                      labour needs, health, culture, sport).                                      for Our Community –
KPI B8.2              Resources contributed (e.g. money or time) to the focus area.               Youth Development

                                                                                                  PEOPLE WELLBEING – Caring
                                                                                                  for Our Community –
                                                                                                  Education

                                                                                                  PEOPLE WELLBEING – Caring
                                                                                                  for Our Community – Caring
                                                                                                  for the Elderly & Children

                                                                                                  PEOPLE WELLBEING – Caring
                                                                                                  for Our Community – Caring
                                                                                                  for the Neighbourhood




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025         93
Environmental, Social and Governance Report

CONTENT INDEX (Continued)
Climate-related Disclosures
HKEX ESG Reporting Code Requirements                                    Section and Remarks

(I)   Governance
19.   An issuer shall disclose information about:                       OUR ESG MANAGEMENT – ESG Governance
      (a) the governance body(s) (which can include a board,
            committee or equivalent body charged with governance)       ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP – Climate Change
            or individual(s) responsible for oversight of climate-      – Climate-related Governance
            related risks and opportunities. Specifically, the issuer
            shall identify that body(s) or individual(s) and disclose
            information about:
            (i)   how the body(s) or individual(s) determines
                  whether appropriate skills and competencies
                  are available or will be developed to oversee
                  strategies designed to respond to climate-related
                  risks and opportunities;
            (ii)  how and how often the body(s) or individual(s)
                  is informed about climate-related risks and
                  opportunities;
            (iii) how the body(s) or individual(s) takes into account
                  climate-related risks and opportunities when
                  overseeing the issuer’s strategy, its decisions
                  on major transactions, and its risk management
                  processes and related policies, including whether
                  the body(s) or individual(s) has considered trade-
                  offs associated with those risks and opportunities;
            (iv) how the body(s) or individual(s) oversees the
                  setting of, and monitors progress towards, targets
                  related to climate-related risks and opportunities
                  (see paragraphs 37 to 40), including whether and
                  how related performance metrics are included in
                  remuneration policies (see paragraph 35); and
      (b) management’s role in the governance processes,
            controls and procedures used to monitor, manage
            and oversee climate-related risks and opportunities,
            including information about:
            (i)   whether the role is delegated to a specific
                  management-level position or management-level
                  committee and how oversight is exercised over
                  that position or committee; and
            (ii)  whether management uses controls and
                  procedures to support the oversight of climate-
                  related risks and opportunities and, if so, how
                  these controls and procedures are integrated with
                  other internal functions.




94    Build King Holdings Limited
                                          Environmental, Social and Governance Report

CONTENT INDEX (Continued)
Climate-related Disclosures
HKEX ESG Reporting Code Requirements                                         Section and Remarks

(II)   Strategy
Climate-related risks and opportunities
20.    An issuer shall disclose information to enable an understanding       ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP – Climate Change
       of climate-related risks and opportunities that could reasonably      – Climate-related Strategy
       be expected to affect the issuer’s cash flows, its access to
       finance or cost of capital over the short, medium or long term.
       Specifically, the issuer shall:
       (a) describe climate-related risks and opportunities that
              could reasonably be expected to affect the issuer’s
              cash flows, its access to finance or cost of capital over
              the short, medium or long term;
       (b) explain, for each climate-related risk the issuer has
              identified, whether the issuer considers the risk to be a
              climate-related physical risk or climate-related transition
              risk;
       (c) specify, for each climate-related risk and opportunity
              the issuer has identified, over which time horizons
              – short, medium or long term – the effects of each
              climate-related risk and opportunity could reasonably
              be expected to occur; and
       (d) explain how the issuer defines ‘short term’, ‘medium
              term’ and ‘long term’ and how these definitions are
              linked to the planning horizons used by the issuer for
              strategic decision-making.
Business model and value chain
21.    An issuer shall disclose information that enables an understanding    ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP – Climate Change
       of the current and anticipated effects of climate-related risks and   – Climate-related Strategy
       opportunities on the issuer’s business model and value chain.
       Specifically, the issuer shall disclose:
       (a) a description of the current and anticipated effects of
             climate-related risks and opportunities on the issuer’s
             business model and value chain; and
       (b) a description of where in the issuer’s business model
             and value chain climate related risks and opportunities
             are concentrated (for example, geographical areas,
             facilities and types of assets).




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025   95
Environmental, Social and Governance Report

CONTENT INDEX (Continued)
Climate-related Disclosures
HKEX ESG Reporting Code Requirements                                        Section and Remarks

(II)   Strategy
Strategy and decision-making
22.    An issuer shall disclose information that enables an understanding   ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP – Climate Change
       of the effects of climate-related risks and opportunities on its     – Climate-related Strategy
       strategy and decision-making. Specifically, the issuer shall
       disclose:                                                            The Group has not yet developed a climate-related
       (a) information about how the issuer has responded to,               transition plan or quantitative climate-related targets.
             and plans to respond to, climate-related risks and
             opportunities in its strategy and decision-making,
             including how the issuer plans to achieve any climate-
             related targets it has set and any targets it is required to
             meet by law or regulation. Specifically, the issuer shall
             disclose information about:
             (i)   current and anticipated changes to the issuer’s
                   business model, including its resource allocation,
                   to address climate-related risks and opportunities;
             (ii)  current and anticipated adaptation and mitigation
                   efforts (whether direct or indirect);
             (iii) any climate-related transition plan the issuer has
                   (including information about key assumptions
                   used in developing its transition plan, and
                   dependencies on which the issuer’s transition
                   plan relies), or an appropriate negative statement
                   where the issuer does not have a climate-related
                   transition plan; and
             (iv) how the issuer plans to achieve any climate-
                   related targets (including any greenhouse
                   gas emissions targets (if any)), described in
                   accordance with paragraphs 37 to 40; and
       (b) information about how the issuer is resourcing, and
             plans to resource, the activities disclosed in accordance
             with paragraph 22(a).


23.    An issuer shall disclose information about the progress of           ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP – Climate Change
       plans disclosed in previous reporting periods in accordance          – Climate-related Strategy
       with paragraph 22(a).




96     Build King Holdings Limited
                                        Environmental, Social and Governance Report

CONTENT INDEX (Continued)
Climate-related Disclosures
HKEX ESG Reporting Code Requirements                                      Section and Remarks

Financial position, financial performance and cash flows
Current financial effect
24.   An issuer shall disclose qualitative and quantitative information   ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP – Climate Change
      about:                                                              – Climate - related Strategy
      (a) how climate-related risks and opportunities have
            affected its financial position, financial performance and
            cash flows for the reporting period; and
      (b) the climate-related risks and opportunities identified in
            paragraph 24(a) for which there is a significant risk of
            a material adjustment within the next annual reporting
            period to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
            reported in the related financial statements.
Anticipated financial effect
25.   The issuer shall provide qualitative and quantitative disclosures   ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP – Climate Change
      about:                                                              – Climate – related Strategy
      (a) how the issuer expects its financial position to change
            over the short, medium and long term, given its strategy
            to manage climate-related risks and opportunities,
            taking into consideration:
            (i)   its investment and disposal plans; and
            (ii)  its planned sources of funding to implement its
                  strategy; and
      (b) how the issuer expects its financial performance and
            cash flows to change over the short, medium and long
            term, given its strategy to manage climate-related risks
            and opportunities.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2025   97
Environmental, Social and Governance Report

CONTENT INDEX (Continued)
Climate-related Disclosures
HKEX ESG Reporting Code Requirements                                                            Section and Remarks

Financial position, financial performance and cash flows
Elimate resilience
26. A n i s s u e r s h a l l d i s c l o s e i n f o r m a t i o n t h a t e n a b l e s a n   ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP – Climate Change
    understanding of the resilience of the issuer’s strategy and                                – Climate-related Strategy
    business model to climate-related changes, developments and
    uncertainties, taking into consideration the issuer’s identified                            The Group has not yet conducted scenario analysis
    climate-related risks and opportunities. An issuer shall use                                during the reporting year. As the next step, we are
    climate-related scenario analysis to assess its climate resilience                          planning to incorporate scenario analysis into future
    using an approach that is commensurate with an issuer’s                                     assessments of climate-related risk and opportunities.
    circumstances. In providing quantitative information, the issuer
    may disclose a single amount or a range. Specifically, the
    issuer shall disclose:
    (a) the issuer’s assessment of its climate resilience as at the
         reporting date, which shall enable an understanding of:
         (i) the implications, if any, of the issuer’s assessment for
               its strategy and business model, including how the
               issuer would need to respond to the effects identified
               in the climate-related scenario analysis;
         (ii) the significant areas of uncertainty considered in the
               issuer’s assessment of its climate resilience; and
         (iii) the issuer’s capacity to adjust, or adapt its strategy
               and business model to climate change over the short,
               medium or long term;
    (b) how and when the climate-related scenario analysis was
         carried out, including:
         (i) information about the inputs used, including:
               (1) w hi c h c l i m a t e-r e l a t e d s c e n a r i os t he issue r
                    used for the analysis and the sources of such
                    scenarios;
               (2) whether the analysis included a diverse range of
                    climate-related scenarios;
               (3) whether the climate-related scenarios used for
                    the analysis are associated with climate-related
                    transition risks or climate-related physical risks;
               (4) whether the issuer used, among its scenarios, a
                    climate-related scenario aligned with the latest
                    international agreement on climate change;
               (5) why the issuer decided that its chosen climate-
                    related scenarios are relevant to assessing
                    its resilience to climate-related changes,
                    developments or uncertainties;
               (6) time horizons the issuer used in the analysis; and
               (7) what scope of operations the issuer used in the
                    analysis (for example, the operation, locations and
                    business units used in the analysis);
         (ii) the key assumptions the issuer made in the analysis;
               and
         (iii) the reporting period in which the climate-related
               scenario analysis was carried out.



98      Build King Holdings Limited
                                        Environmental, Social and Governance Report

CONTENT INDEX (Continued)
Climate-related Disclosures
HKEX ESG Reporting Code Requirements                                      Section and Remarks

(III) Risk Management
27.   An issuer shall disclose information about:                         ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP – Climate Change
      (a) the processes and related policies it uses to identify,         – Climate-related Risk Management
            assess, prioritise and monitor climate-related risks,
            including information about:
            (i)    the inputs and parameters the issuer uses (for
                   example, information about data sources and the
                   scope of operations covered in the processes);
            (ii)   whether and how the issuer uses climate-related
                   scenario analysis to inform its identification of
                   climate-related risks;
            (iii) how the issuer assesses the nature, likelihood
                   and magnitude of the effects of those risks (for
                   example, whether the issuer considers qualitative
                   factors, quantitative thresholds or other criteria);
            (iv) whether and how the issuer prioritises climate-
                   related risks relative to other types of risks;
            (v)    how the issuer monitors climate-related risks; and
            (vi) whether and how the issuer has changed the
                   processes it uses compared with the previous
                   reporting period;
      (b) the processes the issuer uses to identify, assess,
            prioritise and monitor climate related opportunities
            (including information about whether and how the
            issuer uses climate-related scenario analysis to inform
            its identification of climate-related opportunities); and
      (c) the extent to which, and how, the processes for
            identifying, assessing, prioritising and monitoring
            climate-related risks and opportunities are integrated
            into and inform the issuer’s overall risk management
            process.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2025   99
Environmental, Social and Governance Report

CONTENT INDEX (Continued)
Climate-related Disclosures
HKEX ESG Reporting Code Requirements                                                    Section and Remarks

(IV) Metrics and Targets
Greenhouse gas emissions
28.   An issuer shall disclose its absolute gross greenhouse gas                        PERFORMANCE DATA SUMMARY 2025
      emissions generated during the reporting period, expressed
      as metric tons of CO2 equivalent, classified as:
      (a) Scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions;
      (b) Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions; and
      (c) Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions.


29.   An issuer shall:                                                                  Our methodology for calculating GHG emissions is
      (a)   measure its greenhouse gas emissions in accordance with                     in accordance with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol.
            the Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting                         The Group has adopted equity share approach to
            and Reporting Standard (2004) unless required by a                          measure our greenhouse gas emissions. Please refer
            jurisdictional authority or another exchange on which the                   to the footnotes under “Performance Data Summary
            issuer is listed to use a different method for measuring                    2025” for details.
            greenhouse gas emissions;
      (b) disclose the approach it uses to measure its greenhouse
            gas emissions including:
            (i)    the measurement approach, inputs and assumptions
                   the issuer uses to measure its greenhouse gas
                   emissions;
            (ii)   the reason why the issuer has chosen the
                   measurement approach, inputs and assumptions it
                   uses to measure its greenhouse gas emissions; and
            (iii) any changes the issuer made to the measurement
                   approach, inputs and assumptions during the
                   reporting period and the reasons for those changes;
      (c) for Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions disclosed in
            accordance with paragraph 28(b), disclose its location-
            based Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions, and provide
            information about any contractual instruments that is
            necessary to enable an understanding of the issuer’s
            Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions; and
      (d) for Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions disclosed
            in accordance with paragraph 28(c), disclose the
            categories included within the issuer’s measure of
            Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions, in accordance with
            the Scope 3 categories described in the Greenhouse
            G a s P r o t o c o l C o r p o r a t e V a l u e C h a i n (S c o p e 3)
            Accounting and Reporting Standard (2011).




100   Build King Holdings Limited
                                      Environmental, Social and Governance Report

CONTENT INDEX (Continued)
Climate-related Disclosures
HKEX ESG Reporting Code Requirements                                    Section and Remarks

(IV) Metrics and Targets
Climate-related transition risks
30.   An issuer shall disclose the amount and percentage of assets      The Group has identified climate-related transition risks
      or business activities vulnerable to climate-related transition   during the reporting year, including policy and regulatory
      risks.                                                            changes, low-carbon transition, and reputation and
                                                                        stakeholder expectations. However, based on the
                                                                        Group’s current mitigation measures and assessment
                                                                        results, no assets or business activities have been
                                                                        identified as being significantly affected by transition
                                                                        risks. The Group will continue to monitor these risks and
                                                                        will disclose relevant quantitative data in future reports
                                                                        where appropriate.
Climate-related physical risks
31.   An issuer shall disclose the amount and percentage of assets      The Group has identified extreme weather events
      or business activities vulnerable to climate-related physical     as the key climate-related physical risk during the
      risks.                                                            reporting year. However, based on the Group’s current
                                                                        mitigation measures and assessment results, no assets
                                                                        or business activities have been identified as being
                                                                        significantly affected by physical risks. The Group will
                                                                        continue to monitor these risks and will disclose relevant
                                                                        quantitative data in future reports where appropriate.
Climate-related opportunities
32.   An issuer shall disclose the amount and percentage of             The Group has identified climate-related opportunities
      assets or business activities aligned with climate-related        during the reporting year, including improving resource
      opportunities.                                                    efficiency through energy-saving technologies and
                                                                        promoting sustainable infrastructure and design. The
                                                                        Group has also implemented relevant initiatives in
                                                                        its operations, and these opportunities are expected
                                                                        to generate additional benefits for the business. The
                                                                        Group will continue to assess these opportunities and
                                                                        will disclose relevant quantitative data in future reports
                                                                        where appropriate.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025         101
Environmental, Social and Governance Report

CONTENT INDEX (Continued)
Climate-related Disclosures
HKEX ESG Reporting Code Requirements                                  Section and Remarks

(IV) Metrics and Targets
Capital deployment
33.   An issuer shall disclose the amount of capital expenditure,     ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP – Climate Change
      financing or investment deployed towards climate-related        – Metrics and Targets
      risks and opportunities.
Internal carbon prices
34.   An issuer shall disclose:                                       Currently, the Group has not yet applied internal
      (a) an explanation of whether and how the issuer is             carbon prices.
            applying a carbon price in decision-making (for
            example, investment decisions, transfer pricing, and
            scenario analysis); and
      (b) the price of each metric tonne of greenhouse gas
            emissions the issuer uses to assess the costs of its
            greenhouse gas emissions; or an appropriate negative
            statement that the issuer does not apply a carbon price
            in decision-making.
Remuneration
35.   An issuer shall disclose whether and how climate-related        Currently, the Group has not yet linked the remuneration
      considerations are factored into remuneration policy, or an     policy with climate-related issues, and we will explore
      appropriate negative statement. This may form part of the       the potential for adoption in the coming years.
      disclosure under paragraph 19(a)(iv).




102   Build King Holdings Limited
                                        Environmental, Social and Governance Report

CONTENT INDEX (Continued)
Climate-related Disclosures
HKEX ESG Reporting Code Requirements                                      Section and Remarks

(IV) Metrics and Targets
Climate-related targets
37.   An issuer shall disclose (a) the qualitative and quantitative       The Group will explore the potential for setting
      climate-related targets the issuer has set to monitor progress      quantitative climate-related targets in the coming
      towards achieving its strategic goals; and (b) any targets the      years.
      issuer is required to meet by law or regulation, including any
      greenhouse gas emissions targets. For each target, the issuer
      shall disclose:
      (a)    the metric used to set the target;
      (b) the objective of the target (for example, mitigation,
             adaptation or conformance with science-based initiatives);
      (c)    the part of the issuer to which the target applies (for
             example, whether the target applies to the issuer in its
             entirety or only a part of the issuer, such as a specific
             business unit or geographic region);
      (d) the period over which the target applies;
      (e)    the base period from which progress is measured;
      (f)    milestones or interim targets (if any);
      (g) if the target is quantitative, whether the target is an
             absolute target or an intensity target; and
      (h)    how the latest international agreement on climate change,
             including jurisdictional commitments that arise from that
             agreement, has informed the target.


38.   An issuer shall disclose information about its approach             The Group will explore the potential for setting
      to setting and reviewing each target, and how it monitors           quantitative climate-related targets in the coming
      progress against each target, including:                            years.
      (a) whether the target and the methodology for setting the
           target has been validated by a third party;
      (b) the issuer’s processes for reviewing the target;
      (c) the metrics used to monitor progress towards reaching
           the target; and
      (d) any revisions to the target and an explanation for those
           revisions.


39.   An issuer shall disclose information about its performance          The Group will explore the potential for setting
      against each climate-related target and an analysis of trends       quantitative climate-related targets in the coming
      or changes in the issuer’s performance.                             years.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025     103
Environmental, Social and Governance Report

CONTENT INDEX (Continued)
Climate-related Disclosures
HKEX ESG Reporting Code Requirements                                                   Section and Remarks

(IV) Metrics and Targets
Climate-related targets
40.   For each greenhouse gas emissions target disclosed in                            The Group will explore the potential for setting
      accordance with paragraphs 37 to 39, an issuer shall                             quantitative climate-related targets in the coming
      disclose:                                                                        years.
      (a) which greenhouse gases are covered by the target;
      (b) whether Scope 1, Scope 2 or Scope 3 greenhouse gas
            emissions are covered by the target;
      (c) whether the target is a gross greenhouse gas emissions
            target or a net greenhouse gas emissions target. If the
            issuer discloses a net greenhouse gas emissions target,
            the issuer is also required to separately disclose its
            associated gross greenhouse gas emissions target;
      (d) whether the target was derived using a sectoral
            decarbonisation approach; and
      (e) the issuer’s planned use of carbon credits to offset
            greenhouse gas emissions to achieve any net
            greenhouse gas emissions target. In explaining its
            planned use of carbon credits, the issuer shall disclose:
            (i)   the extent to which, and how, achieving any net
                  greenhouse gas emissions target relies on the use
                  of carbon credits;
            (ii)  which third-party scheme(s) will verify or certify
                  the carbon credits;
            (iii) the type of carbon credit, including whether the
                  underlying offset will be nature-based or based
                  on technological carbon removals, and whether
                  the underlying offset is achieved through carbon
                  reduction or removal; and
            (iv) a n y o t h e r f a c t o r s n e c e s s a r y t o e n a b l e a n
                  understanding of the credibility and integrity of
                  the carbon credits the issuer plans to use (for
                  example, assumptions regarding the permanence
                  of the carbon offset).




104   Build King Holdings Limited
                                                                        Independent Auditor’s Report




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF BUILD KING HOLDINGS LIMITED
(incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)

OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Build King Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
(collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 110 to 194, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial
position as at 31 December 2025, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss, consolidated statement of profit or loss and
other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the
year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy information and other
explanatory information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group
as at 31 December 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then
ended in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants
(“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) as issued by the HKICPA. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics
for Professional Accountants (the “Code”) as applicable to audits of financial statements of public interest entities. We have also
fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025        105
Independent Auditor’s Report

TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF BUILD KING HOLDINGS LIMITED
(incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)

KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on
these matters.

 Key audit matter                                                 How our audit addressed the key audit matter
 Revenue recognition from construction contracts

 We identified the revenue recognition from construction          Our procedures in relation to the recognition of the revenue
 contracts as a key audit matter due to the significance of the   from construction contracts included:
 amount to the consolidated financial statements as a whole
 and estimation uncertainty involved.                             •    Obtaining an understanding on relevant internal
                                                                       controls in place over the revenue recognition from
 As disclosed in note 4 to the consolidated financial                  construction contracts;
 statements, management estimates the contract sum and
 budgeted costs at the commencement of the construction           •    Interviewing the project managers for the progress of
 contracts and regularly assesses the progress of                      construction contracts, on a selection of samples;
 construction works as well as the financial impact of scope
                                                                  •    Comparing the revenue recognised with the
 changes, claims, disputes and liquidation damages. The
                                                                       certifications issued by independent quantity surveyors
 management recognises revenue on the basis of direct
                                                                       and reviewing supporting documents for any
 measurement of the value of construction work transferred
                                                                       reconciling items, on a selection of samples; and
 to the customer to date. Management regularly reviews and
 revises the estimation of contract sum for each construction     •    Assessing management’s estimates in contract value
 contract, the contract progresses and certifications issued           with reference to the supporting evidence such as
 by the independent quantity surveyors.                                contracts with customers and other correspondences,
                                                                       on a selection of samples.
 As disclosed in note 5 to the consolidated financial
 statements, the revenue recognised from construction
 contracts in Hong Kong was HK$13,601,982,000, which
 represents 98% of total revenue of the Group.




106    Build King Holdings Limited
                                                                        Independent Auditor’s Report

TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF BUILD KING HOLDINGS LIMITED
(incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)

OTHER INFORMATION
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our
knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we
conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to
report in this regard.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE FOR THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true
and fair view in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements
of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as
a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting
unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

AUDITOR ’ S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion solely to
you, as a body, in accordance with Section 90 of the Bermuda Companies Act, and for no other purpose. We do not assume
responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high
level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in
the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025        107
Independent Auditor’s Report

TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF BUILD KING HOLDINGS LIMITED
(incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)

AUDITOR ’ S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued)
As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or
      error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and
      appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is
      higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations,
      or the override of internal control.

•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate
      in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal
      control.

•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
      disclosures made by the directors.

•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
      evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt
      on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required
      to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such
      disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the
      date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going
      concern.

•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
      disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
      manner that achieves fair presentation.

•     Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the
      entities or business units within the group as a basis for forming an opinion on the group financial statements. We are
      responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of the group audit. We
      remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.




108     Build King Holdings Limited
                                                                        Independent Auditor’s Report

TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF BUILD KING HOLDINGS LIMITED
(incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)

AUDITOR ’ S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued)
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to
bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters.
We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or
when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because
the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such
communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Li Man Kei (practising certificate number:
P04412).




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
26 March 2026




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025        109
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
For the year ended 31 December 2025



                                                            NOTES        2025            2024
                                                                      HK$’000         HK$’000

Revenue from services                                         5      13,842,704     14,368,536
Cost of sales                                                       (12,802,065)   (13,212,399)

Gross profit                                                         1,040,639      1,156,137
Investments and other income                                  7         64,448         52,741
Net (decrease) increase in fair value of financial assets
  at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)                       (26,543)           3,728
Administrative expenses                                               (550,573)       (594,558)
Other losses                                                  8             —           (57,198)
Finance costs                                                 9         (6,168)         (16,491)
Share of results of joint ventures                                      (2,184)         (48,297)
Share of results of associates                                           3,402              615

Profit before tax                                            10        523,021        496,677
Income tax expense                                           13        (73,101)        (67,652)

Profit for the year                                                    449,920        429,025

Profit (loss) for the year attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                                452,732        433,996
  Non-controlling interests                                             (2,812)         (4,971)

                                                                       449,920        429,025

                                                                      HK cents       HK cents

Earnings per share                                           15
  – Basic                                                                  36.5           34.9




110     Build King Holdings Limited
     Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2025



                                                                              2025                2024
                                                                           HK$’000             HK$’000

Profit for the year                                                         449,920            429,025

Other comprehensive income (expense)
Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
   Exchange differences arising on translation of foreign operations           8,326            (12,864)

Total comprehensive income for the year                                     458,246            416,161

Total comprehensive income (expense) attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                                     459,742            422,364
  Non-controlling interests                                                  (1,496)             (6,203)

                                                                            458,246            416,161




                                                                         Annual Report 2025          111
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
At 31 December 2025



                                                                     NOTES       2025        2024
                                                                              HK$’000     HK$’000

Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                         16      471,795     458,806
Right-of-use assets                                                   17       41,426      55,858
Intangible assets                                                     18      200,455     216,839
Goodwill                                                              19       30,554      30,554
Interests in joint ventures                                           21        4,160       6,030
Interests in associates                                               22       38,835      35,430
Financial assets at FVTPL                                             27      328,559     328,559

                                                                             1,115,784   1,132,076

Current assets
Inventories                                                           23       146,212     136,199
Debtors, deposits and prepayments                                     24       799,094     992,400
Contract assets                                                       25     3,536,438   4,020,830
Amounts due from fellow subsidiaries                                  26         3,564       3,193
Amount due from a joint venture                                       26           545         312
Amounts due from associates                                           26        15,024      62,989
Amounts due from other partners of joint operations                   26        59,528      46,284
Financial assets at FVTPL                                             27        72,841     460,162
Tax recoverable                                                                  4,175       8,270
Pledged bank deposits                                                 28        90,251      80,507
Time deposits with original maturity of not less than three months    28           557       1,343
Bank balances and cash                                                28     2,586,879   1,530,568

                                                                             7,315,108   7,343,057

Current liabilities
Creditors and accrued charges                                         29     3,866,719   4,574,475
Contract liabilities                                                  30     1,377,000     966,170
Lease liabilities                                                     31        23,178      29,685
Amount due to an intermediate holding company                         32        21,620      20,748
Amounts due to fellow subsidiaries                                    32         2,440       5,572
Amounts due to other partners of joint operations                     32         9,020       3,855
Amounts due to non-controlling interests                              32         1,098       1,098
Amount due to an associate                                            33        25,749      24,317
Tax payable                                                                     79,904      55,664
Bank loans - due within one year                                      34        88,344      75,696

                                                                             5,495,072   5,757,280

Net current assets                                                           1,820,036   1,585,777

Total assets less current liabilities                                        2,935,820   2,717,853




112     Build King Holdings Limited
                                           Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                                          At 31 December 2025



                                                                               NOTES             2025                2024
                                                                                              HK$’000             HK$’000

Capital and reserves
Ordinary share capital                                                           35            124,188             124,188
Reserves                                                                                     2,797,354           2,538,040

Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                                 2,921,542           2,662,228
Non-controlling interests                                                                      (10,882)             12,780

Total equity                                                                                 2,910,660           2,675,008

Non-current liabilities
Deferred tax liabilities                                                         36               5,750              8,665
Obligations in excess of interests in joint ventures                             21                 767                453
Obligations in excess of interests in associates                                 22               9,393             13,410
Amount due to an associate                                                       33                  —                 671
Lease liabilities                                                                31               9,250             19,646

                                                                                                25,160              42,845

                                                                                             2,935,820           2,717,853


The consolidated financial statements on pages 110 to 194 were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors
on 26 March 2026 and are signed on its behalf by:




                      Zen Wei Peu, Derek                                           Chan Chi Ming
                          Chairman                                                Executive Director




                                                                                             Annual Report 2025         113
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the year ended 31 December 2025



                                                                    Attributable to owners of the Company
                                       Ordinary                                                             Asset                              Non-
                                         share     Share Translation              Other       Special revaluation Retained               controlling      Total
                                        capital premium      reserve            reserve       reserve     reserve   profits Sub-total      interests     equity
                                       HK$’000 HK$’000      HK$’000            HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000            HK$’000     HK$’000
                                                                                (Note a)      (Note b)

At 1 January 2024                       124,188      14,186          (9,451)    (35,313)      (63,141)      4,290 2,341,711 2,376,470        25,758 2,402,228
Profit (loss) for the year                   —           —               —           —             —           — 433,996 433,996              (4,971) 429,025
Exchange differences arising on
  translation of foreign operations           —           —        (11,632)          —             —           —         —    (11,632)        (1,232)    (12,864)

Total comprehensive (expense)
  income for the year                         —           —        (11,632)          —             —           —    433,996 422,364           (6,203) 416,161
Disposal of a subsidiary                      —           —             —            —             —           —         —         —          (6,775)   (6,775)
Dividend paid                                 —           —             —            —             —           —   (136,606) (136,606)            — (136,606)

At 31 December 2024                     124,188      14,186        (21,083)     (35,313)      (63,141)      4,290 2,639,101 2,662,228        12,780 2,675,008
Profit (loss) for the year                   —           —              —            —             —           — 452,732 452,732             (2,812) 449,920
Exchange differences arising on
  translation of foreign operations           —           —          7,010           —             —           —         —      7,010         1,316       8,326

Total comprehensive income
  (expense) for the year                      —           —          7,010           —             —           —    452,732   459,742        (1,496)    458,246
Acquisition of additional interest
  in a subsidiary (Note 45)                   —           —              —       16,901            —           —         —     16,901       (22,166) (5,265)
Dividend paid                                 —           —              —           —             —           —   (217,329) (217,329)           — (217,329)

At 31 December 2025                     124,188      14,186        (14,073)     (18,412)      (63,141)      4,290 2,874,504 2,921,542       (10,882) 2,910,660


Notes:

a.       The other reserve represents (i) the excess of the consideration paid over the additional interests in net assets of respective acquired subsidiaries;
         and (ii) the capital contribution paid on behalf of the non-controlling interest.

b.       The special reserve represents adjustment in share capital on the reverse acquisition of the Company in 2004.




114        Build King Holdings Limited
                                                      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2025


                                                                                  2025                2024
                                                                               HK$’000             HK$’000

Operating activities
Profit before tax                                                               523,021            496,677
Adjustments for:
  Finance costs                                                                    6,168             16,491
  Amortisation of intangible assets                                               24,135             58,692
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                   74,087             63,700
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                             27,559             31,352
  Share of results of joint ventures                                               2,184             48,297
  Share of results of associates                                                  (3,402)               (615)
  Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                 (141)             (4,326)
  Net decrease (increase) in fair value of financial assets at FVTPL              26,543              (3,728)
  Dividends from financial assets at FVTPL                                          (228)               (173)
  Net gain arising on lease modification                                            (203)                  —
  Gain on disposal of an associate                                                (4,020)                  —
  Interest on financial assets at FVTPL                                             (290)               (811)
  Interest on bank deposits                                                      (21,382)           (14,186)
  Interest on other receivables                                                     (288)             (1,447)
  Interest on other financial asset at amortised cost                                 —                 (676)
  Interest on loan to an associate                                                    —                   (61)
  Gain on disposal of a subsidiary                                                    —             (16,960)
  Remeasurement gain of interest in joint operations                                  —               (4,760)
  Written down to net realisable value of inventory                                   —              37,489
  Impairment loss on other receivables                                                —              13,018
  Impairment loss on interest in a joint venture                                      —                6,691

Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                        653,743             724,664
Increase in inventories                                                         (14,181)             (56,814)
Decrease in debtors, deposits and prepayments                                    61,145               28,381
Decrease (increase) in contract assets                                          484,392            (283,311)
(Increase) decrease in financial assets at FVTPL                                (38,777)                5,116
Decrease in creditors and accrued charges                                      (690,649)             (41,210)
Increase in contract liabilities                                                410,830             366,660
Increase in amounts due from fellow subsidiaries                                   (371)               (1,261)
(Decrease) increase in amounts due to fellow subsidiaries                        (3,132)                5,202
Increase in amounts due from other partners of joint operations                 (13,244)             (11,743)
Increase (decrease) in amounts due to other partners of joint operations          5,165              (28,690)
Decrease in other financial asset at amortised cost                                  —                  3,036

Cash generated from operations                                                  854,921             710,030
Dividends from financial assets at FVTPL                                            228                 173
Income taxes paid                                                               (47,681)           (205,697)
Interest on financial assets at FVTPL received                                      290                 811
Interest on bank deposits received                                               21,382              14,186
Interest on loans to an associate received                                           —                   61
Interest on other financial asset at amortised cost received                         —                  676

Net cash from operating activities                                              829,140            520,240




                                                                             Annual Report 2025          115
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the year ended 31 December 2025



                                                                    2025         2024
                                                                 HK$’000      HK$’000

Investing activities
Purchases of property, plant and equipment                       (69,631)      (99,519)
Placement of time deposits                                          (557)         (765)
Repayments from (advances to) associates                          47,965            (23)
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment            1,455        10,039
Withdrawal of time deposits                                        1,372        35,100
Net cash inflow (outflow) arising on disposal of a subsidiary    132,449       (67,751)
(Advances to) repayments from a joint venture                       (214)          317
Placement of pledged bank deposits                                (9,744)      (10,914)
Redemption of shareholder loan                                   400,000             —
Acquisition of additional interest in a subsidiary                (5,265)            —
Net cash inflow arising upon completion of the unwinding              —         30,849
Payments for right-of-use assets                                      —               (8)
Repayment of other debtor                                             —         53,005
Loan repayment from an associate                                      —          2,331
Net cash inflow on acquisition of a business                          —         69,859

Net cash generated from investing activities                     497,830        22,520

Financing activities
New banks loans raised                                            100,370      117,854
Advance from an intermediate holding company                          872          1,154
Repayments of bank loans                                          (90,164)    (248,863)
Dividends paid                                                   (217,329)    (136,606)
Repayments of lease liabilities                                   (29,253)      (31,132)
Interest paid                                                      (4,640)      (14,552)
Interest paid on lease liabilities                                   (767)        (1,198)
Repayments to other creditors                                     (23,000)            —

Net cash used in financing activities                            (263,911)    (313,343)

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                       1,063,059     229,417

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year              1,530,568    1,299,649

Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                       (6,748)       1,502

Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                    2,586,879    1,530,568

Represented by:
  Bank balances and cash                                        2,586,879    1,530,568




116     Build King Holdings Limited
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2025


1.   GENERAL INFORMATION
     Build King Holdings Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in Bermuda as an exempted company with limited liability
     and its shares are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”). Its immediate holding
     company is Top Horizon Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands (“BVI”) with limited liability.
     The directors of the Company consider Wai Kee Holdings Limited (“Wai Kee”), also incorporated in Bermuda as an
     exempted company with limited liability and its shares being listed on the Stock Exchange, as the Company’s ultimate
     holding company. The addresses of the registered office and principal place of business of the Company are disclosed in
     the section headed “Corporate Information” of the annual report.

     The consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”), which is also the functional currency
     of the Company.

     The Company acts as an investment holding company. The principal activities of its principal subsidiaries, joint ventures
     and associates are set out in notes 49, 21 and 22 respectively. The Company and its subsidiaries are collectively
     hereafter referred to as the “Group”.

2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HKFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
     Amendments to an HKFRS Accounting Standard that are mandatorily effective for the current year
     In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to an HKFRS Accounting Standard as issued by the
     Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the
     Group’s annual period beginning on 1 January 2025 for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:

     Amendments to HKAS 21                                              Lack of Exchangeability

     The application of the amendments to an HKFRS Accounting Standard in the current year has had no material impact on
     the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out in these
     consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025          117
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025


2.    APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HKFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
      (Continued)
      New and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards in issue but not yet effective
      The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards that have been
      issued but are not yet effective:

      Amendments to HKAS 21                              Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation Currency3
      Amendments to HKFRS 9                              Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments2
       and HKFRS 7
      Amendments to HKFRS 9                              Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity2
       and HKFRS 7
      Amendments to HKFRS 10                             Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor
       and HKAS 28                                         and its Associate or Joint Venture1
      Amendments to HKFRS                                Annual Improvements to HKFRS Accounting Standards-Volume 112
       Accounting Standards
      HKFRS 18                                           Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements3
      1
             Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.
      2
             Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026.
      3
             Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027.

      Except for the new and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards mentioned below, the directors of the Company
      anticipate that the application of all other new and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards will have no material
      impact on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.

      Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial
      Instruments
      The amendments to HKFRS 9 “Financial Instruments” clarify the recognition and derecognition for financial asset and
      financial liability and add an exception which permits an entity to deem a financial liability to be discharged before the
      settlement date if it is settled in cash using an electronic payment system if, and only if certain conditions are met. An
      entity that elects to apply the derecognition option would be required to apply it to all settlements made through the same
      electronic payment system.

      The amendments also provide guidance on the assessment of whether the contractual cash flows of a financial asset
      are consistent with a basic lending arrangement. The amendments specify that an entity should focus on what an entity
      is being compensated for rather than the compensation amount. Contractual cash flows are inconsistent with a basic
      lending arrangement if they are indexed to a variable that is not a basic lending risk or cost. The amendments state that,
      in some cases, a contingent feature may give rise to contractual cash flows that are consistent with a basic lending
      arrangement both before and after the change in contractual cash flows, but the nature of the contingent event itself does
      not relate directly to changes in basic lending risks and costs. Furthermore, the description of the term “non-recourse” is
      enhanced and the characteristics of “contractually linked instruments” are clarified in the amendments.




118       Build King Holdings Limited
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025


2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HKFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
     (Continued)
     New and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards in issue but not yet effective (Continued)
     Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial
     Instruments (Continued)
     The disclosure requirements in HKFRS 7 “Financial Instruments: Disclosures” in respect of investments in equity
     instruments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income are amended. In particular, entities are required
     to disclose the fair value gain or loss presented in other comprehensive income during the period, showing separately
     those related to investments derecognised during the reporting period and those related to investments held at the end of
     the reporting period. An entity is also required to disclose any transfers of the cumulative gain or loss within equity related
     to the investments derecognised during the reporting period. In addition, the amendments introduce the requirements
     of qualitative and quantitative disclosure of contractual terms that could affect the contractual cash flow based on a
     contingent event not directly relating to basic lending risks and cost.

     The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026, with early application
     permitted. The application of the amendments is not expected to have significant impact on the financial position and
     performance of the Group.

     HKFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements
     HKFRS 18 “Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements” , which sets out requirements on presentation and
     disclosures in financial statements, will replace HKAS 1 “Presentation of Financial Statements” . This new HKFRS
     Accounting Standard, while carrying forward many of the requirements in HKAS 1, introduces new requirements to
     present specified categories and defined subtotals in the statement of profit or loss; provide disclosures on management-
     defined performance measures (MPMs) in the notes to the financial statements and improve aggregation and
     disaggregation of information to be disclosed in the financial statements. In addition, some HKAS 1 paragraphs have been
     moved to HKAS 8 “Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors” and HKFRS 7. Minor amendments
     to HKAS 7 “Statement of Cash Flows” and HKAS 33 “Earnings per Share” are also made.

     HKFRS 18, and amendments to other standards, will be effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January
     2027, with early application permitted. The application of the new standard is not expected to have significant impact on
     the financial performance and positions of the Group in terms of recognition and measurement. However, it is expected
     to affect the structure and presentation of the consolidated statement of profit or loss.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025         119
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025


3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
      ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
      3.1 Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements
            The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as
            issued by the HKICPA. For the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements, information is
            considered material if such information is reasonably expected to influence decisions made by primary users. In
            addition, the consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the
            Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

            The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis, except for certain financial
            instruments, which are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period, as explained in the accounting
            policies set out below.

            Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and services.

            Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
            between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or
            estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes
            into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics into
            account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure
            purposes in these consolidated financial statements is determined on such a basis, except for leasing transactions
            that are in accordance with HKFRS 16 “Leases”, and measurements that have some similarities to fair value but
            are not fair value, such as net realisable value in HKAS 2 “Inventories” or value in use in HKAS 36 “Impairment of
            Assets”.

            A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to generate
            economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that
            would use the asset in its highest and best use.

            For financial instruments and investment properties which are transacted at fair value and a valuation technique
            that unobservable inputs are to be used to measure fair value in subsequent periods, the valuation technique is
            calibrated so that at initial recognition the results of the valuation technique equals the transaction price.




120     Build King Holdings Limited
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     3.1 Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements (Continued)
         In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level 1, 2 or 3 based on
         the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the inputs to
         the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:

         •    Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity
              can access at the measurement date;

         •    Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the asset or
              liability, either directly or indirectly; and

         •    Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.

     3.2 Material accounting policy information
         Basis of consolidation
         The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities controlled
         by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:

         •    has power over the investee;

         •    is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and

         •    has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

         The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are
         changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

         Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the
         Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of
         during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss from the date the Group gains control
         until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

         Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the Company and to the
         non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed to the owners of the Company
         and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

         When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies
         in line with the Group’s accounting policies.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025         121
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025


3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
      ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
            Basis of consolidation (Continued)
            All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between
            members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

            Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein, which represent
            present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net assets of the relevant subsidiaries
            upon liquidation.

            Changes in the Group’s interests in existing subsidiaries
            Changes in the Group’s interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the Group losing control over the subsidiaries
            are accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amounts of the Group’s relevant components of equity
            and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative interests in the subsidiaries,
            including re-attribution of relevant reserves between the Group and the non-controlling interests according to the
            Group’s and the non-controlling interests’ proportionate interests.

            Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted, and the fair value of the
            consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to owners of the Company.

            Business combinations or asset acquisitions
            Optional concentration test
            The Group can elect to apply an optional concentration test, on a transaction-by-transaction basis, that permits a
            simplified assessment of whether an acquired set of activities and assets is not a business. The concentration test
            is met if substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset
            or group of similar identifiable assets. The gross assets under assessment exclude cash and cash equivalents,
            deferred tax assets, and goodwill resulting from the effects of deferred tax liabilities. If the concentration test is met,
            the set of activities and assets is determined not to be a business and no further assessment is needed.

            Asset acquisitions
            When the Group acquires a group of assets and liabilities that do not constitute a business, the Group identifies
            and recognises the individual identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed by allocating the purchase price
            first to financial assets/financial liabilities at the respective fair values, the remaining balance of the purchase price
            is then allocated to the other identifiable assets and liabilities on the basis of their relative fair values at the date of
            purchase. Such a transaction does not give rise to goodwill or bargain purchase gain.




122     Build King Holdings Limited
                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
         Basis of consolidation (Continued)
         Business combinations or asset acquisitions (Continued)
         Business combinations
         A business is an integrated set of activities and assets which includes an input and a substantive process that
         together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. The acquired processes are considered substantive
         if they are critical to the ability to continue producing outputs, including an organised workforce with the necessary
         skills, knowledge, or experience to perform the related processes or they significantly contribute to the ability to
         continue producing outputs and are considered unique or scarce or cannot be replaced without significant cost,
         effort, or delay in the ability to continue producing outputs.

         Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in a
         business combination is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition-date fair values of
         the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the
         equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition-related costs are generally
         recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

         For business combinations in which the acquisition date is on or after 1 January 2023, the identifiable assets
         acquired and liabilities assumed must meet the definitions of an asset and a liability in the Conceptual Framework
         for Financial Reporting 2018 issued in June 2018 (the “Conceptual Framework”) except for transactions and events
         within the scope of HKAS 37 or HK(IFRIC) - Int 21, in which the Group applies HKAS 37 or HK(IFRIC) - Int 21
         instead of the Conceptual Framework to identify the liabilities it has assumed in a business combination. Contingent
         assets are not recognised.

         At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognised at their fair values,
         except that:

         •    deferred tax assets or liabilities, and liabilities or assets related to employee benefit arrangements are
              recognised and measured in accordance with HKAS 12 “Income Taxes” and HKAS 19 “Employee Benefits”
              respectively;

         •    liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree or share-based
              payment arrangements of the Group entered into to replace share-based payment arrangements of the
              acquiree are measured in accordance with HKFRS 2 “Share-based Payment” at the acquisition date;




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025         123
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025


3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
      ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
            Basis of consolidation (Continued)
            Business combinations or asset acquisitions (Continued)
            Business combinations (Continued)
            •     assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with HKFRS 5 “Non-current
                  Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations” are measured in accordance with that standard; and

            •     lease liabilities are recognised and measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments (as defined
                  in HKFRS 16) as if the acquired leases were new leases at the acquisition date, except for leases for (a) which
                  the lease term ends within 12 months of the acquisition date; or (b) the underlying asset is of low value. Right-
                  of-use assets are recognised and measured at the same amount as the relevant lease liabilities, adjusted to
                  reflect favourable or unfavourable terms of the lease when compared with market terms.

            Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling
            interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree (if any)
            over the net amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed as at acquisition date.

            Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate share of
            the relevant subsidiary’s net assets in the event of liquidation are initially measured at the non-controlling interests’
            proportionate share of the recognised amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets or at fair value. The choice
            of measurement basis is made on a transaction-by-transaction basis.

            Goodwill
            Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of acquisition of the
            business (see the accounting policy above) less accumulated impairment losses, if any.

            For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units (“CGUs”)
            (or groups of CGUs) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination, which represent the lowest
            level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes and not larger than an operating
            segment.

            A CGU (or group of CGUs) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment annually or more frequently
            when there is indication that the unit may be impaired.

            The Group’s policy for goodwill arising on the acquisition of an associate and a joint venture is described below.




124     Build King Holdings Limited
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2025


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
         Revenue from contracts with customers
         The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control” of the goods or
         services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.

         A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or a series
         of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.

         Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress towards complete
         satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:

         •    the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance as the
              Group performs;

         •    the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs; or

         •    the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an
              enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

         Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct good or
         service.

         Contract assets on construction contracts represent the Group’s right to consideration for work completed and
         not billed as the rights are conditional on the Group’s future performance in satisfying the respective performance
         obligations. It is assessed for impairment in accordance with HKFRS 9. In contrast, a receivable represents the
         Group’s unconditional right to consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required before payment of that
         consideration is due.

         Contract liabilities on construction contracts represent the Group’s obligation to transfer project works to customers
         for which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customers.

         A contract asset and a contract liability relating to the same contract are accounted for and presented on a net
         basis.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025         125
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025


3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
      ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
            Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
            Over time revenue recognition: measurement of progress towards complete satisfaction of a
            performance obligation
            Output method
            The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is measured based on output method,
            which is to recognise revenue on the basis of direct measurements of the value of the goods or services transferred
            to the customer to date relative to the remaining goods or services promised under the contract, that best depict
            the Group’s performance in transferring control of goods or services.

            As a practical expedient, if the Group has a right to consideration in an amount that corresponds directly with the
            value of the Group’s performance completed to date, the Group recognises revenue in the amount to which the
            Group has the right to invoice.

            Variable consideration
            For contracts that contain variable consideration (variation order of construction contract), the Group estimates
            the amount of consideration to which it will be entitled using either (a) the expected value method or (b) the most
            likely amount, depending on which method better predicts the amount of consideration to which the Group will be
            entitled.

            The estimated amount of variable consideration is included in the transaction price only to the extent that it is highly
            probable that such an inclusion will not result in a significant revenue reversal in the future when the uncertainty
            associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.

            At the end of each reporting period, the Group updates the estimated transaction price (including updating its
            assessment of whether an estimate of variable consideration is constrained) to represent faithfully the circumstances
            present at the end of the reporting period and the changes in circumstances during the reporting period.

            Investments in associates and joint ventures
            An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to
            participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint control over those
            policies.

            A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights
            to the net assets of the joint arrangement. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an
            arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require unanimous consent of the
            parties sharing control.




126     Build King Holdings Limited
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
         Investments in associates and joint ventures (Continued)
         The results and assets and liabilities of associates and joint ventures are incorporated in these consolidated financial
         statements using the equity method of accounting. The financial statements of associates and joint ventures used
         for equity accounting purposes are prepared using uniform accounting policies as those of the Group for like
         transactions and events in similar circumstances. Under the equity method, an investment in an associate or a
         joint venture is initially recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost and adjusted thereafter
         to recognise the Group’s share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income of the associate or joint
         venture. Changes in net assets of the associate/joint venture other than profit or loss and other comprehensive
         income are not accounted for unless such changes resulted in changes in ownership interest held by the Group.
         When the Group’s share of losses of an associate or joint venture exceeds the Group’s interest in that associate
         or joint venture (which includes any long-term interests that, in substance, form part of the Group’s net investment
         in the associate or joint venture), the Group discontinues recognising its share of further losses. Additional losses
         are provided for, and a liability is recognised only to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive
         obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate or joint venture.

         An investment in an associate or a joint venture is accounted for using the equity method from the date on which
         the investee becomes an associate or a joint venture. On acquisition of the investment in an associate or a joint
         venture, any excess of the cost of the investment over the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable
         assets and liabilities of the investee is recognised as goodwill, which is included within the carrying amount of the
         investment.

         The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate or a joint venture may
         be impaired. When any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of the investment (including goodwill)
         is tested for impairment in accordance with HKAS 36 as a single asset by comparing its recoverable amount (higher
         of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its carrying amount. Any impairment loss recognised is not
         allocated to any asset, including goodwill, that forms part of the carrying amount of the investment.

         When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate or joint control over a joint venture, it is
         accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in the investee with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in
         profit or loss.

         When a group entity transacts with an associate or a joint venture of the Group, profits and losses resulting from the
         transactions with the associate or joint venture are recognised in the Group’s consolidated financial statements only
         to the extent of interests in the associate or joint venture that are not related to the Group.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025         127
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025


3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
      ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
            Investments in associates and joint ventures (Continued)
            Changes in the Group’s interest in associates and joint ventures
            The Group continues to use the equity method when an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a
            joint venture or an investment in a joint venture becomes an investment in an associate. There is no remeasurement
            to fair value upon such changes in ownership interests.

            Interests in joint operations
            A joint operation is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights
            to the assets, and obligations for the liabilities, relating to the joint arrangement. Joint control is the contractually
            agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require
            unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.

            The Group accounts for the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses relating to its interest in a joint operation
            in accordance with the HKFRS Accounting Standards applicable to the particular assets, liabilities, revenues and
            expenses.

            When a group entity transacts with a joint operation in which a group entity is a joint operator (such as a sale or
            contribution of assets), the Group is considered to be conducting the transaction with the other parties to the
            joint operation, and gains and losses resulting from the transaction are recognised in the consolidated financial
            statements only to the extent of other parties’ interests in the joint operation.

            When a group entity transacts with a joint operation in which a group entity is a joint operator (such as a purchase
            of assets), the Group does not recognise its share of the gains and losses until it resells those assets to a third
            party.

            Property, plant and equipment
            Property, plant and equipment are tangible assets held for use in the production or supply of goods or services,
            or for administrative purposes (other than properties under construction as described below). Property, plant and
            equipment are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost less subsequent accumulated
            depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any.




128     Build King Holdings Limited
                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
         Property, plant and equipment (Continued)
         Plant in the course of construction for production, supply or administrative purposes are carried at cost, less any
         recognised impairment loss. Costs include any costs directly attributable to bringing the asset to the location and
         condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management, including cost of
         testing whether the related assets is functioning property in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy. Sales
         proceeds of items that are produced while bringing an item of property, plant and equipment to the location and
         condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management (such as samples
         produced when testing whether the asset is functioning properly), and the related costs of producing those items
         are recognised in the profit or loss. The cost of those items are measured in accordance with the measurement
         requirements of HKAS 2. Depreciation of these assets, on the same basis as other property assets, commences
         when the assets are ready for their intended use.

         When the Group makes payments for ownership interests of properties which includes both leasehold land and
         building elements, the entire consideration is allocated between the leasehold land and the building elements in
         proportion to the relative fair values at initial recognition. To the extent the allocation of the relevant payments can
         be made reliably, interest in leasehold land is presented as “right-of-use assets” in the consolidated statement
         of financial position. When the consideration cannot be allocated reliably between non-lease building element
         and undivided interest in the underlying leasehold land, the entire properties are classified as property, plant and
         equipment.

         Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of assets other than plant under construction less their
         residual values over their estimated useful lives, using the straight line method. The estimated useful lives, residual
         values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in
         estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.

         An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are
         expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement of an
         item of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying
         amount of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.

         Service concession arrangements
         A service concession arrangement is an arrangement whereby a government or other public sector body contracts
         with a private operator to develop (or upgrade), operate and maintain infrastructure assets. The grantor controls or
         regulates what services the operator must provide using the assets, to whom, and at what price, and also controls
         significant residual interest in the assets at the end of the term of the arrangement.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025         129
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025


3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
      ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
            Service concession arrangements (Continued)
            The Group, as an operator, recognises a financial asset if it has an unconditional contractual right to receive cash
            from or at the direction of the grantor for the construction services. The Group measures the financial asset at fair
            value on its initial recognition. At the end of each reporting period subsequent to initial recognition, the financial
            asset is carried at amortised cost using the effective interest method, less any identified impairment losses (see
            accounting policy on financial assets below).

            When the Group has a right to charge for usage of concession infrastructure (as a consideration for providing
            construction service in a service concession arrangement), it recognises an intangible asset at fair value upon initial
            recognition (see accounting policy on intangible assets below).

            The Group recognises and measures revenue for the services in relation to the operation of the plant under a service
            concession arrangement in accordance with HKFRS 15 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers”.

            Leases
            Definition of a lease
            A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a
            period of time in exchange for consideration.

            The Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under HKFRS 16 at
            inception of the contract. Such contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the contract are
            subsequently changed.

            The Group as a lessee
            Short-term leases
            The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases of office premises that have a lease term of
            12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option. Lease payments on short-
            term leases are recognised as expense on a straight line basis or another systematic basis over the lease term.

            Right-of-use assets
            The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amounts of the initial measurement of the lease liabilities.

            Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted
            for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.




130     Build King Holdings Limited
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
         Leases (Continued)
         The Group as a lessee (Continued)
         Right-of-use assets (Continued)
         Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life and the lease
         term.

         The Group presents right-of-use assets as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.

         Refundable rental deposits
         Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under HKFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value. Adjustments to
         fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and included in the cost of right-of-use
         assets.

         Lease liabilities
         At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognises and measures the lease liability at the present value
         of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses
         the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily
         determinable. The incremental borrowing rate depends on the term, currency and start date of the lease and is
         determined based on a series of inputs including: the risk-free rate based on government bond rates and an entity-
         specific adjustment whether the risk profile of the entity that enters into the lease is different to that of the Group
         and whether the lease benefit from a guarantee from the Group.

         The lease payments include:

         •     fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable; and

         •     payments of penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising an option to
               terminate the lease.

         After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.

         The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025         131
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025


3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
      ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
            Leases (Continued)
            The Group as a lessee (Continued)
            Lease modifications
            The Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:

            •     the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying assets;
                  and

            •     the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone price for the
                  increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to reflect the circumstances of
                  the particular contract.

            For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease liability, less
            any lease incentives receivable, based on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting the revised lease
            payments using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.

            The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making corresponding adjustments to the relevant
            right-of-use asset.

            Foreign currencies
            In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other than the
            functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchanges prevailing on the
            dates of the transactions. At the end of the reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are
            retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated in
            foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing on the date when the fair value was determined. When a
            fair value gain or loss on a non-monetary item is recognised in profit or loss, any exchange component of that gain
            or loss is also recognised in profit or loss. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a
            foreign currency are not retranslated.

            Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the re-translation of monetary items, are
            recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise, except for exchange differences on monetary items
            receivable from or payable to a foreign operation for which settlement is neither planned nor likely to occur in the
            foreseeable future (therefore forming part of the net investment in the foreign operation), which are recognised
            initially in other comprehensive income and reclassified from equity to profit or loss on disposal or partial disposal of
            the Group’s interests in the foreign operation.




132     Build King Holdings Limited
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
         Foreign currencies (Continued)
         For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Group’s
         operations are translated into the presentation currency of the Group (i.e. Hong Kong dollars) using exchange rate
         prevailing at the end of the reporting period. Income and expenses items are translated at the average exchange
         rates for the year, unless exchange rates fluctuate significantly during the period, in which case, the exchange
         rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions are used. Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognised in
         other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity under the heading of translation reserve (attributed to non-
         controlling interests as appropriate).

         Retirement benefit costs
         Payments to the defined contribution retirement benefit plans, including state-managed retirement schemes and
         Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes (“MPF Schemes”), are recognised as an expense when employees have
         rendered service entitling them to the contributions.

         Termination benefits
         A liability for a termination benefit is recognised at the earlier of when the Group entity can no longer withdraw the
         offer of the termination benefit and when it recognises any related restructuring costs.

         Short-term and other long-term employee benefits
         Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected to be paid as
         and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are recognised as an expense unless
         another HKFRS Accounting Standards requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an asset.

         A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries and annual leave) after
         deducting any amount already paid.

         Liabilities recognised in respect of other long-term employee benefits are measured at the present value of the
         estimated future cash outflows expected to be made by the Group in respect of services provided by employees
         up to the reporting date. Any changes in the liabilities’ carrying amounts resulting from service cost, interest and
         remeasurements are recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that another HKFRS requires or permits their
         inclusion in the cost of an asset.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025         133
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025


3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
      ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
            Taxation
            Income tax expense represents the sum of current and deferred income tax expense.

            The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit before tax because
            of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that are never taxable or deductible.
            The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by
            the end of the reporting period.

            Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in
            the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax base used in the computation of taxable profit.
            Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are
            generally recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will
            be available against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such deferred tax assets and
            liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition (other than in a business
            combination) of assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit
            and at the time of the transaction does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences. In
            addition, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of
            goodwill.

            Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries
            and associates, and interests in joint ventures, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the
            temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
            Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments and interests
            are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilise
            the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.

            The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of the reporting period and reduced to the
            extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be
            recovered.

            Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in which the
            liability is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rate (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively
            enacted by the end of the reporting period.

            The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the
            manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of
            its assets and liabilities.

            Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets
            against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same taxable entity by the same
            taxation authority.




134     Build King Holdings Limited
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2025


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
         Intangible assets
         Intangible assets acquired separately
         Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at costs less accumulated
         amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation for intangible assets with finite useful lives
         is recognised on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The estimated useful life and amortisation
         method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being
         accounted for on a prospective basis. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives that are acquired separately are
         carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

         Intangible assets acquired in a business combination
         Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are recognised separately from goodwill and are initially
         recognised at their fair values at the acquisition date (which is regarded at their cost).

         Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination with finite useful lives are
         reported at costs less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses, on the same basis as
         intangible assets that are acquired separately. Intangible assets acquired in a business combination with indefinite
         useful lives are carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

         An intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are expected from use or
         disposal. Gains and losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset, measured as the difference between
         the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset, are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is
         derecognised.

         Inventories
         Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost of inventories are determined on a weighted
         average method. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price for inventories less all estimated costs
         of completion and costs necessary to make the sale. Costs necessary to make the sale include incremental costs
         directly attributable to the sale and non-incremental costs which the Group must incur to make the sale.

         Inventories include leasehold lands held for sale. The carrying amount of leasehold lands is measured at cost less
         any accumulated deprecation and impairment losses. The residual values are determined as the estimated disposal
         value of the leasehold land.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025         135
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025


3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
      ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
            Properties under development
            Properties under development which are intended to be sold upon completion of development are classified as
            current assets. Except for the leasehold land element which is measured at cost model in accordance with the
            accounting policies of right of use assets, properties under development are carried at the lower of cost and net
            realisable value. Cost is determined on a specific identification basis including allocation of related development
            expenditure incurred. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price for the properties less estimated
            cost to completion and costs necessary to make the sales. Cost necessary to make the sale include incremental
            costs directly attributable to the sale and non-incremental costs which the Group must incur to make the sale.

            Properties under development are transferred to properties for sale upon completion.

            Provisions
            Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past
            event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle that obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of
            the account of the obligation.

            The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present
            obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the
            obligation. When a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation, its carrying
            amount is the present value of those cash flows (where the effect of the time value of money is material).

            Onerous contracts
            Present obligations arising under onerous contracts are recognised and measured as provisions. An onerous
            contract is considered to exist where the Group has a contract under which the unavoidable costs of meeting
            the obligations under the contract exceed the economic benefits expected to be received from the contract. The
            unavoidable costs under a contract reflect the least net cost of exiting from the contract, which is the lower of the
            net cost of fulfilling it and any compensation or penalties arising from failure to fulfil it.

            When assessing whether a contract is onerous or loss-making, the Group includes costs that relate directly to the
            contract, consisting of both the incremental costs and an allocation of other costs that relate directly to fulfilling
            contracts.

            Financial instruments
            Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the contractual
            provisions of the instruments. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and
            derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that
            require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the market place.




136     Build King Holdings Limited
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2025


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
         Financial instruments (Continued)
         Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivables arising from
         contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with HKFRS 15. Transaction costs that are
         directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets
         and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)) are added to or deducted from the fair value of
         the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable
         to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

         The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial liability
         and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate
         that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees and points paid or received
         that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through
         the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying
         amount on initial recognition.

         Financial assets
         All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis.
         Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the
         time frame established generally by regulation or convention in the market place concerned.

         All recognised financial assets are measured subsequently in their entirety at either amortised cost or fair value,
         depending on the classification of the financial assets.

         Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
         Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

         •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows; and

         •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
               interest on the principal amount outstanding.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025         137
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025


3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
      ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
            Financial instruments (Continued)
            Financial assets (Continued)
            Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (Continued)
            A financial asset is held for trading if:

            •      it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or

            •      on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages
                   together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or

            •      it is a derivative, except for a derivative that is a designated and effective as a hedging instrument.

            In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that are required to be measured at the amortised
            cost or fair value through other comprehensive income as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly
            reduces an accounting mismatch.

            (i)    Amortised cost and interest income

                   Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured subsequently
                   at amortised cost. Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying
                   amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired (see
                   below). For financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by
                   applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from the next reporting period.
                   If the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer
                   credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying
                   amount of the financial asset from the beginning of the reporting period following the determination that the
                   asset is no longer credit-impaired.

            (ii)   Financial assets at FVTPL

                   Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost are measured at FVTPL.

                   Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with any fair value
                   gains or losses recognised in profit or loss. The net gain or loss recognised in profit or loss excludes any
                   dividend or interest earned on the financial asset and is included in the “change in fair value of financial assets
                   at FVTPL” line item. Dividend and interest earned on the financial asset are included in the “investments and
                   other income” line item.




138     Build King Holdings Limited
                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
         Financial instruments (Continued)
         Financial assets (Continued)
         Impairment of financial assets and other items subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9
         The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model on financial assets (including
         other financial asset at amortised cost, trade and other debtors, amounts due from fellow subsidiaries, a joint
         venture, associates and other partners of joint operations, bills receivables, pledged bank deposits, time deposits
         with original maturity of not less than three months and bank balances) and contract assets which are subject to
         impairment assessment under HKFRS 9. The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in
         credit risk since initial recognition.

         Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of the relevant
         instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to result
         from default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date. Assessment are done based on the
         Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic
         conditions and an assessment of past events and current conditions at the reporting date as well as the forecast of
         future economic conditions.

         The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade debtors and contract assets without significant financing
         component.

         For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless there has been a
         significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, in which case the Group recognises lifetime ECL. The
         assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant increases in the likelihood or risk
         of a default occurring since initial recognition.

         (i)   Significant increase in credit risk

               In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares
               the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default
               occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the
               Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including
               historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort. Forward-
               looking information considered includes the future prospects of the industries in which the Group’s debtors
               operate, obtained from economic expert reports, financial analysts, governmental bodies, relevant think-tanks
               and other similar organisations, as well as consideration of various external sources of actual and forecast
               economic information that relate to the Group’s core operations.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025         139
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025


3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
      ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
            Financial instruments (Continued)
            Financial assets (Continued)
            Impairment of financial assets and other items subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9 (Continued)
            (i)    Significant increase in credit risk (Continued)

                   In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has increased
                   significantly:

                   •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available) or internal
                         credit rating;

                   •     significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase in the credit
                         spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;

                   •     existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected to
                         cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;

                   •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;

                   •     an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological
                         environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt
                         obligations.

                   Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk has increased
                   significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due, unless the
                   Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.

                   The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a
                   significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable of
                   identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.

            (ii)   Definition of default

                   For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when information
                   developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its creditors,
                   including the Group, in full (without taking into account any collaterals held by the Group).




140     Build King Holdings Limited
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
         Financial instruments (Continued)
         Financial assets (Continued)
         Impairment of financial assets and other items subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9 (Continued)
         (ii)    Definition of default (Continued)

                 Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is more than
                 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate that a more
                 lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

         (iii)   Credit-impaired financial assets

                 A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated
                 future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired
                 includes observable data about the following events:

                 (a)   significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;

                 (b)   a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

                 (c)   the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s financial
                       difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not otherwise consider;
                       or

                 (d)   it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation.

         (iv)    Write-off policy

                 The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is in severe
                 financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when the counterparty has been
                 placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings. Financial assets written off may still be
                 subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice
                 where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any subsequent recoveries are recognised in
                 profit or loss.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025         141
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025


3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
      ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
            Financial instruments (Continued)
            Financial assets (Continued)
            Impairment of financial assets and other items subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9 (Continued)
            (v)   Measurement and recognition of ECL

                  The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude of
                  the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default and
                  loss given default is based on historical data and forward-looking information. Estimation of ECL reflects an
                  unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined with the respective risks of default occurring as
                  the weights.

                  Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in
                  accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the
                  effective interest rate determined at initial recognition. Lifetime ECL for trade receivables and contract assets
                  are considered individually taking into consideration past due information and relevant credit information, such
                  as forward looking macroeconomic information.

                  The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each group continue to share
                  similar credit risk characteristics.

                  Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the financial
                  asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on amortised cost of the financial
                  asset.

                  The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by adjusting their
                  carrying amount, with the exception of trade debtors, contract assets and amounts due from other partners of
                  joint operations where the corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance account.

            Derecognition of financial assets
            The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire.

            On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s carrying
            amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss.




142     Build King Holdings Limited
                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
     ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
         Financial instruments (Continued)
         Financial liabilities and equity
         Classification as debt or equity
         Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the substance
         of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.

         Equity instruments
         An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting all of
         its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the proceeds received, net of direct issue
         costs.

         Financial liabilities at amortised cost
         Financial liabilities including creditors and accrued charges, amounts due to an intermediate holding company,
         fellow subsidiaries, an associate, other partners of joint operations and non-controlling interests, bank loans and
         other creditors are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method.

         Derecognition of financial liabilities
         The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged, cancelled
         or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised and the
         consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.

         Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets other than
         goodwill
         At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property, plant and equipment,
         right-of-use assets and intangible assets with finite useful to determine whether there is any indication that these
         assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset (or a
         cash-generating unit) is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any).

         The recoverable amount of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets are estimated
         individually. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the Group estimates the
         recoverable amount of the CGU to which the asset belongs.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025         143
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025


3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MATERIAL
      ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
            Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets other than
            goodwill (Continued)
            In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, corporate assets are allocated to the relevant cash-generating unit
            when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established, or otherwise they are allocated to the
            smallest group of cash generating units for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis can be established.
            The recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units to which the
            corporate asset belongs, and is compared with the carrying amount of the relevant cash-generating unit or group of
            cash-generating units.

            Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value in use,
            the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects
            current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset (or a CGU) for which the
            estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

            If the recoverable amount of asset (or a CGU) is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount
            of the asset (or a CGU) is reduced to its recoverable amount. For corporate assets or portion of corporate assets
            which cannot be allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis to a CGU, the Group compares the carrying
            amount of a group of CGUs, including the carrying amounts of the corporate assets or portion of corporate assets
            allocated to that group of CGUs, with the recoverable amount of the group of CGUs. In allocating the impairment
            loss, the impairment is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill (if applicable) and then to
            other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit or the group of CGUs. The
            carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest of its fair value less costs of disposal (if measureable),
            its value in use (if determinable) and zero. The amount of the impairment loss that would otherwise have been
            allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to the other assets of the unit or the group of CGUs. An impairment loss
            is recognised immediately in profit or loss.




144     Build King Holdings Limited
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2025


4.   KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
     In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, the directors of the Company are required to make judgments,
     estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other
     sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are
     considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

     The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
     recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of the
     revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

     Key sources of estimation uncertainty
     The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end
     of the reporting period, that may have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets
     and liabilities within the next financial year.

     Measurement of contract sum of construction contracts
     The management recognises revenue on the basis of direct measurement of the value of construction work transferred
     to the customer to date. Management estimates the contract sum and budgeted costs at the commencement of the
     construction contracts and regularly assesses the progress of construction works as well as the financial impact of scope
     changes, claims, disputes and liquidation damages. The management’s estimate of the revenue requires significant
     judgement and has a significant impact on the amount of the revenue recognised. There are internal qualified surveyors
     to measure the value of the construction work completed for each construction projects periodically. The construction
     contracts performed by the Group would also be certified by the independent quantity surveyors periodically according to
     the construction contracts. The Group regularly reviews and revises the estimation of contract sum for each constructions
     contract, the contract progresses and certifications issued by the independent quantity surveyors. As disclosed in note
     5 to the consolidated financial statements, the revenue recognised from construction contract was HK$13,601,982,000
     (2024: HK$14,153,310,000).

     Income taxes
     The realisability of the deferred tax asset mainly depends on whether sufficient future profit or taxable temporary
     differences will be available in the future. In cases where the actual future taxable profits generated are more than
     expected, or change in facts and circumstances which result in revision of future taxable profits estimation, a material
     recognition of deferred tax assets may arise, which will be recognised in profit or loss in the period in which such
     a recognition takes place. As at 31 December 2025, no deferred tax asset has been recognised in the Group’s
     consolidated statement of financial position in relation to unused tax losses of HK$437,241,000 (2024: HK$382,991,000)
     due to unpredictability of future profit streams.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025            145
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025


5.    REVENUE FROM SERVICES
      (i)   Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers
                                                                                   2025
                                                                             Other regions
                                                                            in the People’s
                                                                                Republic of
                                                                                      China
             Segments                                             Hong Kong      (the“PRC”)   Consolidated
                                                                    HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000

             Types of service
             Construction contract                                    13,601,982         —      13,601,982
             Sewage treatment plant operation                                 —      24,449         24,449
             Steam fuel plant operation                                       —     216,273        216,273

             Total revenue                                            13,601,982    240,722     13,842,704

             Timing of revenue recognition
             Over time                                                13,601,982    240,722     13,842,704


                                                                                   2024
             Segments                                                 Hong Kong    The PRC     Consolidated
                                                                        HK$’000    HK$’000        HK$’000

             Types of service
             Construction contract                                    14,153,310         —      14,153,310
             Sewage treatment plant operation                                 —      48,902         48,902
             Steam fuel plant operation                                       —     166,324        166,324

             Total revenue                                            14,153,310    215,226     14,368,536

             Timing of revenue recognition
             Over time                                                14,153,310    215,226     14,368,536




146     Build King Holdings Limited
                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2025


5.   REVENUE FROM SERVICES (Continued)
     (ii)   Performance obligations for contracts with customers
            Construction contract
            The Group provides construction services to customers. Such services are recognised as a performance obligation
            satisfied over time as the Group creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the asset is created
            or enhanced. Revenue is recognised for these construction services based on the value of construction work using
            output method.

            A contract asset, net of contract liability related to the same contract, is recognised over the period in which the
            construction services are performed representing the Group’s right to consideration for the services performed
            because the rights are conditioned on the Group’s future performance in achieving specified milestones or the value
            of construction work has to be agreed with the customers. The contract assets are transferred to trade receivables
            when the rights become unconditional. The Group typically transfer the contract assets to trade receivables when
            the Group issued invoice to the customers based on the value of work certified by independent quantity surveyors.

            Retention receivables, prior to expiration of defect liability period, are classified as contract assets, which ranges
            from one to two years from the date of the practical completion of the construction. The relevant amount of contract
            asset is reclassified to trade receivables when the defect liability period expires. The defect liability period serves as
            an assurance that the construction services performed comply with agreed upon specifications and such assurance
            cannot be purchased separately.

            Sewage treatment plant and steam fuel plant operation
            For steam fuel plant operation, where the Group acts as principal and is primarily responsible for providing the
            steam fuel services for the public in the PRC. For sewage treatment plant, where the Group act as an operator to
            operate the sewage treatment for the public in the PRC. The operations simultaneously receives and consumes
            the benefit provided by the Group’s performance as the Group performs, the Group recognises the fee received
            or receivable from the customers based on their usage, which is agreed upfront, as its revenue over time and all
            related sewage treatment and steam fuel costs as its cost of services.

     (iii) Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation for contracts with customers
            For construction contracts, the transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations (unsatisfied
            or partially unsatisfied) as at 31 December 2025 amounting to HK$30,283,000,000 (2024: HK$31,267,000,000).
            Management expects that all the remaining performance obligations will be recognised as revenue over the next five
            years (2024: six years) from the end of the reporting period.

            All sewage treatment plant and steam fuel plant service income is for period less than one year. As permitted under
            HKFRS 15, the transaction price allocated to these unsatisfied contracts is not disclosed.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025         147
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025


6.    SEGMENTAL INFORMATION
      The Group is mainly engaged in construction work. Information reported to the Company’s chief operating decision
      maker, i.e. the executive directors, for the purposes of resource allocation and assessment of performance is focused on
      geographical location of its customers including Hong Kong and the PRC. No operating segments have been aggregated
      in arriving at the reportable segments of the Group. The Group’s reportable and operating segments under HKFRS 8
      “Operating Segments” are summarised as follows:

      Year ended 31 December 2025

                                                                             Hong Kong           The PRC             Total
                                                                               HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000

      Results
      Segment revenue                                                         13,601,982          240,722        13,842,704

      Segment profit                                                             529,749            34,421          564,170

      Unallocated expenses                                                                                          (10,174)
      Investments income                                                                                                518
      Net decrease in fair value of financial assets at FVTPL                                                       (26,543)
      Share of results of joint ventures                                                                             (2,184)
      Share of results of associates                                                                                  3,402
      Finance costs                                                                                                  (6,168)

      Profit before tax                                                                                             523,021


      Year ended 31 December 2024

                                                                              Hong Kong           The PRC             Total
                                                                                HK$’000           HK$’000          HK$’000

      Results
      Segment revenue                                                         14,153,310          215,226        14,368,536

      Segment profit (loss)                                                      581,051           (16,880)         564,171

      Unallocated expenses                                                                                            (8,033)
      Investments income                                                                                                 984
      Net increase in fair value of financial assets at FVTPL                                                          3,728
      Share of results of joint ventures                                                                            (48,297)
      Share of results of associates                                                                                     615
      Finance costs                                                                                                 (16,491)

      Profit before tax                                                                                             496,677




148     Build King Holdings Limited
                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025


6.   SEGMENTAL INFORMATION (Continued)
     There are no inter-segment sales for both years. All of the segment revenue reported above is from external customers.

     Segment profit (loss) represents the profit earned (loss incurred) by each segment without allocation of dividends from
     financial assets at FVTPL, interest on financial assets at FVTPL, change in fair value of financial assets at FVTPL, share of
     results of joint ventures and associates, finance costs and unallocated expenses.

     At 31 December 2025

                                                                               Hong Kong            The PRC              Total
                                                                                 HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000

     Assets
     Segment assets                                                              4,592,589           681,492          5,274,081

     Interests in joint ventures                                                                                          4,160
     Interests in associates                                                                                             38,835
     Unallocated assets                                                                                               3,113,816

     Total consolidated assets                                                                                        8,430,892

     Liabilities
     Segment liabilities                                                         5,200,543           133,017          5,333,560

     Obligations in excess of interests in joint ventures                                                                   767
     Obligations in excess of interests in associates                                                                     9,393
     Unallocated liabilities                                                                                            176,512

     Total consolidated liabilities                                                                                   5,520,232


     For the year ended 31 December 2025

                                                                               Hong Kong            The PRC              Total
                                                                                 HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000

     Amounts included in the measure of segment profit or
      loss or segment assets:

     Additions to property, plant and equipment                                     39,033             30,598             69,631
     Additions to right-of-use assets                                               12,553                 —              12,553
     Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                  35,148             38,939             74,087
     Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                            27,263                296             27,559
     Amortisation of intangible assets                                              17,667              6,468             24,135
     Interest income on bank deposits, other receivables, other financial
        asset at amortised cost and loan to an associate                            20,131              1,539             21,670
     Gain (loss) on disposal of property, plant and equipment                          619               (478)               141




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025         149
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025


6.    SEGMENTAL INFORMATION (Continued)
      At 31 December 2024

                                                                            Hong Kong   The PRC       Total
                                                                              HK$’000   HK$’000    HK$’000

      Assets
      Segment assets                                                        5,268,918   724,792   5,993,710

      Interests in joint ventures                                                                     6,030
      Interests in associates                                                                        35,430
      Unallocated assets                                                                          2,439,963

      Total consolidated assets                                                                   8,475,133

      Liabilities
      Segment liabilities                                                   5,501,523   142,200   5,643,723

      Obligations in excess of interests in joint ventures                                             453
      Obligations in excess of interests in associates                                              13,410
      Unallocated liabilities                                                                      142,539

      Total consolidated liabilities                                                              5,800,125


      For the year ended 31 December 2024

                                                                            Hong Kong   The PRC       Total
                                                                              HK$’000   HK$’000    HK$’000

      Amounts included in the measure of segment profit or
       loss or segment assets:

      Additions to property, plant and equipment                               40,244    59,275     99,519
      Additions to right-of-use assets                                         11,672         8     11,680
      Additions to intangible assets                                           62,881        —      62,881
      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                            31,447    32,253     63,700
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                      31,071       281     31,352
      Amortisation of intangible assets                                        45,214    13,478     58,692
      Interest income on bank deposits, other receivables,
         other financial asset at amortised cost and loan to an associate      14,503     1,867     16,370
      Written down to net realisable value of inventory                        37,489        —      37,489
      Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment                         1,478     2,848      4,326
      Gain on disposal of a subsidiary                                             —     16,960     16,960
      Impairment loss recognised on interest in a joint venture                    —      6,691      6,691
      Impairment loss recognised on other receivables                          13,018        —      13,018




150     Build King Holdings Limited
                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2025


6.   SEGMENTAL INFORMATION (Continued)
     For the purposes of monitoring segment performance and allocating resources between segments:

     •     all assets are allocated to reportable segments other than goodwill, interests in joint ventures and associates,
           financial assets at FVTPL, tax recoverable, pledged bank deposits, time deposit with original maturity of not less
           than three months and bank balances and cash; and

     •     all liabilities are allocated to reportable segments other than certain amounts due to an intermediate holding
           company and an associate, tax payable, bank loans, deferred tax liabilities and obligations in excess of interests in
           joint ventures and associates.

     The Group’s non-current assets by geographical location of the assets are detailed below:

                                                                                                          Non-current assets
                                                                                                             2025                2024
                                                                                                          HK$’000             HK$’000

     Hong Kong                                                                                             246,608            273,802
     The PRC                                                                                               540,617            529,715

                                                                                                           787,225            803,517


     Note: Non-current assets included all non-current assets except financial assets.

     Revenue from customers of the corresponding years contributing over 10% of the Group’s revenue are as follows:

                                                                                                             2025                2024
                                                                                                          HK$’000             HK$’000

     Customer A1                                                                                         7,534,518          6,858,504
     Customer B1                                                                                              N/A2          1,531,089
     Customer C1                                                                                              N/A2          1,477,353
     Customer D1                                                                                         1,576,417               N/A2


     1
           Revenue from customers located in Hong Kong.

     2
           The corresponding revenue did not contribute over 10% of the total revenue of the Group.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025          151
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025


7.    INVESTMENTS AND OTHER INCOME
                                                                              2025      2024
                                                                           HK$’000   HK$’000

      Investments and other income include:

      Dividends from financial assets at FVTPL                                 228       173
      Interest on bank deposits                                             21,382    14,186
      Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment                        141     4,326
      Government subsidy for the PRC projects                                  567     1,564
      Net gain arising on lease modification                                   203        —
      Gain on disposal of an associate                                       4,020        —
      Interest on other receivables                                            288     1,447
      Interest on financial assets at FVTPL                                    290       811
      Interest on other financial asset at amortised cost                       —        676
      Interest on loan to an associate                                          —         61
      Government subsidy for Hong Kong operations                               —      2,012
      Gain on disposal of a subsidiary (Note 47)                                —     16,960


8.    OTHER LOSSES
                                                                              2025      2024
                                                                           HK$’000   HK$’000

      Impairment loss recognised on interest in a joint venture                 —      6,691
      Impairment loss recognised on other receivables                           —     13,018
      Written down to net realisable value of inventory                         —     37,489

                                                                                —     57,198


9.    FINANCE COSTS
                                                                              2025      2024
                                                                           HK$’000   HK$’000

      Interest on:
         Bank borrowings                                                     4,074    13,409
         Other borrowings                                                      566     1,143
         Lease liabilities                                                     767     1,198
      Imputed interest expense on non-current amount due to an associate       761       741

                                                                             6,168    16,491




152     Build King Holdings Limited
                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025


10. PROFIT BEFORE TAX
                                                                                                         2025              2024
                                                                                                      HK$’000           HK$’000

   Profit before tax has been arrived at after charging (crediting):

   Auditor’s remuneration                                                                                2,610            2,800
   Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                        74,087           63,700
   Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                  27,559           31,352
   Amortisation of intangible assets                                                                    24,135           58,692
   Net foreign exchange (gains) losses                                                                 (27,457)          14,709
   Staff costs:
     Directors’ remuneration (Note 11)                                                                  35,020            40,093
     Other staff costs                                                                               2,024,063         1,713,886
     Retirement benefits scheme contributions, excluding amounts included
        in directors’ remuneration and net of forfeited contributions of HK$2,485,000
        (2024: HK$1,609,000)                                                                           72,895            71,087

                                                                                                     2,131,978         1,825,066


11. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION
   The remuneration paid or payable to each of the twelve (2024: eleven) directors were as follows:

                                                                                       Performance Retirement
                                                                            Salaries         related   benefits
                                                                           and other       incentive    scheme         Total
                                                               Fees         benefits      payments contributions emoluments
                                                             HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000    HK$’000      HK$’000

   Year ended 31 December 2025

   Executive Directors
   Zen Wei Peu, Derek                                                  —       8,913         5,230               891      15,034
   Chan Chi Ming (Note a)                                              —       2,496            —                112       2,608
   Lui Yau Chun, Paul                                                  —       2,894         4,225               278       7,397
   Tsui Wai Tim                                                        —       2,879         2,475               273       5,627
   Luk Chi Chung, Peter (Note b)                                       —         520         1,000                12       1,532

   Non-Executive Directors
   Chang Kam Chuen, Desmond (Note c)                              300           500             —                 —         800
   David Howard Gem                                               300            —              —                 —         300
   Chan Chi Hung, Anthony                                         300            —              —                 —         300

   Independent Non-executive Directors
   Ho Tai Wai, David                                              420             —             —                 —         420
   Ling Lee Ching Man, Eleanor                                    348             —             —                 —         348
   Lo Yiu Ching, Dantes                                           348             —             —                 —         348
   Ng Cheuk Hei, Shirley                                          306             —             —                 —         306

                                                                2,322        18,202         12,930          1,566         35,020




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025         153
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025


11. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (Continued)
                                                                                                   Performance       Retirement
                                                                                        Salaries         related        benefits
                                                                                      and other        incentive        scheme           Total
                                                                          Fees          benefits      payments     contributions   emoluments
                                                                       HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000

      Year ended 31 December 2024

      Executive Directors
      Zen Wei Peu, Derek                                                      —          8,827            4,967             882        14,676
      Chang Kam Chuen, Desmond (Note c)                                       —            421            4,010               8         4,439
      Lui Yau Chun, Paul                                                      —          2,793            5,321             270         8,384
      Tsui Wai Tim                                                            —          2,816            3,220             270         6,306
      Luk Chi Chung, Peter (Note b)                                           —          2,518            1,450             120         4,088

      Non-Executive Directors
      Chang Kam Chuen, Desmond (Note c)                                     184              —               —               —            184
      David Howard Gem                                                      300              —               —               —            300
      Chan Chi Hung, Anthony                                                300              —               —               —            300

      Independent Non-executive Directors
      Ho Tai Wai, David                                                     420              —               —               —            420
      Ling Lee Ching Man, Eleanor                                           348              —               —               —            348
      Lo Yiu Ching, Dantes                                                  348              —               —               —            348
      Ng Cheuk Hei, Shirley                                                 300              —               —               —            300

                                                                          2,200         17,375          18,968            1,550        40,093


      Notes:

      (a)      Mr. Chan Chi Ming was appointed as director on 13 February 2025.

      (b)      Mr. Luk Chi Chung, Peter was appointed as director on 29 December 2023 and resigned on 13 February 2025.

      (c)      Mr. Chang Kam Chuen, Desmond was re-designated to non-executive director on 21 May 2024.

      Mr. Zen Wei Peu, Derek is also the Chief Executive of the Company and his emoluments disclosed above include those
      for services rendered by him as the Chief Executive.

      The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with the management of the
      affairs of the Company and the Group.

      The non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as directors of the Company or its
      subsidiaries.

      The independent non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as directors of the Company.

      During both years, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors of the Company or the five highest paid
      individuals (including directors and employees) as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for
      loss of office. None of the directors have waived any emoluments during both years.




154         Build King Holdings Limited
                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2025


12. EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS
   During the year, the five highest paid individuals included two (2024: two) directors, details of whose emoluments are set
   out in note 11 above. The emoluments of the remaining three (2024: three) highest paid individuals were as follows:

                                                                                                   2025                2024
                                                                                                HK$’000             HK$’000

   Salaries and other benefits                                                                      7,689              8,707
   Performance related incentive payments                                                          11,165             13,676
   Retirement benefits scheme contributions                                                           706                828

                                                                                                   19,560             23,211


   Their emoluments were within the following bands:

                                                                                               Number of employees
                                                                                                      2025              2024

   HK$6,000,001 to HK$6,500,000                                                                          2                 —
   HK$6,500,001 to HK$7,000,000                                                                          —                 —
   HK$7,000,001 to HK$7,500,000                                                                          1                 1
   HK$7,500,001 to HK$8,000,000                                                                          —                 1
   HK$8,000,001 to HK$8,500,000                                                                          —                 1


13. INCOME TAX EXPENSE
                                                                                                   2025                2024
                                                                                                HK$’000             HK$’000

   Current tax:
     Hong Kong                                                                                     66,902             71,738
     The PRC                                                                                        7,071             14,684
     Others                                                                                           566                 —

                                                                                                   74,539             86,422

   Under (over) provision in prior years:
     Hong Kong                                                                                        1,477          (11,492)
     The PRC                                                                                             —               182

                                                                                                      1,477          (11,310)

   Deferred tax (Note 36)
     Current year                                                                                  (2,915)            (7,460)

                                                                                                   73,101             67,652


   Hong Kong Profits Tax is calculated at 16.5% of the estimated assessable profits for both years.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2025          155
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025


13. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Continued)
      Under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation Regulation of the EIT Law, the
      tax rate for the PRC subsidiaries is 25% for both years.

      Income tax expense for the year can be reconciled to the profit before tax as follows:

                                                                                                  2025            2024
                                                                                               HK$’000         HK$’000

      Profit before tax                                                                        523,021         496,677

      Income tax expense at the applicable rate of 16.5% (2024: 16.5%)                           86,298          81,952
      Tax effect of share of results of joint ventures                                              360            7,969
      Tax effect of share of results of associates                                                 (561)            (101)
      Tax effect of expenses that are not deductible in determining taxable profit               25,601          39,825
      Tax effect of income that is not taxable in determining taxable profit                    (21,185)        (24,565)
      Under (over) provision in prior years                                                       1,477         (11,310)
      Tax effect of unrecognised tax losses                                                      19,385          32,880
      Tax effect of utilisation of tax losses previously not recognised                         (43,384)        (59,146)
      Tax effect of different rates for subsidiaries operating in other jurisdictions             2,146            1,678
      Others                                                                                      2,964           (1,530)

      Income tax expense                                                                        73,101          67,652


14. DIVIDENDS
                                                                                                  2025            2024
                                                                                               HK$’000         HK$’000

      Dividends paid and recognised as distribution during the year

      2024 final dividend - HK7.5 cents per share
        (2024: 2023 final dividend - HK8.0 cents per share)                                     93,141          99,350
      2025 interim dividend - HK4.0 cents per share
        (2024: 2024 interim dividend - HK3.0 cents per share)                                   49,675          37,256
      2024 special dividend - HK6.0 cents per share
        (2024: nil)                                                                             74,513               —

                                                                                               217,329         136,606


      A final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2025 of HK7.0 cents per ordinary share and a special dividend for
      the year ended 31 December 2025 of HK6.0 cents per ordinary share, totalling approximately HK$86,932,000 and
      HK$74,513,000 respectively based on 1,241,877,992 ordinary shares have been proposed by the board of directors
      of the Company and are subject to approval by the shareholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting. The final
      dividend and special dividend have not been included as liabilities in the consolidated financial statements.




156     Build King Holdings Limited
                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2025


15. EARNINGS PER SHARE
   The calculation of the basic earnings per share attributable to the owners of the Company is based on the following data:

                                                                                                   2025               2024
                                                                                                HK$’000            HK$’000

   Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company and earnings
     for the purpose of basic earnings per ordinary share                                        452,732           433,996


                                                                                                 Number of shares
                                                                                                    2025               2024
                                                                                                    ‘000               ‘000

   Weighted average number of ordinary shares
    for the purpose of basic earnings per ordinary share                                       1,241,878         1,241,878


   The Company has no potential ordinary shares outstanding during both years. Accordingly, no diluted earnings per share
   information is presented.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2025         157
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025


16. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                                 Furniture,                            Property
                                                   Leasehold    Plant and     fixtures and      Motor                     under
                                      Buildings improvements   machinery        equipment     vehicles    Vessels   construction       Total
                                       HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000          HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000

      COST
      At 1 January 2024                157,734        16,213     569,065           68,485      21,532     422,622             —     1,255,651
      Exchange realignment               (5,195)          —         (8,151)          (288)       (167)         —              —        (13,801)
      Additions                             402        1,807       24,809           3,224       1,887       9,850         57,540        99,519
      Transfer                              141           —        57,399               —          —           —         (57,540)           —
      Disposals                              —            —       (21,513)             (50)      (949)         —              —        (22,512)

      At 31 December 2024              153,082        18,020     621,609           71,371      22,303     432,472            —      1,318,857
      Exchange realignment               7,841            —       14,799              440         276          —             —         23,356
      Additions                         16,653            —       25,586            2,669       1,039      11,631        12,053        69,631
      Disposals                           (761)           —      (20,248)          (6,537)     (1,677)         —             —        (29,223)

      At 31 December 2025              176,815        18,020     641,746           67,943      21,941     444,103        12,053     1,382,621

      DEPRECIATION
      At 1 January 2024                 12,284        13,200     315,812           55,464      13,585     404,868             —      815,213
      Exchange realignment                (405)           —         (1,440)          (129)         (89)        —              —         (2,063)
      Provided for the year              6,692         1,724       43,609           9,106       1,380       1,189             —        63,700
      Eliminated on disposals               —             —       (16,091)             (45)      (663)         —              —       (16,799)

      At 31 December 2024               18,571        14,924     341,890           64,396      14,213     406,057             —      860,051
      Exchange realignment                 951            —        3,015              482         149          —              —        4,597
      Provided for the year              7,296         1,914      57,179              232       1,402       6,064             —       74,087
      Eliminated on disposals              (95)           —      (20,033)          (6,233)     (1,548)         —              —      (27,909)

      At 31 December 2025               26,723        16,838     382,051           58,877      14,216     412,121             —      910,826

      CARRYING VALUES
      At 31 December 2025              150,092         1,182     259,695             9,066      7,725      31,982        12,053      471,795

      At 31 December 2024              134,511         3,096     279,719             6,975      8,090      26,415             —      458,806




158     Build King Holdings Limited
                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025


16. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
   The above items of property, plant and equipment (other than property under construction) are depreciated on a straight
   line basis over their estimated useful lives taking into account of their estimated residual values, at the following rates per
   annum:

   Buildings                                          5%
   Leasehold improvements                             331/3% or over the terms of the relevant leases, whichever is shorter
   Plant and machinery                                10% - 25%
   Furniture, fixtures and equipment                  25%
   Motor vehicles                                     25%
   Vessels                                            10% - 50%

17. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
                                                                               Leasehold             Leased
                                                                                   lands          properties            Total
                                                                                 HK$’000            HK$’000           HK$’000

   As at 31 December 2025
   Carrying amounts                                                                 11,476            29,950             41,426

   As at 31 December 2024
   Carrying amounts                                                                 11,198            44,660             55,858

   For the year ended 31 December 2025
   Depreciation charge                                                                 296            27,263             27,559

   For the year ended 31 December 2024
   Depreciation charge                                                                 281            31,071             31,352


                                                                                                       2025               2024
                                                                                                    HK$’000            HK$’000

   Expense relating to short-term lease
     – Lease properties                                                                                8,364             6,667
     – Hire charges for plant and machinery                                                          258,891           323,279

   Total cash outflow for leases                                                                     297,275           362,276

   Additions to right-of-use assets                                                                   12,553             11,680


   For both years, the Group leases offices premises for its operations. Lease contracts are entered into for fixed term of 1
   year to 3 years (2024: 1 year to 3 years). Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of
   different terms and conditions. In determining the lease term and assessing the length of the non-cancellable period, the
   Group applies the definition of a contract and determines the period for which the contract is enforceable.

   As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group has obtained the land use right certificates for all leasehold lands in the
   PRC.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025         159
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025


18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                                Service
                                                         Construction       concession      Customer
                                                             licenses    arrangements        contract      Total
                                                             HK$’000           HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000
                                                              (Note a)    (Notes b & c)      (Note d)

      COST
      At 1 January 2024                                        47,858          317,543         95,378     460,779
      Exchange realignment                                         —            (10,457)           —       (10,457)
      Acquisition of a business (Note 46)                          —                 —         62,881       62,881
      Disposal of a subsidiary (Note 47)                           —          (135,047)            —     (135,047)
      Written off                                                  —                 —        (95,378)     (95,378)

      At 31 December 2024                                      47,858          172,039         62,881    282,778
      Exchange realignment                                         —             8,813             —       8,813

      At 31 December 2025                                      47,858          180,852         62,881    291,591

      AMORTISATION
      At 1 January 2024                                            —             51,572        95,378    146,950
      Exchange realignment                                         —              (1,690)          —        (1,690)
      Charge for the year                                          —             13,478        45,214      58,692
      Eliminated on disposal of a subsidiary (Note 47)             —            (42,635)           —      (42,635)
      Elimination of written off                                   —                  —       (95,378)    (95,378)

      At 31 December 2024                                          —            20,725         45,214      65,939
      Exchange realignment                                         —             1,062             —        1,062
      Charge for the year                                          —             6,468         17,667      24,135

      At 31 December 2025                                          —            28,255         62,881      91,136

      CARRYING VALUES
      At 31 December 2025                                      47,858          152,597             —     200,455

      At 31 December 2024                                      47,858          151,314         17,667    216,839




160     Build King Holdings Limited
                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2025


18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)
   Notes:

   (a)   The amount represents the fair value of the construction licenses (with indefinite useful lives) held by wholly-owned subsidiaries, Build King
         Construction Limited (“BKCL”) of HK$32,858,000 and Integral E&M Contracting Limited (“IEC”) of HK$15,000,000.

         The construction licenses are granted by the Works Branch, Development Bureau of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (the
         “HKSAR”) to BKCL and IEC. Through those construction licenses BKCL is eligible to undertake government construction contracts of
         all five categories of public works, namely port works, site formation, road and drainage, water works and buildings with no limitation
         in contract sum. IEC is an approved supplier of materials and specialist contractor for public works in three categories, air-conditioning
         installation, electrical installation and fire service installation with no limitation in contract sum. The construction licenses basically have no
         legal life but are renewable every year as long as BKCL and IEC are able to comply with certain provisions and requirements set out by the
         Works Branch, Development Bureau of the HKSAR throughout the relevant period.

         Various studies including sensitivity analysis and market trends have been carried out by the management of the Group, which supports
         that the construction licenses have no foreseeable limit to the period over which the construction licenses are expected to generate net
         cash inflow for the Group. As a result, the construction licenses are considered by the management of the Group as having an indefinite
         useful life because it is expected to contribute net cash inflow indefinitely. The construction licenses will not be amortised until its useful
         life is determined to be finite. Instead it will be tested for impairment annually and whenever there is an indication that it may be impaired.
         Particulars regarding the impairment testing on construction licenses are disclosed in note 20.

   (b)   A subsidiary of the Company, Tianjin Wai Kee Earth Investment Co., Ltd (“Tianjin Wai Kee Earth”), entered into a service concession
         arrangement with the local government in 2018 whereby Tianjin Wai Kee Earth is required to build the infrastructure of a steam fuel supply
         plant and is granted an exclusive operating right for provision of steam fuel supply services to the industrial users in Yanchi Industrial
         Park at Gaotai District, Zhangye City, Gansu Province of the PRC for a term of 30 years. The construction of the steam fuel supply plant
         comprising construction works and equipment acquisition and installation had been completed and put into operation in 2019.

         Tianjin Wai Kee Earth in 2020 entered into another service concession arrangement with local government whereby Tianjin Wai Kee Earth is
         required to build the infrastructure of a steam fuel supply plant and is granted an exclusive operating right for provision of steam fuel supply
         to industrial users in Circular Economy Industrial Park at Bei He Wan, Jinta County, Gansu Province of the PRC for a term of 30 years.

         Pursuant to both service concession arrangement contracts, Tianjin Wai Kee Earth is responsible for the construction of steam fuel supply
         plant and entitled to operate the steam fuel supply plant upon completion for a specified concession period by charging users of the public
         service, which amounts are contingent on the extent that the public uses the service. At the end of the operating period, Tianjin Wai Kee
         Earth is required to transfer the steam fuel supply plant to the local government. As such, the arrangement is accounted for as a service
         concession arrangement and the right to charge the users of the public service is recognised as intangible asset. The Group estimates the
         fair value of the intangible asset to be equal to the construction costs plus certain margin. Amortisation of the intangible asset is provided
         for over the operating period of 30 years on a straight line basis.




                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025               161
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025


18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)
      Notes: (Continued)

      (c)      A subsidiary of the Company, Wuxi Qianhui Sewage Treatment Co., Ltd. (“Wuxi Qianhui”), entered into a service concession arrangement
               with the local government whereby Wuxi Qianhui was required to build the infrastructure of a sewage treatment plant phase II and was
               granted an exclusive operating right for provision of sewage treatment services to the industrial and domestic users in Qian Qiao Zhen, Hui
               Shan District, Wuxi City, Jiang Su Province of the PRC for a term of 30 years.

               Pursuant to the service concession arrangement contract, Wuxi Qianhui was responsible for the construction of sewage treatment plant
               phase II and entitled to operate the sewage treatment plant phase II upon completion for a specified concession period by charging
               users of the public service, which amounts were contingent on the extent that the public uses the service. At the end of the operating
               period, Wuxi Qianhui was required to transfer the sewage treatment plant phase II to the local government. As such, the arrangement was
               accounted for as a service concession arrangement and the right to charge the users of the public service was recognised as intangible
               asset. The Group estimates the fair value of the intangible asset to be equal to the construction costs plus certain margin. Amortisation of
               the intangible asset was provided for over the operating period of 30 years on a straight line basis.

               On 18 November 2024, the Group entered into a sale and purchase agreement to dispose of its 75.6% equity interest in Wuxi Qianhui
               to an independent third party. Upon the completion of the disposal on 31 December 2024, Wuxi Qianhui ceased to be a subsidiary but
               becomes an 20% owned associate of the Group. For transaction details, please refer to note 47.

      (d)      During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group recognised an intangible asset amounting HK$95,378,000 in respect of an
               underlying construction contract held by a joint operation upon the acquisition of joint operation partner’s interest in the joint operation. The
               intangible assets were amortised over the remaining duration of the respective construction contract which reflects the pattern in which the
               intangible asset’s future economic benefits were expected to be consumed. The intangible assets have been fully amortised and written off
               in 2024.

               During the year end 31 December 2024, the Group recognised an intangible asset amounting HK$62,881,000 in respect of underlying
               construction contracts held by joint operations upon the acquisition of joint operation partner’s interests in the joint operations. The
               intangible assets were amortised over the remaining duration of the respective construction contracts which reflect the pattern in which the
               intangible asset’s future economic benefits were expected to be consumed. The intangible assets have been fully amortised in 2025.


19. GOODWILL
      The amount represents goodwill arising on the reverse acquisition of the Company in 2004. Particulars regarding
      impairment testing on goodwill are disclosed in note 20.




162         Build King Holdings Limited
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2025


20. IMPAIRMENT TESTING ON GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS WITH INDEFINITE
    USEFUL LIVES
   For the purpose of impairment testing of goodwill arising on the reverse acquisition of the Company in 2004, goodwill has
   been allocated to the group of underlying CGU which represents the Company and its subsidiaries in existence at the
   time of reverse acquisition of the Company in 2004.

   For the purpose of impairment testing, intangible assets with indefinite useful lives set out in note 18 have been allocated
   to two CGUs, BKCL and IEC, which are included in Hong Kong segment. BKCL holds the construction licenses granted
   by the Works Branch, Development Bureau of the HKSAR and through which it is eligible to undertake government
   construction contracts for all five categories of public works with no limitation in contract sum. IEC is an approved
   supplier of materials and specialist contractor for public works in three categories with no limitation in contract sum.

   The recoverable amounts of the above groups of CGUs have been determined on the basis of value in use calculations.
   Their recoverable amounts are based on certain key assumptions. All value in use calculations use cash flow projections
   based on latest financial budgets approved by the Group’s management covering a period of 5 years, a pre-tax discount
   rate of 10% (2024: 10%) and a growth rate of 0% (2024: 0%). Cash flow projections during the budget period for
   the CGUs are based on the expected gross margins during the budget period. Budgeted gross margins have been
   determined based on past performance and management’s expectations for the market development.

   At the end of the reporting period, the management of the Group determined that any reasonably possible change in key
   assumption would not cause the CGUs’ carrying amounts exceeding their recoverable amounts and no impairment of any
   of its CGUs containing goodwill and intangible assets is required.

21. INTERESTS IN JOINT VENTURES/OBLIGATIONS IN EXCESS OF INTERESTS IN JOINT
    VENTURES
                                                                                                     2025               2024
                                                                                                  HK$’000            HK$’000

   Cost of investment in unlisted joint ventures                                                    40,956             40,956
   Less: Impairment loss recognised                                                                (40,956)           (40,956)

                                                                                                         —                  —
   Share of post-acquisition profits and other comprehensive income,
     net of dividends received                                                                       3,393              5,577

                                                                                                     3,393              5,577

   Included in:
     Non-current assets                                                                              4,160              6,030
     Non-current liabilities                                                                          (767)              (453)

                                                                                                     3,393              5,577




                                                                                                Annual Report 2025         163
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025


21. INTERESTS IN JOINT VENTURES/OBLIGATIONS IN EXCESS OF INTERESTS IN JOINT
    VENTURES (Continued)
      At 31 December 2025, the Group has contractual obligations to share the net liabilities of a joint venture amounting to
      HK$767,000 (2024: HK$453,000).

      Details of each of the Group’s joint ventures at 31 December 2025 and 2024 are as follows:

                                                             Place of                   Attributable               Proportion
                                       Form of               registration/                 equity                   of voting
                                       business              incorporation/              interest to             rights held by        Principal
        Name of joint venture          structure             operation                   the Group                 the Group           activities
                                                                                        2025         2024        2025         2024
                                                                                          %            %           %            %

        德州恒源熱力有限公司                     Incorporated          The PRC                      49           49           50            50   Central heating
         (“Dezhou Heng Yuan”)
         (note a)

        Sunny Harvest Corporation Incorporated               Hong Kong                    50           50           50            50   Provision of
          Limited (“Sunny Harvest”)                                                                                                      transportation
          (note b)                                                                                                                       services

        Lion Trade Global Limited      Incorporated          BVI                          30           30           50            50   Investment holding
          (“Lion Trade”) (note c)

      Notes:

      (a)      In 2016, the Group acquired 49% equity interest in Dezhou Heng Yuan from certain independent third parties at a consideration of
               Renminbi (“RMB”) 34,710,000 (approximately HK$40,956,000). Dezhou Heng Yuan is a limited liability company incorporated in the PRC.

      (b)      In 2016, the Group acquired a total of 50% equity interest in Sunny Harvest from an independent third party at a consideration of HK$50.
               Sunny Harvest is a limited liability company incorporated in Hong Kong and is engaged in the provision of transportation services.

      (c)      Lion Trade was formed by the Group together with a wholly owned subsidiary of Wai Kee in July 2017 with initial paid up capital of United
               States dollars (“US$”) 100. The Group holds 30% equity interest in Lion Trade. The Group and Wai Kee jointly control over Lion Trade
               because unanimous consent from both joint venture partners is required to make decisions in the Board of Directors under the Articles of
               Association of Lion Trade.




164         Build King Holdings Limited
                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2025


22. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES/OBLIGATIONS IN EXCESS OF INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES
                                                                                                    2025                 2024
                                                                                                 HK$’000              HK$’000

   Cost of investment in unlisted associates                                                       42,409                 42,425
   Share of post-acquisition losses and other comprehensive expenses,
     net of dividends received                                                                    (12,967)                (20,405)

                                                                                                   29,442                 22,020

   Included in:
     Non-current assets                                                                            38,835                  35,430
     Non-current liabilities                                                                       (9,393)                (13,410)

                                                                                                   29,442                 22,020


   At 31 December 2025, the Group has contractual obligations to share the net liabilities of certain associates amounting to
   HK$9,393,000 (2024: HK$13,410,000).

   Details of each of the Group’s principal associates as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 are as follows:

                                                                  Proportion of
                                                                     nominal
                                                                 value of issued
                                                Place of         ordinary capital       Proportion of
                                                incorporation/    held indirectly     voting rights held     Principal
    Name of associate          Form of entity   operation        by the Company         by the Group         activities
                                                                   2025       2024      2025        2024
                                                                     %          %         %           %

    Hong Kong Landfill          Incorporated    Hong Kong          34.5       34.5       34.5       34.5     Civil engineering
      Restoration Group Limited

    Genetron Engineering       Incorporated     Hong Kong            30         30         30         30     Civil engineering
     Company Limited

    Rainbow Triumph Limited    Incorporated     BVI                 N/A         20       N/A          20     Investment holding
      (Note 27(e))

    Wuxi Qianhui               Incorporated     The PRC              20         20         20         20     Sewage treatment
     (Note 18(c))




                                                                                                Annual Report 2025            165
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025


23. INVENTORIES
                                                                                                                      2025       2024
                                                                                                                   HK$’000    HK$’000

      Property under development
        Freehold land in Malaysla (Note a)                                                                           53,691    49,523
      Uninstalled construction materials                                                                             92,521    86,676

                                                                                                                    146,212   136,199


      Inventories of HK$53,691,000 (2024: HK$49,523,000) are expected to be recovered after more than 12 months.

      Notes:

      (a)      The carrying amount of freehold land is stated at lower of cost and net realisable value.

      (b)      The cost of inventories recognised as an expense during the year is HK$754,827,000 (2024: HK$1,250,426,000).


24. DEBTORS, DEPOSITS AND PREPAYMENTS
      The following is an aged analysis of trade receivables presented based on the invoice date at the end of the reporting
      period:

                                                                                                                      2025       2024
                                                                                                                   HK$’000    HK$’000

      Trade receivables from contracts with customers analysed by age:
        0 to 60 days                                                                                                465,582   591,610
        61 to 90 days                                                                                                 1,147        —
        Over 90 days                                                                                                 62,690    58,770

                                                                                                                    529,419   650,380
      Bills receivables                                                                                              13,054     3,254
      Other debtors                                                                                                 146,691    83,435
      Consideration receivable from disposal of a subsidiary (Note 47)                                                   —    132,449
      Deposits                                                                                                      108,056   120,494
      Prepayments                                                                                                     1,874     2,388

                                                                                                                    799,094   992,400


      As at 1 January 2024, trade receivables from contracts with customers amounted to HK$604,478,000.

      The Group allows an average credit period of 60 days to its trade customers.

      Details of impairment assessment are set out in note 39.




166         Build King Holdings Limited
                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025


25. CONTRACT ASSETS
                                                                                                                         2025                  2024
                                                                                                                      HK$’000               HK$’000

   Analysed as current:

   Unbilled revenue of construction contracts (Note a)                                                               2,547,437            3,157,219
   Retention receivables of construction contracts (Note b)                                                            989,001              863,611

                                                                                                                     3,536,438            4,020,830

   Retention receivables of construction contracts
     Due within one year                                                                                               385,210              325,047
     Due more than one year                                                                                            603,791              538,564

                                                                                                                       989,001              863,611


   As at 1 January 2024, contract assets amounted to HK$3,658,732,000.

   Notes:

   (a)      Unbilled revenue included in contract assets represents the Group’s right to receive consideration for work completed but not yet billed
            because the rights are conditional upon the satisfaction by the customers on the construction work completed by the Group and the work
            is pending for the certification by the customers. The contract assets are transferred to the trade receivables when the rights become
            unconditional, which is typically at the time the Group obtains the certification of the completed construction work from the customers.

   (b)      Retention receivables included in contract assets represents the Group’s right to receive consideration for work performed but not yet
            billed because the rights are conditional on the satisfaction of the service quality by the customers over a certain period as stipulated in
            the contracts. The contract assets are transferred to the trade receivables when the rights become unconditional, which is typically at
            the expiry date of the period for the provision of assurance by the Group on the service quality of the construction work performed by
            the Group. For retention receivables in respect of construction contracts, the due dates are usually one year after the completion of the
            construction work.

   The Group classifies these contract assets as current because the Group expects to realise them in its normal operating
   cycle.

   Details of the impairment assessment are set out in note 39.

26. AMOUNT(S) DUE FROM FELLOW SUBSIDIARIES/A JOINT VENTURE/ASSOCIATES/OTHER
    PARTNERS OF JOINT OPERATIONS
   The amounts are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

   Details of the impairment assessment are set out in note 39.




                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025            167
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025


27. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FVTPL
                                                                                                                             2025                  2024
                                                                                                                          HK$’000               HK$’000

      Financial assets mandatorily measured at FVTPL:
        Listed securities in Hong Kong (Note a)                                                                              4,746                 5,495
        Unlisted equity investment in Hong Kong (Note b)                                                                     1,220                 1,220
        Quoted debt securities (Note c)                                                                                      5,281                 9,391
        Unlisted investment fund (Note d)                                                                                   62,814                45,276
        Investment in a property company (Note e)                                                                          327,339                    —
        Shareholder loan to an associate with redemption right (Note e)                                                         —                727,339

                                                                                                                           401,400               788,721

      Analysed for reporting purposes as:
        Non-current assets                                                                                                 328,559               328,559
        Current assets                                                                                                      72,841               460,162

                                                                                                                           401,400               788,721


      Notes:

      (a)      The listed securities in Hong Kong are measured at fair value at recurring basis, by reference to market bid price in an active market.

      (b)      The unlisted equity investment represents investment in a private entity incorporated in Hong Kong. The fair value of the investment is
               measured with reference to the net asset value of the private entity.

      (c)      The quoted debt securities represent investment in unlisted bonds issued by listed entities. The securities have been acquired principally
               for the purpose of selling in the near term, thus classified as held for trading.

      (d)      The unlisted investment fund represents investment in equity investment fund issued by a private entity incorporated in Hong Kong. The fair
               value of the investment is measured with reference to the net asset value of the investment fund.

      (e)      In 2023, the Group acquired 20% of the issued shares of Rainbow Triumph Limited (“RTL”) at a consideration of HK$15,700 and the
               shareholder loan due from RTL in the principal amount of HK$800,000,000 at a total consideration of HK$800,015,700. RTL is an
               investment holding company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands, and is a subsidiary of Road King Infrastructure Limited (“Road King”),
               a company incorporated in Bermuda as an exempted company with its shares listed on the Stock Exchange. Road King is an associate of
               Wai Kee. The Group has the right to require RTL to repay (i) up to 50% of the shareholder loan due to the Group on the first anniversary of
               the acquisition’s completion date; and (ii) up to the balance of shareholder loan due to the Group on 28 February 2025, at the redemption
               price based on adjustments related to the market value of properties held by RTL. The fair value of the redemption right has been arrived
               on the basis of a valuation carried out on the date by an independent and qualified property valuer not connected to the Group. The Group
               did not exercise the right on the first anniversary of the completion date within the timeframe as stated in the agreement.

               The Directors consider that the redemption right is a derivative embedded in the shareholder loan. The entire shareholder loan including
               principal, interest and redemption right are accounted for as financial assets at FVTPL.

               On 24 January 2025, the Group served notice to RTL to exercise the loan redemption right in respect of the principal amount of
               HK$400,000,000 and transfer 10% of the issued shares to Shine Precious Limited, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Road King.
               The final redemption price of HK$400,000,000 is classified as current asset at 31 December 2024, and was settled on 28 February 2025.
               Following the completion of the loan redemption, the remaining financial assets of FVTPL of HK$327,339,000 comprising 10% of the
               issued shares in RTL and the remaining shareholder loan is classified as non-current asset at 31 December 2024 and 2025.

      Details of fair value measurement are set out in note 39.



168         Build King Holdings Limited
                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2025


28. PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS/TIME DEPOSITS WITH ORIGINAL MATURITY OF NOT LESS
    THAN THREE MONTHS/BANK BALANCES AND CASH
   Bank deposits of the Group amounting to HK$90,251,000 (2024: HK$80,507,000) are pledged to banks for securing the
   banking facilities granted to the Group. The pledged bank deposits carry interest at market rates which range from 0.50%
   to 2.32% (2024: 0.50% to 4.26%) per annum.

   As at 31 December 2025, time deposits of HK$557,000 (2024: HK$1,343,000) with original maturity of not less than
   three months carry interest at market rates which range from 1.35% to 2.32% (2024: 1.65% to 4.26%) per annum.

   As at 31 December 2025, bank balances and cash include the time deposits of HK$1,128,000,000 (2024: HK$7,000,000)
   with original maturity of three months or less, bank balances and cash carry interest at market rates which range from
   0.80% to 3.60% (2024: 0.30% to 3.59%) per annum.

   Details of the impairment assessment are set out in note 39.

29. CREDITORS AND ACCRUED CHARGES
   The following is an aged analysis of trade payables presented based on invoice date at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                                                    2025                 2024
                                                                                                                 HK$’000              HK$’000

   Trade creditors analysed by age:
     0 to 60 days                                                                                                 238,192              637,931
     61 to 90 days                                                                                                117,396               92,108
     Over 90 days                                                                                                   7,040               21,273

                                                                                                                 362,628               751,312
   Retention payables                                                                                          1,354,394             1,247,804
   Accrued project costs                                                                                       2,023,102             2,423,437
   Other creditors and accrued charges (Note)                                                                    126,595               151,922

                                                                                                               3,866,719             4,574,475

   Retention payables:
     Repayable within one year                                                                                    546,425              603,813
     Repayable more than one year                                                                                 807,969              643,991

                                                                                                               1,354,394             1,247,804


   Note: Including in the other creditors and accrued charges are other creditors of HK$23,000,000 in 2024 which were unsecured, interest bearing
         at 4% fixed rate per annum and variable interest with special condition as per the respective loan agreements and were fully repaid during
         the year ended 31 December 2025.

   For retention payables in respect of construction contracts, the due dates are usually one year after the completion of the
   construction work and are expected to be settled within the Group’s normal operating cycle.




                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025            169
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025


30. CONTRACT LIABILITIES
                                                                                                         2025              2024
                                                                                                      HK$’000           HK$’000

      Construction contracts                                                                        1,364,936           958,120
      Steam fuel plant operation                                                                       12,064             8,050

                                                                                                    1,377,000           966,170


      As at 1 January 2024, contract liabilities amounted to HK$555,144,000.

      Contract liabilities of the Group, which are expected to be settled within the Group’s normal operating cycle, are classified
      as current.

      Revenue from construction contracts recognised during the year ended 31 December 2025 that was included in the
      contract liabilities at the beginning of the year was HK$140,604,000 (2024: HK$187,607,000).

      Typical payment terms which impact on the amount of contract liabilities recognised are as follows:

      Construction contracts

      In recognising the construction revenue, the Group adjusts the amount of payment received for the goods and services
      transferred to the customers. In certain circumstances, the adjustment will result the amount of payment received in
      excess of the revenue recognised to date. Such difference will be recorded as contract liabilities.

31. LEASE LIABILITIES
                                                                                                         2025              2024
                                                                                                      HK$’000           HK$’000

      Lease liabilities payable:

      Within one year                                                                                   23,178            29,685
      In the second year                                                                                 6,303            18,835
      In the third to fifth year inclusive                                                               2,947               811

                                                                                                        32,428            49,331
      Less: Amounts due within one year shown under current liabilities                                (23,178)          (29,685)

      Amounts shown under non-current liabilities                                                        9,250            19,646


      The incremental borrowing rate applied by the relevant group entities is 3.50% (2024: 3.50%).

32. AMOUNT(S) DUE TO AN INTERMEDIATE HOLDING COMPANY/FELLOW SUBSIDIARIES/
    OTHER PARTNERS OF JOINT OPERATIONS/NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS
      The amounts are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.




170     Build King Holdings Limited
                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2025


33. AMOUNT DUE TO AN ASSOCIATE
   The current amount due to an associate is unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

   The non-current amount due to an associate at 31 December 2024 was unsecured, interest-free and had an agreed
   repayment terms which was not repayable within twelve months before 31 December 2024 and the balance was
   therefore shown as non-current liabilities. The non-current amount was carried at amortised cost using effective interest
   of 5.4% per annum.

34. BANK LOANS
                                                                                                    2025               2024
                                                                                                 HK$’000            HK$’000

   The maturity of the bank loans that based on repayment
     schedule of respective loan agreements is as follows:
     Within one year                                                                               47,942             50,068
     In the second year                                                                             1,114              1,060
     In the third to fifth year inclusive                                                          39,288             24,568

                                                                                                   88,344             75,696
   Less: Amounts shown under current liabilities                                                  (88,344)           (75,696)

   Amounts shown under non-current liabilities                                                          —                  —

   Secured bank loans                                                                              58,344             47,678
   Unsecured bank loans                                                                            30,000             28,018

                                                                                                   88,344             75,696


   As at 31 December 2025, the Group has bank loans in the amount of HK$88,344,000 (2024: HK$75,696,000) contain
   a repayable on demand clause. As at 31 December 2025 related bank loans with aggregate amount of HK$40,402,000
   (2024: HK$25,628,000) that were repayable more than one year after the end of reporting period had been classified as
   current liabilities.

   All bank loans at the end of the reporting period are variable rate borrowings which carry interest rate ranging from 4.48%
   to 5.05% (2024: 4.25% to 5.51%) per annum and repriced every month, except for bank loans of RMB37,254,000
   (equivalent approximately to HK$41,516,000) (2024: RMB25,175,000 (equivalent approximately to HK$26,688,000))
   which carries fixed interest rate at 4% per annum (2024: 4.8%).

   As at the end of the reporting period, the Group has undrawn borrowing facilities of HK$1,687,302,000 (2024:
   HK$1,403,421,000).




                                                                                               Annual Report 2025         171
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025


35. ORDINARY SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                                      Number
                                                                                                     of shares          Amount
                                                                                                                        HK$’000

      Authorised:

        Ordinary shares of HK$0.1 each
          At 1 January 2024, 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2025                              1,700,000,000            170,000

      Issued and fully paid:

        Ordinary shares of HK$0.1 each
          At 1 January 2024, 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2025                              1,241,877,992            124,188


36. DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES
                                                                                                         2025               2024
                                                                                                      HK$’000            HK$’000

      Deferred tax liabilities                                                                            5,750             8,665


      The deferred tax liabilities recognised by the Group represent fair value of intangible assets arising from the acquisition of
      a business during the year ended 31 December 2005 and acquisition of a business during the year ended 31 December
      2024.

                                                                                                                        HK$’000

      At 1 January 2024                                                                                                      5,750
      Acquisition of a business                                                                                            10,375
      Credit to profit or loss (Note 13)                                                                                    (7,460)

      At 31 December 2024                                                                                                   8,665
      Credit to profit or loss (Note 13)                                                                                   (2,915)

      At 31 December 2025                                                                                                   5,750


      At the end of the reporting period, the Group has unutilised tax losses carried forward to offset future profits, the
      utilisation of which will expire in the following years:

                                                                                                         2025               2024
                                                                                                      HK$’000            HK$’000

      Tax losses:
      Carried forward indefinitely                                                                     437,241           382,991


      No deferred tax asset has been recognised in respect of unused tax losses due to the unpredictability of future profit
      streams.




172     Build King Holdings Limited
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2025


37. JOINT OPERATIONS
   At 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group had interests in the following principal joint operations:

                                                          Place of
                                      Form of             incorporation/          Attributable
                                      business            registration/            interest to
    Name of joint operation           structure           operation                the Group            Principal activities
                                                                                  2025        2024
                                                                                    %           %

    CRBC-Build King Joint Venture Unincorporated          Hong Kong                 49           49     Civil engineering

    Build King-Richwell Engineering
      Joint Venture                 Unincorporated        Hong Kong                 60           60     Civil engineering

    Build King - Kum Shing
      Joint Venture                   Unincorporated      Hong Kong                 65           65     Civil engineering

    Build King - Richwell Engineering
      Joint Venture                   Unincorporated      Hong Kong                 70           70     Civil engineering

    Build King - Richwell Civil
      Joint Venture                   Unincorporated      Hong Kong                 70           70     Civil engineering

    Build King - STEC Joint Venture Unincorporated        Hong Kong                 51           51     Civil engineering

    Build King - Hyundai
      Joint Venture                   Unincorporated      Hong Kong                 70           70     Building construction

    Build King - Richwell Civil
      Joint Venture                   Unincorporated      Hong Kong                 62           62     Civil engineering

    Build King - Richwell Engineering
      Joint Venture                   Unincorporated      Hong Kong                 60           60     Civil engineering

    Build King - CRCC Harbour
      Joint Venture                   Unincorporated      Hong Kong                 55           55     Civil engineering

    Build King - Richwell Engineering
      Joint Venture                   Unincorporated      Hong Kong                 80           80     Civil engineering

    Zhen Hua - Build King
      Joint Venture                   Unincorporated      Hong Kong                 49           49     Civil engineering

    Build King - Able Joint Venture   Unincorporated      Hong Kong                 70           70     Building construction

    Build King - Richwell Engineering
      Joint Venture                   Unincorporated      Hong Kong                 60           60     Civil engineering




                                                                                             Annual Report 2025             173
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025


37. JOINT OPERATIONS (Continued)
                                                               Place of
                                         Form of               incorporation/           Attributable
                                         business              registration/             interest to
       Name of joint operation           structure             operation                 the Group           Principal activities
                                                                                        2025         2024
                                                                                          %            %

       CRBC - Build King Joint Venture Unincorporated          Hong Kong                   49           49   Civil engineering

       CWBKYH JV                         Unincorporated        Hong Kong                   35           35   Civil engineering

       Build King - Tung Lee
         Joint Venture                   Unincorporated        Hong Kong                   80           80   Civil engineering

       Build King - STEC Joint Venture Unincorporated          Hong Kong                   60           60   Civil engineering

       CRBC-Build King Joint Venture Unincorporated            Hong Kong                   25           25   Civil engineering

       Build King - Richwell Engineering
         Joint Venture                   Unincorporated        Hong Kong                   70           70   Civil engineering

       Build King-Tung Lee
         Joint Venture                   Unincorporated        Hong Kong                   80           80   Civil engineering

       Vibro - Titan Joint Venture       Unincorporated        Hong Kong                   40           40   Civil engineering

       Build King - STHK Joint Venture Unincorporated          Hong Kong                   50          N/A   Civil engineering

       Chun Wo - Build King
         Joint Venture                   Unincorporated        Hong Kong                   70          N/A   Civil engineering

       Build King - Richwell Civil
         Joint Venture                   Unincorporated        Hong Kong                   60          N/A   Civil engineering

       Gammon - Build King - Tung Lee
        Joint Venture                 Unincorporated           Hong Kong                   39          N/A   Civil engineering

       Build King - Richwell Civil
         Joint Venture                   Unincorporated        Hong Kong                   70          N/A   Civil engineering

      The above table lists the joint operations of the Group which, in the opinion of the directors, principally affect the results
      for the year or constitute a substantial portion of the assets and liabilities of the Group. To give details of other joint
      operations would, in the opinion of the directors, result in particulars of excessive length.




174     Build King Holdings Limited
                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2025


38. CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
   The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern while
   maximising the return to stakeholders through the optimisation of the debts and equity balance.

   The capital structure of the Group consists of net debts, which includes the bank loans disclosed in note 34, net of cash
   and cash equivalents and equity attributable to equity holders of the Company, comprising issued share capital and
   reserves.

   The directors of the Company review the capital structure periodically. As a part of this review, the management of the
   Group assesses the annual budget prepared by the treasury department which reviews the planned construction projects
   proposed by engineering department and prepares the annual budget taking into account of the provision of funding.
   Based on the proposed annual budget, the directors of the Company consider the cost of capital and the risks associated
   with the capital. The directors of the Company also balance its overall capital structure through the payment of dividends,
   new share issues as well as the issue of new debt or the redemption of existing debts.

   The Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from prior year.

39. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
   (a)   Categories of financial instruments
                                                                                                          2025               2024
                                                                                                       HK$’000            HK$’000

         Financial assets
            Financial assets at FVTPL                                                                   401,400            788,721
            Financial assets at amortised cost                                                        3,540,914          2,701,926

                                                                                                      3,942,314          3,490,647

         Financial liabilities
            Amortised cost                                                                            4,014,990          4,706,432


   (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies
         The Group’s major financial instruments include financial asset at FVTPL, trade and other debtors, amounts due
         from fellow subsidiaries, associates, a joint venture and other partners of joint operations, pledged bank deposits,
         time deposits with original maturity of not less than three months, bank balances and cash, creditors and accrued
         charges, amounts due to an intermediate holding company, fellow subsidiaries, other partners of joint operations,
         non-controlling interests and an associate and bank loans. The risks associated with these financial instruments
         include market risk (interest rate risk, other price risk and currency risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The policies on
         how to mitigate these risks are set out below. The management manages and monitors these exposures to ensure
         appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective manner.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025         175
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025


39. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Market risk
            (i)     Interest rate risk
                    The Group is exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable rate bank balances (note 28),
                    variable rate bank loans (note 34). Although the Group is also exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation
                    to fixed rate lease liabilities (note 31), amount due to an associate (note 33), bank loans (note 34) and other
                    creditors (note 29), the Group’s policy to keep its borrowings at floating rate of interests would minimise the
                    fair value interest rate risk.

                    Sensitivity analysis

                    The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on the exposure to interest rates for bank loans.

                    For variable rate bank loans, the analysis is prepared assuming the amount of liability outstanding at the end of
                    the reporting period was outstanding for the whole year. A 100 basis points (2024: 100 basis points) increase
                    or decrease is used when reporting interest rate risk internally to key management personnel and represents
                    management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change in interest rates.

                    If interest rates had been 100 basis points (2024: 100 basis points) higher/lower and all other variables were
                    held constant, the Group’s post-tax profit for the year ended 31 December 2025 would decrease/increase by
                    HK$377,000 (2024: HK$391,000). This is mainly attributable to the Group’s exposure to interest rates on its
                    variable rate bank loans.

            (ii)    Other price risk
                    The Group is exposed to equity and debt security price risk through its investments in financial assets at
                    FVTPL. The management manages this exposure by maintaining a portfolio of investments with different risk
                    profiles.

                    Sensitivity analysis

                    The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on the exposure to equity and debt price risks at
                    the reporting date.

                    If the prices of the respective equity and debt instruments had been 5% (2024: 5%) higher/lower while all other
                    variables were held constant, the profit for the year ended 31 December 2025 would increase/decrease by
                    HK$20,070,000 (2024: HK$39,436,000) as a result of the changes in fair value of financial assets at FVTPL.

            (iii)   Currency risk
                    The Group is exposed to currency risk as certain financial assets at FVTPL, pledged bank deposits and bank
                    balances are denominated in foreign currencies, principally denominated in US$ and RMB, which are different
                    from the Group’s functional currency. However the Group’s exposure to currency risk is minimal as the
                    exchange rate of HK$ is pegged with US$ and the balances denominated in RMB are not material.

                    The Group currently does not have a foreign currency hedging policy. However, the management monitors
                    foreign exchange exposure and will consider hedging significant foreign currencies should the needs arise.




176     Build King Holdings Limited
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025


39. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
         Credit risk management and impairment assessment
         Apart from the trade receivables and contract assets from the two (2024: two) largest debtors, the Group does not
         have significant concentration risk exposure to any single counterparty at 31 December 2025.

         Trade receivables and contract assets arising from contracts with customers
         In order to minimise the credit risk, the management of the Group has delegated a team responsible for
         determination of credit limits and credit approvals. Before accepting any new customer, the Group uses an internal
         credit scoring system to assess the potential customer’s credit quality and defines credit limits by customer. Limits
         and scoring attributed to customers are reviewed twice a year. Other monitoring procedures are in place to ensure
         that follow-up action is taken to recover overdue debts. In this regard, the directors of the Company consider that
         the Group’s credit risk is significantly reduced.

         The default risk of the two largest debtors should be low as they have good reputation and financially sound.

         The Group has concentration of credit risk as 58% (2024: 60%) of the total trade receivables was due from the
         Group’s two largest debtors.

         Amounts due from fellow subsidiaries, a joint venture, associates and other partners of joint operations
         The credit risk of amounts due from fellow subsidiaries, a joint venture, associates and other partners of joint
         operations are managed through an internal process. The Group actively monitors the outstanding amount owed
         by each related party and identifies any credit risks in a timely manner in order to reduce the risk of a credit related
         loss. Further, the Group closely monitors the financial performance of associates, fellow subsidiaries, a joint venture
         and other partners of joint operations which mainly engage in the construction service in Hong Kong. In this regard,
         the directors of the Company consider the Group’s credit risk is significantly reduced.

         Other debtors and deposits
         The credit risk of other debtors and deposits is managed through an internal process. The Group closely monitor
         the outstanding amounts of other debtors and deposits and identifies any credit risk in a timely manner in order to
         reduce the risk of a credit related loss. In this regard, the directors of the Company consider the Group’s credit risk
         is significantly reduced.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025          177
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025


39. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Credit risk management and impairment assessment (Continued)
            Pledged bank deposits, time deposits with original maturity of not less than three months, bank balances and
            bills receivables
            The credit risk for pledged bank deposits, time deposits with original maturity of not less than three months, bank
            balances and bills receivables is limited because the counterparties are banks or financial institutions with high credit
            ratings. The Group assessed 12m ECL for pledged bank deposits, time deposits with original maturity of not less
            than three months, bank balances and bills receivables by reference to information relating to probability of default
            and loss given default of the respective credit rating grades published by external credit rating agencies. Based on
            the average loss rates, the 12m ECL on pledged bank deposits, time deposits with original maturity of not less than
            three months, bank balances and bills receivables is considered to be insignificant.

            The Group’s internal credit risk grading assessment comprises the following categories:

             Internal                                                              Trade receivables/        Other
             credit rating     Description                                         contract assets           financial assets

             Low risk          The counterparty has a low risk of default          Lifetime ECL -            12m ECL
                                 and does not have any past-due amounts               not credit-impaired

             Watch list        Debtor frequently repays after due dates            Lifetime ECL -            12m ECL
                                 but usually settle after due date                    not credit-impaired

             Doubtful          There have been significant increases in credit      Lifetime ECL -           Lifetime ECL -
                                 risk since initial recognition through information    not credit-impaired      not credit-impaired
                                 developed internally or external resources

             Loss              There is evidence indicating the asset is           Lifetime ECL -            Lifetime ECL -
                                 credit-impaired                                      credit-impaired           credit-impaired

             Write-off         There is evidence indicating that the debtor is     Amount is written off     Amount is written off
                                 in severe financial difficulty and the Group
                                 has no realistic prospect of recovery




178     Build King Holdings Limited
                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2025


39. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
         Credit risk management and impairment assessment (Continued)
         The table below details the maximum credit risk exposures of the Group’s financial assets and contract assets,
         which are subject to ECL assessment:

                                                                                                                    2025           2024
                                                   External               Internal                                 Gross          Gross
                                                   credit                 credit              12m or             carrying       carrying
                                           Notes   rating                 rating              lifetime ECL        amount        amount
                                                                                                                 HK$’000       HK$’000

         Financial assets at
           amortised cost

         Amounts due from fellow            26     N/A                    Low risk            12m ECL              3,564          3,193
          subsidiaries

         Amount due from a joint venture    26     N/A                    Low risk (Note 1)   12m ECL                545            312

         Amounts due from associates        26     N/A                    Low risk (Note 1)   12m ECL             15,024        62,989

         Amounts due from other partners    26     N/A                    Low risk (Note 1)   12m ECL             59,528        46,284
          of joint operations

         Other debtors and deposits         24     N/A                    Low risk (Note 1)   12m ECL            242,093       190,647

         Trade debtors                      24     N/A                    Low risk (Note 2)   Lifetime ECL       529,419       650,380

         Bills receivables                  24     Baa2 to A1             N/A                 12m ECL             13,054          3,254
                                                     (2024: Baa2 to A1)

         Pledged bank deposits              28     A3 to Aa3              N/A                 12m ECL             90,251        80,507
                                                     (2024: A3 to Aa3)

         Time deposits with original        28     A2 to A1               N/A                 12m ECL                557          1,343
           maturity of not less than                 (2024: A2 to A1)
           three months

         Bank balances                      28     Baa3 to Aa2           N/A                  12m ECL           2,582,705    1,526,327
                                                     (2024: Baa3 to Aa2)

         Other item:

         Contract assets                    25     N/A                    Low risk (Note 2)   Lifetime ECL      3,536,438    4,020,830




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025         179
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025


39. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Credit risk management and impairment assessment (Continued)
            Notes:

            1.       For the purposes of internal credit risk management, the Group uses the financial information of the joint ventures, associates and
                     joint operations and the past-due information of other debtors and deposits to assess whether credit risk has increased significantly
                     since initial recognition. The related companies and other partners of joint operations are considered by management to have sound
                     financial position and do not have any past-due amounts. The balances of other debtors and deposits are not past due.

            2.       For trade debtors and contract assets, the Group has applied the simplified approach in HKFRS 9 to measure the loss allowance at
                     lifetime ECL. The trade debtors and contract assets are assessed for ECL individually.

            For the assessment of lifetime ECL by management, the estimated loss rates are estimated based on historical
            observed default rates over the expected life of the debtors and are adjusted for forward-looking information that is
            available without undue cost or effort. No impairment allowance was made on trade debtors, contract assets and
            other financial assets at the end of each year as the historical default rates of debtors are low.

            The Group’s credit risk on bill receivables, pledged bank deposits and time deposits and their respective balances
            are limited because the counterparties are banks with high credit ratings and good reputation established in the
            PRC and Hong Kong.

            The credit risk of other debtors and deposits is managed through an internal process. The credit quality of each
            counterparty is investigated before an advance is made. The Group also actively monitors the outstanding amounts
            owed by each debtor and identifies any credit risks in a timely manner in order to reduce the risk of a credit related
            loss. The Group reviews the recoverable amount of these other debtors and deposits at the end of each reporting
            period.

            For amounts due from associates, fellow subsidiaries and a joint venture, amounts due from other partners of joint
            operations, the management of the Group makes individual assessment on the recoverability of each balance based
            on historical settlement records, past experience, and also quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable
            and supportive forward-looking information. The ECL on the above items are considered to be insignificant.

            Liquidity risk
            The Group’s liquidity position and its compliance with lending covenants is monitored closely by the management of
            the Company, to ensure that the Group maintains sufficient reserve of cash and adequate committed line of funding
            from major financial institutions to meet its liquidity requirement in the short and long term. The Group finances
            its working capital requirements through a combination of funds generated from operations and bank and other
            borrowings.




180     Build King Holdings Limited
                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2025


39. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
         Liquidity risk (Continued)
         Liquidity and interest risk tables
         The following table details the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its non-derivative financial liabilities. The
         table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on
         which the Group can be required to pay. Specifically, bank loans with a repayment on demand clause are included
         in the earliest time band regardless of the probability of the banks choosing to exercise their rights. The maturity
         dates for other non-derivative financial liabilities are based on the agreed repayment dates. The table includes both
         interest and principal cash flows. To the extent that interest flows are floating rate, the undiscounted amount is
         derived from interest rate curves at the end of the reporting period.

                                                 Weighted     Repayable
                                                   average on demand or                                                      Total
                                                  effective    3 months       3-6      6 - 12      1-3          Over undiscounted    Carrying
                                              interest rate      or less    months    months      years      3 years   cash flows     amount
                                                         %      HK$’000    HK$’000   HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000    HK$’000

         2025
         Non-interest bearing                          —       3,113,693     4,984         —    760,806       47,163     3,926,646   3,926,646
         Fixed interest rate instruments             4.00         43,177        —          —         —            —         43,177      41,516
         Variable interest rate instruments          4.45         48,911        —          —         —            —         48,911      46,828

                                                               3,205,781     4,984         —    760,806       47,163     4,018,734   4,014,990

         Lease liabilities                           3.50          7,797     7,447     8,604      9,510           —         33,358     32,428

         2024
         Non-interest bearing                          —       3,822,412       820   139,841    533,735      110,928     4,607,736   4,607,736
         Fixed interest rate instruments             4.80         27,969        —         —          —            —         27,969      26,688
         Variable interest rate instruments          4.92         52,827       230    23,163         —            —         76,220      72,008

                                                               3,903,208     1,050   163,004    533,735      110,928     4,711,925   4,706,432

         Lease liabilities                           3.50          8,581     8,109    14,169     19,933           —         50,792     49,331




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025           181
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025


39. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Liquidity risk (Continued)
            Liquidity and interest risk tables (Continued)
            Bank borrowings with a repayment on demand clause are included in the “repayable on demand or 3 months or
            less” time band in the above maturity analysis. As at 31 December 2025, the aggregate carrying amounts of these
            bank borrowings amounted to HK$88,344,000 (2024: HK$75,696,000). Taking into account the Group’s financial
            position, the directors do not believe that it is probable that the banks will exercise their discretionary rights to
            demand immediate repayment. The directors believe that such bank borrowings will be repaid within four (2024:
            five) years after the end of the reporting period in accordance with the scheduled repayment dates set out in the
            loan agreements, details are set out in respective loan agreements as detailed below:

                                                                                                                    Total
                                            3 months          3-6         6 - 12        1-3         Over 3   undiscounted    Carrying
                                              or less      months        months         years        years     cash flows     amount
                                             HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000

            At 31 December 2025                30,594        17,977       1,376         5,394       38,936         94,277      88,344

            At 31 December 2024                28,756        11,662      12,038         5,037       25,532         83,025      75,696



            The amounts included above for variable interest rate instruments are subject to change if changes in variable
            interest rates differ from those estimates of interest rates determined at the end of the reporting period.

      (c)   Fair value
            The listed equity securities and quoted debt securities of the Group are measured at fair value at recurring basis, by
            reference to market bid price or quoted price in active markets and classified under Level 1.

            The unlisted equity investment and unlisted investment fund of the Group are measured at fair value derived
            by management estimation with reference to the net asset value of the private entity and net asset value of the
            investment fund respectively and classified under Level 3.

            The investment in a property company (2024: shareholder loan to an associate with redemption right) is measured
            at fair value derived by management estimation with reference to the net asset value of the private entity (2024:
            redemption price and the net asset value of the private entity) and classified under Level 3.

            The considerations may vary significantly due to difference in timing, condition of sales and terms of agreements,
            size and nature of similar business to derive the estimated fair value.

            The fair values of the financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis
            have been determined in accordance with generally accepted pricing models based on a discounted cash flow
            analysis, with the most significant inputs being the discount rate that reflects the credit risk of counterparties. The
            directors of the Company consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities recorded at
            amortised cost in the consolidated financial statements approximate to their fair values.




182     Build King Holdings Limited
                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2025


40. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
   Some of the Group’s financial assets are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period. The following
   table gives information about how the fair values of these financial assets are determined (in particular, the valuation
   technique(s) and inputs used), as well as the level of the fair value hierarchy into which the fair value measurements are
   categorised (Levels 1 to 3) based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements is observable.

   •      Level 1 fair value measurements are based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active market for identical assets or
          liabilities;

   •      Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that
          are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices); and

   •      Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques that include inputs for the asset or
          liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).

                                                                                                                                   Relationship of
                                                                                                             Significant           unobservable
                                                                       Fair value   Valuation technique(s)   unobservable          inputs for
    Financial assets                       Fair value as at            hierarchy    and key input(s)         inputs                fair value
                                     31 December     31 December
                                            2025            2024
                                         HK$’000         HK$’000

    i) Listed equity securities in         4,746               5,495   Level 1      Quoted bid price in      N/A                   N/A
          Hong Kong                                                                  an active market

    ii) Unlisted equity investment         1,220               1,220   Level 3      Net asset value of       N/A                   N/A
          in Hong Kong                                                                the private entity

    iii) Quoted debt securities            5,281               9,391   Level 1      Quoted price in an       N/A                   N/A
                                                                                     active market

    iv) Unlisted investment fund          62,814              45,276   Level 3      Net asset value of       N/A                   N/A
                                                                                      the investment fund

    v) Investment in a property          327,339                  —    Level 3      Net asset value of       N/A                   N/A
         company                                                                      the private entity

    vi) Shareholder loan to an                —           727,339      Level 3      Redemption price and net N/A                   N/A
          associate with                                                              asset value of the private
          redemption right                                                            entity




                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025              183
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025


40. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements of financial assets

                                                                    Shareholder
                                                                       loan to an       Unlisted
                                                     Investment         associate         equity
                                                            in a             with    investment        Unlisted
                                                        property     redemption                in   investment
                                                       company               right   Hong Kong             fund     Total
                                                        HK$’000          HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000    HK$’000

      At 1 January 2024                                         —        734,734           1,220        29,004     764,958
      Fair value (loss) gain in profit or loss                  —          (7,395)            —         16,544       9,149
      Exchange loss                                             —              —              —           (272)       (272)

      At 31 December 2024                                     —          727,339           1,220        45,276     773,835
      Fair value loss in profit or loss                       —               —               —        (22,073)    (22,073)
      Purchases                                               —               —               —         39,792      39,792
      Exchange loss                                           —               —               —           (181)       (181)
      Loan redemption                                         —         (400,000)             —             —     (400,000)
      Transfer                                           327,339        (327,339)             —             —           —

      At 31 December 2025                                327,339               —           1,220        62,814     391,373


41. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
                                                                                                       2025          2024
                                                                                                    HK$’000       HK$’000

      Capital expenditure in respect of acquisition of
        property, plant and equipment contracted for but
        not provided in the consolidated financial statements                                        43,501        16,703




184     Build King Holdings Limited
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2025


42. RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEMES
   The Group has two MPF Schemes and state-managed retirement schemes for all eligible employees in Hong Kong
   and the PRC. The MPF Schemes are registered with the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Authority (“MPFA”) in
   accordance with the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance (“MPF Schemes Ordinance”). The assets of the MPF
   Schemes are held separately from those of the Group under the control of independent trustees approved by the MPFA.

   In addition to the mandatory contributions specified under the MPF Schemes Ordinance, the Group also provides
   additional contributions for certain qualifying employees as specified in the rules of the Group’s MPF Schemes.
   Employees leaving the MPF Schemes prior to stipulated service periods may forfeit part of their benefits relating to the
   Group’s voluntary contributions and these amounts may be applied to reduce future voluntary contributions payable by
   the Group.

   The employees of the Company’s subsidiaries in the PRC are members of a state-managed retirement benefit scheme
   operated by the government. The subsidiaries are required to contribute a fixed percentage of payroll costs to the
   retirement benefit scheme to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the Group with respect to the retirement benefit
   scheme is to make the specified contributions.

   The amount charged to profit or loss of HK$74,461,000 (2024: HK$72,637,000) represents contributions paid or payable
   to the retirement benefits schemes by the Group at the rates specified in the rules of the MPF Schemes reduced by the
   aforesaid amount of forfeited benefits in respect of the current accounting period. The amount of forfeited contributions
   utilised in this manner during the year was approximately HK$2,485,000 (2024: HK$1,609,000). At the end of the
   reporting period, the total amount of forfeited contributions, which arose upon employees leaving the MPF Schemes and
   which are available to reduce the contributions payable in future years, was nil (2024: HK$3,000).

43. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
   Other than as disclosed elsewhere in these consolidated financial statements, the Group has following transactions and
   balances with related parties:

                                                                                                     2025               2024
                                                                                                  HK$’000            HK$’000

   Fellow subsidiaries
   Land plant hire income (Note a)                                                                      79               120
   Supply of rock (Note a)                                                                           1,363               645
   Purchase of construction materials (Note b)                                                     265,604           341,105
   Construction contract revenue (Note b)                                                           43,188            43,997

   An associate of ultimate holding company
   Construction contract revenue (Note b)                                                            6,767                  —


   Details of the balances with associates, joint ventures, other partners of joint operations, an intermediate holding
   company, fellow subsidiaries and non-controlling interests are disclosed in the consolidated statement of financial position
   and respective notes.

   Included in the contract assets is an amounts due from a fellow subsidiary of HK$14,013,000 (2024: HK$15,206,000).




                                                                                                Annual Report 2025         185
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025


43. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      Balance with an associate of ultimate holding company are included in contract assets of HK$2,448,000 (2024:
      HK$10,029,000).

      Included in creditors and accrued charges is an amount due to a fellow subsidiary of HK$16,902,000 (2024:
      HK$40,576,000).

      Notes:


      (a)      Transactions are fully exempted continuing connected transactions under Rule 14A.76(1) of the Listing Rules.


      (b)      Transactions constitute connected transaction or continuing connected transaction and the Company has fully complied with the
               requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


      Compensation of key management personnel
      The remuneration of directors and other members of key management during the year was as follows:

                                                                                                                          2025       2024
                                                                                                                       HK$’000    HK$’000

      Short-term employee benefits                                                                                       84,011    99,062
      Post-employment benefits                                                                                            3,837     3,939

                                                                                                                         87,848   103,001


      The remuneration of directors and key executives is determined by the remuneration committee having regard to the
      performance of individuals and market trends.




186         Build King Holdings Limited
                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025


44. RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
   The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash and non-
   cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or future cash flows will be,
   classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities.

                                                                                                     Amount
                                                                                                    due to an                   Amounts
                                                                                                 intermediate      Amount     due to non-
                                                Other        Bank         Lease      Dividend        holding     due to an    controlling
                                             creditors       loans     liabilities   payable        company      associate      interests      Total
                                              HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000    HK$’000
                                             (Note 29)    (Note 34)    (Note 31)                    (Note 32)     (Note 33)     (Note 32)

   At 1 January 2024                          355,116      215,471        68,791           —          19,594        24,247          1,098   684,317
   Financing cash flows                         (1,143)   (144,418)      (32,330)    (136,606)          1,154           —              —    (313,343)
   Interest expenses                             1,143      13,409         1,198           —               —           741             —     16,491
   New leases entered                               —            —        11,672           —               —            —              —     11,672
   Exchange realignment                             —        (2,879)           —           —               —            —              —      (2,879)
   Dividend declared                                —            —             —      136,606              —            —              —    136,606
   Disposal of a subsidiary                         —        (5,887)           —           —               —            —              —      (5,887)
   Derecognised upon completion
     of the Unwinding                         (332,116)          —             —           —               —            —              —    (332,116)

   At 31 December 2024                         23,000       75,696        49,331           —          20,748        24,988          1,098   194,861
   Financing cash flows                        (23,566)      6,132       (30,020)    (217,329)           872            —              —    (263,911)
   Interest expenses                              566        4,074           767           —               —           761             —       6,168
   New leases entered                               —            —        12,553           —               —            —              —     12,553
   Exchange realignment                             —        2,442             —           —               —            —              —       2,442
   Dividend declared                                —            —             —      217,329              —            —              —    217,329
   Net gain arising on lease modification           —            —          (203)          —               —            —              —        (203)

   At 31 December 2025                              —       88,344        32,428           —          21,620        25,749          1,098   169,239



45. ACQUISITION OF ADDITIONAL INTEREST IN A SUBSIDIARY
   In 2025, the Group entered into sale and purchase agreements to acquire of its 14% equity interest in Tianjin Wai Kee
   Earth from an independent third party at a consideration of RMB33,000,000 (approximately HK$36,195,000). Part of the
   consideration of RMB4,800,000 (approximately HK$5,265,000) was satisfied by way of cash. The difference between the
   consideration and the carrying value of additional interest acquired by the Group was recognised in equity as a capital
   reserve.




                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025           187
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025


46. ACQUISITION OF A BUSINESS
      For the year ended 31 December 2024

      During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group entered into a supplement deed with a joint venture partner and
      pursuant to which the Group obtains all of the rights, obligation and interest in existing joint operations at a consideration
      received of HK$34,400,000 from acquisition. Upon completion of the transaction, the Group has control over all the
      relevant activities of the operations.

      The acquisition has been accounted for as acquisition of a business using the acquisition method. Acquisition-related
      costs had been excluded from the cost of the above acquisition. The acquisition-related costs were insignificant and
      recognised as an expense within the administrative expense in the consolidated statement of profit or loss for the year
      ended 31 December 2024.

      Consideration received:

                                                                                                                         HK$’000

      Cash                                                                                                                (34,400)


      Assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition were as follows:

                                                                                                                         HK$’000

      Intangible assets                                                                                                     62,881
      Debtors, deposits and prepayments                                                                                     23,381
      Contract assets                                                                                                       78,787
      Amount due from the Group                                                                                               5,591
      Bank balances and cash                                                                                                35,459
      Creditors and accrued charges                                                                                      (176,874)
      Contract liabilities                                                                                                 (44,366)
      Tax liabilities                                                                                                        (4,124)
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                             (10,375)

                                                                                                                          (29,640)


      The fair value and gross contractual amounts of trade debtors at the date of acquisition amounted to HK$21,571,000.
      The best estimate at acquisition date of the contractual cash flows expected to be collected is full.




188     Build King Holdings Limited
                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2025


46. ACQUISITION OF A BUSINESS (Continued)
   For the year ended 31 December 2024 (Continued)

   Goodwill arising on acquisition:

                                                                                                                      HK$’000

   Consideration received                                                                                              (34,400)
   Plus: fair value of previously held interest in the joint operations                                                  4,760
   Less: net liabilities assumed                                                                                        29,640

   Goodwill arising on acquisition                                                                                           —


   The Group’s previously held interest in the joint operations is remeasured to fair value amounting to HK$4,760,000 at the
   acquisition date which is a non-cash transaction.

   Net cash inflows arising on acquisition:

                                                                                                                      HK$’000

   Consideration received in cash                                                                                       34,400
   Add: bank balances and cash acquired                                                                                 35,459

                                                                                                                        69,859


   Impacts of acquisition on the results of the Group

   Included in the profit for the year, profit amounting of HK$22,249,000 was attributable to the business operations of
   the acquired joint operations. Revenue for the year ended 31 December 2024 included HK$292,981,000 which was
   generated from the acquired joint operations.

   Had the acquisition been completed on 1 January 2024, revenue for the year of the Group would have been
   HK$14,686,316,000, and profit for the year of the Group would have been HK$400,116,000. The pro forma information
   is for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily an indication of revenue and results of operations of the Group that
   actually would have been achieved had the acquisition been completed on 1 January 2024, nor is it intended to be a
   projection of future results.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025         189
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025


47. DISPOSAL OF A SUBSIDIARY
      On 18 November 2024, the Group entered into a sale and purchase agreement to dispose of its 75.6% equity interest in
      Wuxi Qianhui to an independent third party at a consideration of RMB124.94 million. Upon the completion of the disposal
      on 31 December 2024, Wuxi Qianhui ceased to be a subsidiary but becomes an 20% owned associate of the Group. The
      net assets of Wuxi Qianhui at the date of disposal were as follows:

                                                                                                                                   HK$’000

      Analysis of assets and liabilities over which control was lost:

      Intangible asset                                                                                                                   92,412
      Other financial asset at amortised cost                                                                                            26,763
      Debtors, deposits and prepayments                                                                                                  32,662
      Bank balances and cash                                                                                                             67,751
      Amount due to the Group                                                                                                           (51,849)
      Creditors and accrued charges                                                                                                       (2,910)
      Bank loan                                                                                                                           (5,887)
      Tax payable                                                                                                                         (4,968)

      Net assets disposed of                                                                                                        153,974


                                                                                                                                   HK$’000

      Consideration:

      Deferred cash consideration (Note)                                                                                            132,449


                                                                                                                                   HK$’000

      Gain on disposal of a subsidiary:

      Consideration received and receivable                                                                                         132,449
      Net assets disposed of                                                                                                       (153,974)
      Non-controlling interests                                                                                                       6,775
      Fair value of interest in an associate                                                                                         31,710

      Gain on disposal (Note 7)                                                                                                         16,960


                                                                                                                                   HK$’000

      Net cash outflow arising on disposal:

      Cash consideration received                                                                                                            —
      Less: cash and cash equivalents disposed of                                                                                       (67,751)

                                                                                                                                        (67,751)


      Note: The deferred consideration will be settled in cash by the purchaser under different stages in accordance with the sale and purchase
            agreement. The amount of approximately HK$132,449,000 consideration received and receivable has been settled during 2025.




190     Build King Holdings Limited
                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2025


48. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
                                                                                                                    2025                 2024
                                                                                                                 HK$’000              HK$’000

   Non-current asset
   Unlisted investments in subsidiaries                                                                            60,000               60,000

   Current assets
   Amounts due from subsidiaries                                                                               1,191,967              891,968
   Bank balances and cash                                                                                          1,203                1,287

                                                                                                               1,193,170              893,255

   Current liabilities
   Amount due to an intermediate holding company                                                                    2,514               2,514
   Amounts due to subsidiaries                                                                                    953,663             732,336

                                                                                                                  956,177             734,850

   Net current assets                                                                                             236,993             158,405

   Total assets less current liabilities                                                                          296,993             218,405

   Capital and reserves
   Ordinary share capital                                                                                         124,188             124,188
   Reserves                                                                                                       172,805              94,217

   Total equity                                                                                                   296,993             218,405


   Movement in reserves
                                                                Share      Contributed                Other    Accumulated
                                                             premium           surplus             reserve          losses               Total
                                                             HK$’000          HK$’000             HK$’000          HK$’000             HK$’000
                                                                                (Note)               (Note)

   At 1 January 2024                                           14,186           419,212                 115         (397,738)            35,775
   Profit and total comprehensive
     income for the year                                             —                 —                 —           195,048            195,048
   Dividend paid                                                     —                 —                 —          (136,606)          (136,606)

   At 31 December 2024                                         14,186           419,212                 115         (339,296)            94,217
   Profit and total comprehensive
     income for the year                                             —                 —                 —           295,917            295,917
   Dividend paid                                                     —                 —                 —          (217,329)          (217,329)

   At 31 December 2025                                         14,186           419,212                 115         (260,708)          172,805


   Note: The contributed surplus and other reserve represent adjustments in share capital on the reverse acquisition of the Company in 2004.




                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025              191
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025


49. PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES
      Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 are as follows:

                                                               Issued and fully    Proportion of nominal
                                  Place of                     paid/registered        value of issued
                                  incorporation/   Place of    ordinary            ordinary share capital
       Name of subsidiary         registration     operation   share capital         held by the Group       Principal activities
                                                                                       2025           2024
                                                                                         %              %

       Allied Wise Limited        Hong Kong        Hong Kong   HK$2                     100            100   Investment holding

       Amazing Reward Group       BVI              Hong Kong   US$1,000,000             100            100   Investment holding
        Limited

       Build King Construction    United Kingdom   Hong Kong   GBP16,072,500            100            100   Construction and
         Limited                                                                                               civil engineering

       Build King Civil           Hong Kong        Hong Kong   HK$75,200,000            100            100   Civil engineering
         EngineeringLimited                                     Ordinary shares
                                                               HK$24,000,000            100            100
                                                                Non-voting
                                                                deferred shares

       Build King Interior &      Hong Kong        Hong Kong   HK$1,000,000             100            100   Fitting out,
         Construction Limited                                                                                   improvement
                                                                                                                and alteration
                                                                                                                works for buildings

       Build King Management      Hong Kong        Hong Kong   HK$2                     100            100   Provision of
        Limited                                                                                                administrative
                                                                                                               and management
                                                                                                               services to
                                                                                                               group companies

       Build King (Zens)          Hong Kong        Hong Kong   HK$66,000,002            100            100   Civil engineering
         Engineering Limited                                    Ordinary shares
                                                               HK$14,800,000            100            100
                                                                Non-voting
                                                                deferred shares
                                                               HK$5,200,000               —             —
                                                                Non-voting
                                                                deferred shares
                                                                (note a)




192     Build King Holdings Limited
                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2025


49. PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
                                                               Issued and fully   Proportion of nominal
                                  Place of                     paid/registered       value of issued
                                  incorporation/   Place of    ordinary           ordinary share capital
    Name of subsidiary            registration     operation   share capital        held by the Group        Principal activities
                                                                                      2025           2024
                                                                                        %              %

    Integral E&M Contracting      Hong Kong        Hong Kong   HK$86,520,000           100             100   Electrical and
       Limited                                                                                                 mechanical
                                                                                                               engineering

    Integral E&M Engineering      Hong Kong        Hong Kong   HK$2                    100             100   Electrical and
       Limited                                                                                                 mechanical
                                                                                                               engineering

    Leader Marine Contractors     Hong Kong        Hong Kong   HK$200,000              100             100   Marine engineering
      Limited                                                                                                 and provision of
                                                                                                              transportation
                                                                                                              services

    Profound Success Limited      BVI              Hong Kong   US$1                    100             100   Investment holding

    Titan Foundation Limited      Hong Kong        Hong Kong   HK$20,000,000           100             100   Civil engineering

    Top Tactic Holdings Limited   BVI              BVI         US$1                    100             100   Investment holding

    Wai Kee China Construction Hong Kong           The PRC     HK$10,000,000           100             100   Civil engineering
     Company Limited

    Wai Kee China Infrastructure Hong Kong         The PRC     HK$1                    100             100   Investment holding
     Limited

    Wisdom Aim Investments        Hong Kong        Hong Kong   HK$1                    100             100   Provision of
      Limited                                                                                                  secretarial and
                                                                                                               nominee services
                                                                                                               to group companies

    Wise Start Global Limited     Hong Kong        Hong Kong   HK$1                    100             100   Investment holding

    惠記環保工程(上海)有限公司 The PRC                         The PRC     US$800,000              100             100   Environmental
     (note c)                                                                                                  engineering

    Tianjin Wai Kee Earth (note b) The PRC         The PRC     RMB320,000,000         98.81          84.81   Steam fuel supply




                                                                                                Annual Report 2025               193
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025


49. PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      Notes:


      (a)      These deferred shares, which are not held by the Group, practically carry minimal rights to dividends and no rights to receive notice of or
               to attend or vote at any general meeting of the company. On a winding up, the holders of the deferred shares are entitled to a distribution
               out of the remaining assets of the company only after the distribution of substantial amounts as specified in the Articles of Association to
               holders of ordinary shares of the company.


      (b)      The company is a co-operative joint venture registered in the PRC.


      (c)      The company is a foreign owned enterprise registered in the PRC.

      Except for Top Tactic Holdings Limited, all subsidiaries are indirectly held by the Company.

      The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors, principally affect the results of
      the year or constitute a substantial portion of the net assets of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in
      the opinion of the directors, result in particulars of excessive length.

      In the opinion of the directors of the Company, there are no subsidiaries that have non-controlling interest individually
      which are material to the Group at the end of each reporting period. Therefore, no information is disclosed for these non-
      wholly owned subsidiaries.

      None of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities at the end of both years.

50. MAJOR NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS
      During the year, the Group entered into new lease agreements for the use of leased properties ranging from 1 to 3
      years (2024: 1 to 3 years). On the lease commencement, the Group recognised right-of-use assets and lease liabilities
      of approximately HK$12,553,000 and HK$12,553,000 (2024: approximately HK$11,672,000 and HK$11,672,000)
      respectively.




194         Build King Holdings Limited
                                                                          Financial Summary

RESULTS
                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                          2021          2022            2023            2024          2025
                                       HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000

Group revenue                        10,030,017    12,422,588     12,507,050       14,368,536    13,842,704
Share of revenue of joint ventures       90,836        15,381          5,431            8,473         5,758

                                     10,120,853    12,437,969     12,512,481       14,377,009    13,848,462

Group revenue                        10,030,017    12,422,588     12,507,050       14,368,536    13,842,704

Operating profit                       371,400       557,071         671,287         560,850       527,971
Share of results of joint ventures       24,224        11,566           (4,048)       (48,297)      (2,184)
Share of results of associates              245          (106)           1,220            615        3,402
Finance costs                           (19,014)      (17,061)        (27,459)        (16,491)      (6,168)

Profit before tax                      376,855        551,470        641,000         496,677       523,021
Income tax expense                      (84,964)     (122,304)      (173,551)         (67,652)     (73,101)

Profit for the year                    291,891       429,166         467,449         429,025       449,920


FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                At 31 December
                                          2021          2022            2023            2024          2025
                                       HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000

Total assets                          7,126,192     7,320,533       8,317,742       8,475,133     8,430,892
Total liabilities                    (5,319,565)   (5,194,589)     (5,915,514)     (5,800,125)   (5,520,232)

Net assets                            1,806,627     2,125,944      2,402,228        2,675,008     2,910,660




                                                                                  Annual Report 2025    195
Corporate Information

BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                            AUDITOR
Executive Directors                                           Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                                              Certified Public Accountants
Zen Wei Peu, Derek
  (Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director)   Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors
Lui Yau Chun, Paul
                                                              SOLICITORS
Tsui Wai Tim
Chan Chi Ming                                                 Reed Smith Richards Butler
                                                              Conyers Dill & Pearman
Non-executive Directors
David Howard Gem
                                                              PRINCIPAL BANKERS
Chan Chi Hung, Anthony                                        The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited
Chang Kam Chuen, Desmond                                      Hang Seng Bank Limited
                                                              Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited
Independent Non-executive Directors
Ho Tai Wai, David                                             REGISTERED OFFICE
Ling Lee Ching Man, Eleanor                                   Clarendon House
Lo Yiu Ching, Dantes
                                                              2 Church Street
Ng Cheuk Hei, Shirley
                                                              Hamilton HM 11
AUDIT COMMITTEE                                               Bermuda

Ho Tai Wai, David (Chairman)                                  PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS
Ling Lee Ching Man, Eleanor
                                                              Units 601-605A, 6th Floor, Tower B
Lo Yiu Ching, Dantes
Ng Cheuk Hei, Shirley                                         Manulife Financial Centre
                                                              223 Wai Yip Street
NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                          Kwun Tong, Kowloon
Lo Yiu Ching, Dantes (Chairman)                               Hong Kong
Ho Tai Wai, David
                                                              PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
Ling Lee Ching Man, Eleanor
                                                               TRANSFER OFFICE
Ng Cheuk Hei, Shirley
Zen Wei Peu, Derek                                            Conyers Corporate Services (Bermuda) Limited
                                                              Clarendon House, 2 Church Street
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                        Hamilton HM11
Ling Lee Ching Man, Eleanor (Chairwoman)                      Bermuda
Ho Tai Wai, David
Lo Yiu Ching, Dantes                                          BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR AND
Ng Cheuk Hei, Shirley                                          TRANSFER OFFICE IN HONG KONG
Zen Wei Peu, Derek                                            Tricor Investor Services Limited
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND                                     17/F., Far East Finance Centre
 GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE                                         16 Harcourt Road
                                                              Hong Kong
Ng Cheuk Hei, Shirley (Chairwoman)
Ho Tai Wai, David                                             STOCK CODE
Ling Lee Ching Man, Eleanor
                                                              00240
Lo Yiu Ching, Dantes
Chan Chi Ming
                                                              WEBSITE
COMPANY SECRETARY                                             www.buildking.hk
Chan Chi Ming



196    Build King Holdings Limited
