   2025
Annual Report
CONTENTS
Corporate Information                            2
Mission Statement                                3
Corporate Profile                                3
Chairman’s Statement                             4
Management Discussion and Analysis               8
Corporate Governance Report                      9
Directors’ Report                                17
Independent Auditor’s Report                     23
Consolidated Income Statement                    27
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income   28
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position     29
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity      30
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows             32
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements   33
Financial Highlights                             76
2   Perennial International Limited


    CORPORATE INFORMATION
    The corporate information of Perennial International Limited as of the latest practicable date* prior to the issue of this
    annual report is as follows.

    Board of Directors                                                    Principal Place of Business in Hong Kong
    Executive Directors                                                   Units 2004-06, 20th Floor
    Mon Chung Hung
                                                                          Greenfield Tower, Concordia Plaza
     (Chief Executive Officer and Deputy Chairman)
    Chan Chun Yiu                                                         1 Science Museum Road
    Mon Wai Ki, Vicky                                                     Tsimshatsui, Kowloon, Hong Kong
    Mon Tiffany
    Mon Derek
                                                                          Stock Code
    Non-Executive Director                                                00725
    Koo Di An, Louise (Chairman)

    Independent Non-Executive Directors                                   Legal Advisor
    Lau Chun Kay                                                          CLKW Lawyers LLP
    Lee Chung Nai, Jones
                                                                          Rooms 1901A, 1902 & 1902A, 19/F,
    Chung Kit Ying
                                                                          16-18 Queen’s Road Central,
    Audit Committee                                                       Hong Kong
    Lau Chun Kay (Committee chairman)
    Lee Chung Nai, Jones                                                  Principal Bankers
    Chung Kit Ying
    Koo Di An, Louise                                                     Hang Seng Bank
                                                                          Dah Sing Bank
    Remuneration Committee                                                DBS Bank
    Lau Chun Kay (Committee chairman)                                     Standard Chartered Bank
    Lee Chung Nai, Jones
    Chung Kit Ying
    Koo Di An, Louise                                                     Auditors
                                                                          Crowe (HK) CPA Limited
    Nomination Committee                                                    (Appointed on 12 September 2025)
    Lau Chun Kay (Committee chairman)                                     Certified Public Accountants and Registered PIE Auditor
    Lee Chung Nai, Jones
    Chung Kit Ying                                                        9/F, Leighton Centre, 77 Leighton Road,
    Koo Di An, Louise                                                       Causeway Bay, Hong Kong
                                                                          Forvis Mazars CPA Limited
    Compliance Committee                                                    (Resigned on 12 September 2025)
    Koo Di An, Louise (Committee chairman)                                Certified Public Accountants and Registered PIE Auditor
    Mon Chung Hung
    Chan Chun Yiu
    Mon Wai Ki, Vicky                                                     Principal Registrar and Transfer Office
    Mon Tiffany
    Mon Derek                                                             Conyers Corporate Services (Bermuda) Limited
    Lau Chun Kay                                                          Clarendon House
    Lee Chung Nai, Jones
                                                                          2 Church Street, Hamilton HM 11
    Chung Kit Ying
                                                                          Bermuda
    Authorised Representatives
    Mon Chung Hung                                                        Branch Registrar and Transfer Office
    Chan Chun Yiu
                                                                          Union Registrars Limited
    Company Secretary                                                     Suites 3301-04, 33/F,
    Lai Wing Hong                                                         Two Chinachem Exchange Square
                                                                          338 King’s Road, North Point, Hong Kong
    Registered Office
    Clarendon House                                                       Website
    2 Church Street, Hamilton HM11
                                                                          https://perennial.todayir.com
    Bermuda



    *   The latest practicable date: 24 March 2026, being the latest practicable date prior to the issue of this annual report.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025   3




Mission Statement
Perennial International Limited is dedicated to maintain the high quality of its products, manufacturing processes
and service to customers and to forge a worldwide reputation as a business demanding excellence in all of its
operations.

Corporate Profile
The Perennial Group, founded in 1989, manufactures and trades quality wire harnesses, power cords, power cord
sets, cables and solid wire and plastic resins. The Group’s primary markets are America, Europe, Australia, Mainland
China, Japan and Southeast Asia where it sells to prominent multi-national producers of electrical and electronic
products.

Headquartered in Hong Kong, as at 31 December 2025, the Group employed 840 full time staff worldwide involved
in management, sales and marketing, shipping, procurement, financial and accounting, engineering, production and
manufacturing. The Group considers its employees to be its most important asset while its key values are quality,
prudence and integrity.
4   Perennial International Limited


    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
    On behalf of the board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors” or “Management”) of Perennial International
    Limited (the “Company”), I am pleased to announce the audited consolidated financial results of the Company,
    together with its subsidiaries (the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2025.

    The Group’s revenue was HK$395,740,000 (2024: HK$328,578,000) . Profit for the year ended 31 December 2025
    was HK$31,186,000 compared to HK$25,804,000 for the year ended 31 December 2024. Earnings per share was
    HK$0.157 (2024: HK$0.130) .

    Final Dividend
    The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.04 per share for the year. Together with the interim
    dividend of HK$0.02 per share, the Group’s total dividend for the year 2025 amounted to HK$0.06 per share (2024:
    HK$0.05) .

    The proposed final dividend is subject to approval of the shareholders at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting of
    the Company to be held on Thursday, 14 May 2026 (“2026 AGM”) and is to be payable on Tuesday, 2 June 2026 to
    shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on Thursday, 28 May 2026.

    Closure of Register of Members
    The forthcoming 2026 AGM will be held on Thursday, 14 May 2026. The register of members of the Company will be
    closed during the following periods:

    (i)    from Monday, 11 May 2026 to Thursday, 14 May 2026, both days inclusive and during which period no share
           transfer will be effected, for the purpose of ascertaining shareholders’ eligibility to attend and vote at the 2026
           AGM. In order to be eligible to attend and vote at the 2026 AGM, all transfer documents accompanied by the
           relevant share certificates must be lodged for registration with the Company’s branch share registrar, Union
           Registrars Limited at Suites 3301-04, 33/F, Two Chinachem Exchange Square, 338 King’s Road, North Point,
           Hong Kong not later than 4:00 p.m. on Friday, 8 May 2026.

    (ii)   from Monday, 25 May 2026 to Thursday, 28 May 2026, both days inclusive and during which period no share
           transfer will be effected, for the purpose of ascertaining shareholders’ entitlement to the proposed final
           dividend. In order to establish entitlements to the proposed final dividend, all transfer documents accompanied
           by the relevant share certificates must be lodged for registration with the Company’s branch share registrar,
           Union Registrars Limited at Suites 3301–04, 33/F, Two Chinachem Exchange Square, 338 King’s Road, North
           Point, Hong Kong not later than 4:00 p.m. on Friday, 22 May 2026.

    Business Review
    The Group’s revenue increased by 20.4% to HK$395.7 million in this financial year 2025. Sales of wire harness
    accounted for 55% (2024: 45%) , power cords recorded 44% (2024: 53%) while cables, wires and plastic resins
    accounted for remaining 1% (2024: 2%) of the Group’s revenue. Over the 12-month period, the Group delivered
    above market growth in certain regions. Sales in North America grew by 32% which led the overall growth of the
    Group thanks to our increasing variety delivered to our customers and increase in business in sector we provided.

    The Group’s major US customers are primary manufacturers of commercial and domestic heating, ventilation, and
    air conditioning (HVAC) equipment and white appliances. In spite of the enduring inflation, high interest rates and
    fear of an impending recession looming and other challenging conditions affecting North America market, the Group
    recorded a hike in deliveries to our US customers which accounted for 78% (2024: 72%) of sales during the year
    under review. For the North America economy in 2025, inflation has been a major hindrance. However, with our
    extension of product lines and increase in sales of more complex harness products, we have achieved increase in
    sales to the American markets.

    Sales to the PRC and Hong Kong decreased by around one-fourth due to the keen competition, end-customers’
    preference of place of origin and our balance of resources. Sales to the Japanese market decreased due to the
    changing of product mixes and demand cycle.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025    5
                                                                                  Chairman’s Statement (Continued)




Business Review (Continued)
Emerging markets showed varied growth, our sales to Vietnam recorded high growth due to customers’ new
production lines there which have driven demand improvement.

Management saw a further recovery of economic activities during 2025. Meanwhile, as businesses continued to face
multitude of challenges, such as the Russian–Ukrainian war, the Israel-Gaza confrontation and other political unrests,
paved threat to inflation and demand, and global economic landscape continued to remain fragile and volatile.
Competition remains keen, too.

In terms of economic development, global inflation was high, causing interest rates to remain relatively high which
has impacted the global demand and investment.

The price of our major cost component, copper, has increased dramatically since the second half of 2025 due to the
global supply shortage and the increase in demand for various usage such as Artificial Intelligence (“AI”), robotics
and electronic vehicle related products. We have continuously monitored the situation and mitigated such risk by
measures such as advanced purchases, negotiation of price with our suppliers and customers, and maintaining
material usage efficiency so as to maintain our cost with a competitive edge.

Notwithstanding the increased sales, uncertain movements of copper prices, shipping costs plus additional workers
to fulfill increased orders, the Management implemented cost control measures to minimise direct labor costs,
such as increasing the output per staff, better work arrangement and reduced overtime, complemented by new and
efficient production equipment, to maintain our profit margins. As of 31 December 2025, the Group has around 840
staff (2024: 880) , with revenue per head of approximately HK$470,000 per annum (2024: HK$370,000) .

The gross profit margin increased slightly from 28.7% in 2024 to 29.7% in 2025. It has been an achievement of
the Group to maintain operational efficiency while facing all the mounting uncertainties in supply chain, logistic and
material costs during the year under review. The Group maintained the net profit margin of 7.9% in 2025, which is at
the same level in 2024.

Inventory level increased by 7% to HK$138.4 million to cater for the increase in demand and for stocking up key
materials such as copper in light of the possible increase in price. The overall inventory turnover days was 176 days
(2024: 187 days) .

The trade and bills receivables balance increased by 5% to HK$84.9 million as compared to HK$80.9 million in
2024. The increase was the net results of the increase in sales and our improvement in debt collection cycle. Trade
receivable turnover days was 76 days (2024: 83 days) for the year 2025.

Our distribution and administrative expenses to revenue decreased by 3.7 percentage points to 16.9% as a result
of our effort to control number of administrative staff and administrative expenses and overall improvement in
efficiency.

Throughout the year, property market was still fragile and volatile in the PRC and Hong Kong. Our investment
properties still faced valuation downward pressure. From late 2025 the Hong Kong commercial property market has
shown certain signs of recovery with leasing rate recover to a certain extent. Meanwhile, the Group’s Heyuan factory
is looking to be leased out to realise its potential value.

Profit attributable to shareholders was HK$31.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2025, which is an increase
of HK$5.4 million or 20.9% as compared to HK$25.8 million for 2024. Earnings per share was HK$0.157 (2024:
HK$0.130) .

The Group delivered HK$52.8 million of net cash inflow in 2025, reflecting the improvements in net profit and
working capital strategies the Directors implemented in 2025. With the prudent capital and cashflow management,
the Group has zero bank borrowing as at 31 December 2025. Our prudent management and conservative culture are
the reasons for delivering favorable financial results.
6   Perennial International Limited

    Chairman’s Statement (Continued)




    Future Prospect
    There is a significant level of uncertainty right now as geopolitical and trade tension issues have dominated the
    markets recently. The US-Iran tension since early 2026 posed risks to the global economy primarily through energy
    markets and trade routes. Escalation could drive oil prices sharply higher, fueling inflation worldwide. This could also
    drive cost of key metal prices upwards.

    The increase in energy price may impact the inflation and consumers may face elevated gasoline and goods price and
    may exert a downward pressure on their demand and this may negatively impact the business of our customers and
    us.

    In addition to these challenges, trade policy uncertainties, trade protectionism and tariff disputes among major
    economies have further complicated the international business environment for the Group.

    Riding on those challenges, new demand on our products are rising from the needs of AI, robotics, sensors,
    electrification (such as electric vehicles) infrastructure upgrades globally. China’s 15th Five-Year Plan (2026-2030) has
    placed an emphasis on core strategic themes such as technological self-reliance in areas like semiconductors, AI,
    quantum, biotech, 6G, and advanced manufacturing. We will stay vigilance about the opportunities that may open up
    for us.

    Tariff imposed by US still creates uncertainties to global trades. The magnitude to different countries is uncertain. In
    order to protect the overall interest, we have set up production plants in both China and Vietnam to mitigate thereby
    caused. Yet, this cannot eliminate all risks associated with the tariff and we will try to explore business opportunities
    to more countries to mitigate.

    The Group’s top five (5) customers accounted for approximately 85% (2024: 82%) of the Group’s total revenue in
    the year 2025. The Group has relied heavily on a limited number of customers, products, and geographical markets,
    which may have significant impacts to our performance especially when the world is facing intensified geopolitical
    risks. With the goal to mitigate market concentration risks and ensure a steady recovery and sustainable growth, the
    Group has been agile but sustainable success depends on our customers’ outsourcing strategies, which continue to
    change in response to the general economy, government policies and end consumer demands.

    Continuous launch of newly developed wire cables and power cord products will enable the Group to continue to
    maintain our revenue impetus amid a rapidly changing business environment. The Group’s continuing success relies
    on meeting demand by working closely with our customers, strong procurement ability, together with innovation and
    stringent quality control.

    The plans to expand business are contingent upon the success of measures taken to alleviate and mitigate side
    effects of the persisting customers concentration. Certain capital expenditure will be required for the expansion and
    the Group will plan carefully for such requirement.

    To conclude, the Directors maintain a keen awareness of the prevailing economic fragility and is committed to
    addressing it with a proactive and strategic approach which center on serving our customers’ needs. In addition
    to allocating resources to areas with significant potential, the Group will continue to place a strong emphasis on
    continuous innovation and improvement on our product design and operational processes.

    The Group will prepare to capture new opportunities arising from anticipated gradual market recovery and navigate
    carefully in the challenging environment.

    Corporate Governance
    The Group is committed to safeguarding shareholders’ rights and enhancing corporate governance standard. As a
    result, the Group has established the Compliance Committee, the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee
    and the Nomination Committee to adhere to the best practice.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025    7
                                                                                   Chairman’s Statement (Continued)




Social Responsibility
The Group’s factories are regularly subject to factory audit by multinational enterprises. The factory audit serves as a
catalyst to enhance the Group’s standard on corporate social responsibility.

Moreover, the Group holds a strong belief in corporate social responsibility. So the Group continues to participate in
and support community activities in Hong Kong, the PRC and Vietnam.

With regards to the Group’s ESG performance, please refer to the Group’s ESG report which is available on the
Company’s website at https://perennial.todayir.com and the Stock Exchange’s website.

Vote of Thanks
As we move forward into 2026, we wish to thank all our stakeholders – most notably the clients, shareholders,
suppliers and employees – for their resilience, dedication and enthusiasm during these turbulent times. It is with their
continued support that the Group will succeed in growing its strength and delivering even greater value in the new
financial year and for many more years to come.


By Order of the Board
Koo Di An, Louise
Chairman

Hong Kong, 24 March 2026
8   Perennial International Limited


    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

    Liquidity, financial resources and capital structure
    The Group’s inventory level increased 7.0% from approximately HK$129,365,000 as at 31 December 2024 to
    approximately HK$138,358,000 as at 31 December 2025. Trade and bills receivables also recorded an increase from
    approximately HK$80,903,000 as at 31 December 2024 to approximately HK$84,910,000 as at 31 December 2025.

    Despite the increase in inventory and receivables, the increased sales volume in 2025 contributed an increase in the
    Group’s operating cash flow from approximately HK$21,656,000 in 2024 to approximately HK$53,447,000 in 2025.

    The Group’s cash and cash equivalents as at 31 December 2025 was approximately HK$105,484,000 (2024:
    HK$52,765,000) . The Group has no bank borrowings as at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024. The financial
    impacts of the strategies in place resulted in favourable financial position in view of the Group’s zero gearing level for
    three consecutive years.

    As at 31 December 2025, the consolidated shareholders’ equity of the Group was approximately HK$456,508,000,
    representing an increase of 5.8% over that of HK$431,650,000 from the previous year. The debt-to-equity ratio,
    which is calculated by dividing total liabilities by shareholders’ equity, was approximately 18.7%.

    Capital Expenditure
    During the year, capital expenditure approximates to HK$2,357,000 (2024: HK$5,303,000) .

    Pledge of Assets
    At 31 December 2025, the Group’s trade and loan finance facilities amounted to approximately HK$64,300,000,
    which were secured by limited guarantees given by the Company and certain subsidiaries.

    Segment Information
    During the year under review, America, the PRC and Vietnam (2024: America, the PRC and Japan) were the Group’s
    major markets, accounting for approximately 78%, 8% and 5% (2024: 72%, 12% and 8%) of the Group’s total sales
    respectively. The remaining 9% (2024: 8%) of sales were generated from customers located in Hong Kong, Japan
    and other countries (2024: Hong Kong, Vietnam and other countries) .

    Employees’ Remuneration Policy
    At 31 December 2025, the Group employed 840 (2024: 880) full time management, administrative and production
    staff worldwide. The proportion of male to female is 1:2.2 (2024: 1:2.1) . The Group follows market practice on
    remuneration packages. Employee’s remuneration is reviewed and determined by senior management annually
    depending on the employee’s performance, experience and industry practice. The total amount of employee’s
    remuneration was set out in note 13 to the consolidated financial information in this report. The Group invests in its
    human capital, including on-job training as well as policies of continuous professional training programs.

    Foreign Exchange Exposure
    The Group is exposed to foreign currency risk primarily through sales and purchases that are denominated in a
    currency other than the functional currency of the operations to which they relate. The currencies giving rise to this
    risk are primarily United States dollars (“USD”), Vietnam Dong (“VND”) and Renminbi (“RMB”). The Group primarily
    hedge its foreign currency exposure by its operations and by occasionally engaging in financial instruments such
    as forward contracts. The Management monitors foreign exchange exposure from time to time and will consider
    hedging significant foreign currency exposure when the need arises.

    During the year ended and as at 31 December 2025, all foreseeable foreign exchange risks of the Group are
    appropriately managed and hedged, if necessary.

    Contingent Liabilities
    As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group did not have any material contingent liability.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025    9

                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
The Company is firmly committed to statutory and regulatory corporate governance standards with emphasis on
transparency, independence, accountability, responsibility and fairness.

The Corporate Governance Code
The Directors confirm that the Company has fully complied with the code provisions set out in the Corporate
Governance Code (the “Code”) attached to the Listing Rules as Appendix C1, and adopted recommended best
practices set out in the Code whenever appropriate. During the year, Ms. Koo Di An, Louise, the Chairman, was
unable to hold a meeting with the independent non-executive Directors without the presence of the executive
Directors due to other prior business engagements.

The Board
The Board’s primary role is to protect and enhance long-term shareholder value. It sets the overall strategy for the
Group and supervises executive management to whom the responsibility of managing the day-to-day operation of the
Group is delegated. In the course of discharging its duties, the Board acts in integrity, due diligence and care, and in
the best interests of the Company and its shareholders.

The Board oversees the Company in a responsible and effective manner. It has adopted formal terms of reference
which details its functions and responsibilities. Its main responsibilities include, but not limited to, ensuring
competent management, approving objectives, strategies and business plans, ensuring prudent conduct of operations
within laws and approved policies, ensuring and monitoring integrity in the Company’s conduct of affairs. Day– to-
day management of the Group is delegated to the Executive Directors or the officer in charge of each division who
are given clear directions as to his/her powers and are required to report back to the Board. Functions reserved to the
Board and delegated to the management are reviewed periodically. The Directors, as members of the Board, jointly
share responsibility for the proper direction of the Company. The Company has formal service contract with each
Director setting out the key terms and conditions of his/her appointment.

The Board currently consists of nine (9) members whose details are set out on pages 19 to 20 of this report. It meets
quarterly and holds specific meetings as and when they are deemed necessary. The Board held four (4) meetings
during the year ended 31 December 2025. Notices of Board meetings were given to the Directors at least 14 days
prior to the date of the meetings with the agenda and any accompanying Board papers sent at least three days before
the date of the meetings. All Directors are given the opportunity to include matters for discussion in the agenda.
Minutes of the Board meetings and committee meetings, recording in sufficient detail the matters considered and
decisions reached, are kept by the Company Secretary and sent to the Directors or the committee members (as
appropriate) for their comment and records within reasonable time after the meeting is held. They are also available
for inspection by the Directors at any reasonable time on reasonable notice by any Director. A record of the Directors’
attendance at Board meetings is set out on page 16 of this report.

The Group provides extensive background information about its history, mission and businesses to the Directors.
The Directors are also provided with the opportunity to visit the Group’s operational facilities and meet with the
management to gain a better understanding of its business operations.

All Directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their
knowledge and skills. The Company updates Directors on the latest developments regarding the Listing Rules and
other applicable regulatory requirements from time to time, to ensure compliance and enhance their awareness of
good corporate governance practices.

During the year, all Directors, namely, Messrs Mon Chung Hung, Chan Chun Yiu, Mon Wai Ki, Vicky, Mon Tiffany,
Mon Derek, Koo Di An, Louise, Lau Chun Kay, Lee Chung Nai, Jones and Chung Kit Ying, received regular briefings
and updates on the Group’s business, operations, risk management and corporate governance matters. Materials
on new or changes to salient laws and regulations applicable to the Group were provided to the Directors. They
also attended regulatory update sessions and seminars on relevant topics. All Directors are requested to provide the
Company with their respective training record pursuant to the Code and confirmed that they have complied with C.1.4
of the Code.

The Board has separate and independent access to the senior management and the Company Secretary at all times.
The Board and each Board Committee also has access to independent professional advice where appropriate.

The Company has arranged for appropriate liability insurance for the Directors and the senior management of the
Group for indemnifying their liabilities arising out of corporate activities. The insurance coverage is reviewed on an
annual basis.
10   Perennial International Limited

     Corporate Governance Report (Continued)




     The Board (Continued)
     In order to reinforce independence, accountability and area of responsibility, the role of the Chairman is separate from
     that of the Chief Executive Officer. Ms. Koo Di An, Louise is the chairman of the Company and Mr. Mon Chung Hung
     is the chief executive officer of the Company. Their respective responsibilities are clearly established and set out
     in writing. The Chairman manages the Board and is responsible for ensuring that adequate information is provided
     to the Directors in a timely manner and all Directors are properly briefed on issues arising at Board meetings, while
     the Chief Executive Officer is responsible for implementing strategies, policies, and for conducting the Group’s
     businesses.

     Pursuant to the Bye-laws of the Company, one-third of the Directors must retire at each annual general meeting, and
     may offer themselves for re-election. Notwithstanding that the non–executive Directors are appointed for a specific
     term of one to three years, they are also subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years as other
     Directors do. To enhance accountability, any further re-appointment of an independent non-executive Director, who
     has served the Board for more than nine years, is subject to a separate resolution to be passed by the shareholders.
     In addition, Directors who are appointed to fill a casual vacancy should be subject to election by shareholders at the
     first general meeting after appointment according to the Company’s Bye-laws.

     Pursuant to the requirement of the Listing Rules, the Company confirms receipt of a written confirmation from each
     of the independent non-executive Directors for confirmation of his independence to the Company. The Company
     considers all its independent non-executive Directors to be independent.

     Responsibilities of the Directors for the Consolidated Financial Statements
     The Board should present a balanced, clear and comprehensible assessment of the Company’s and the Group’s
     performance, position and prospects. The Directors should prepare the consolidated financial statements on a going
     concern basis, with supporting assumptions or qualifications as necessary. The Board’s responsibility to present
     a balanced, clear and understandable assessment extends to annual and interim reports, other price–sensitive
     announcements and other financial disclosures required under the Listing Rules, and reports to regulators as well as
     to information required to be disclosed pursuant to statutory requirements.

     Board Committees
     The Board has established four (4) committees, each of them having specific terms of reference, to consider matters
     relating to specialised areas and to advise the Board or, where appropriate, to decide on behalf of the Board on such
     matters. Details of these committees and their principal terms of reference are as follows:

     Audit Committee
     The Audit Committee was established on 1 April 2003. Its current members include three (3) independent non-
     executive Directors and one (1) non-executive Director, who are:

     Independent Non-Executive Directors
     Mr. LAU Chun Kay (Chairman)
     Mr. LEE Chung Nai, Jones
     Ms. CHUNG Kit Ying

     Non-Executive Director
     Ms. KOO Di An, Louise

     The terms of reference of the Audit Committee are available on the Company’s website at https://perennial.todayir.com
     and the Stock Exchange’s website.

     The Audit Committee is mainly responsible for reviewing the Group’s financial and accounting policies and practices,
     making recommendation to the Board on the appointment, re-appointment and removal of the external auditor
     and any question of resignation or dismissal, their audit fees, matters relating to the independence of the external
     auditor; meeting with the external auditor to discuss the nature and scope of the audit, and matters of concern when
     requested to do so by the external auditor; reviewing the interim financial report and annual consolidated financial
     statements before they are submitted to the Board; discussing problems and reservations arising from the interim
     review and final audit, and any other matters the external auditor may wish to discuss, and reviewing the external
     auditor’s letter to the management and the management’s response; considering any major investigation findings
     on internal control and risk management systems matters as delegated by the Board or on its own initiative and the
     management’s response to these findings and reviewing arrangements which employees may use, in confidence, to
     raise concerns about possible improprieties in financial reporting, internal control, risk management systems or other
     matters.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025    11
                                                                           Corporate Governance Report (Continued)




Board Committees (Continued)
Audit Committee (Continued)
The Audit Committee meets at least twice a year with the external auditor. The Audit Committee held two (2)
meetings during the year ended 31 December 2025. An attendance record of its members at the Audit Committee
meetings is set out on page 16 of this report. During the year, the Audit Committee had a meeting with Forvis
Mazars CPA Limited (“Forvis Mazars”), the former auditor, to confirm their reason to resign. Upon appointment of
Crowe (HK) CPA Limited (“Crowe”) as the new auditor of the Company, the Audit Committee also reviewed the
calibre, audit proposals, independence, their reputation in the market, resources and capability of the new auditor and
other professional audit firms.

The Audit Committee has reviewed the interim financial report for the six months ended 30 June 2025 and the
audited financial results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 and the accounting principles and
practices adopted by the Group. The Audit Committee also reviewed the adequacy and effectiveness of the
Company’s internal control and risk management systems and made recommendations to the Board. The Board has
engaged an outsourced consultant to perform internal control review services for the Group. The Audit Committee
also reviewed and gave opinions on appointing new auditor and on the change in accounting policy during the year.
The Audit Committee has full and direct access to the outsourced internal audit consultant, reviews the reports on all
audits performed and monitors the audit performance. The Audit Committee also reviews the adequacy of the scope,
functions, competency and resources of the outsourced internal audit functions.

Remuneration Committee
The Remuneration Committee was established on 21 November 2005. Its current members include three (3)
independent non-executive Directors and one (1) non-executive Director, who are:

Independent Non-Executive Directors
Mr. LAU Chun Kay (Chairman)
Mr. LEE Chung Nai, Jones
Ms. CHUNG Kit Ying

Non-Executive Director
Ms. KOO Di An, Louise

The Remuneration Committee is mainly responsible for reviewing the Group’s remuneration policies, determining
the specific remuneration packages for executive Directors and senior management, including terms of salary,
discretionary bonus scheme, benefits in kind, pension rights, compensation payments and other long-term incentive
schemes, and making recommendations to the Board on remuneration of the non– executive Directors and senior
management. The terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee setting out its authority and responsibilities
are available on the Company’s website at https://perennial.todayir.com and the Stock Exchange’s website.

The Remuneration Committee met once (1) in the year of 2025. During the meeting, the committee members
discussed the policy for the remuneration of the executive Directors and senior management, assessed the
performance of the executive Directors and approved the remuneration packages of the executive Directors. An
attendance record of its members at the Remuneration Committee meeting is set out on page 16 of this report.

Nomination Committee
The Nomination Committee was established on 21 November 2005. Its current members include three (3)
independent non-executive Directors and one (1) non-executive Director, who are:

Independent Non-Executive Directors
Mr. LAU Chun Kay (Chairman)
Mr. LEE Chung Nai, Jones
Ms. CHUNG Kit Ying

Non-Executive Director
Ms. KOO Di An, Louise
12   Perennial International Limited

     Corporate Governance Report (Continued)




     Board Committees (Continued)
     Nomination Committee (Continued)
     The Board adopts a board diversity policy (the “Board Diversity Policy”) which sets out its approach to achieve
     and maintain its diversity through consideration of a number of measurable objectives including skills, professional
     experience, cultural and educational background, gender, age, as well as other attributes and strengths that are
     required for the Company’s business from time to time. Board appointments are made on a merit basis and
     candidates are considered against objective selection criteria, with due regard for the benefits of diversity on the
     Board.

     The Nomination Committee is mainly responsible for reviewing the structure, size, composition and diversity
     (including, without limitation, gender, age, cultural and educational backgrounds, skills, knowledge and experience)
     of the Board on a regular basis, reviewing the candidates’ qualification and competence and the Board Diversity
     Policy, assessing the independence of the independent non-executive Directors and making recommendations
     to the Board on appointment and re-appointment of Directors and the requirement on board diversity, so as to
     ensure that all nominations are fair and transparent. Having taken into account the above objective criteria, the
     Nomination Committee was of the view that the Company has a diverse Board. The revised terms of reference of
     the Nomination Committee setting out its authority and responsibilities are available on the Company’s website at
     https://perennial.todayir.com and the Stock Exchange’s website.

     The Nomination Committee met once (1) in the year of 2025. During the meeting, the committee members discussed
     the procedures and criteria which should be adopted by them in nominating candidates for directorship and agreed
     that such criteria should include the candidates’ professional background, their financial and commercial experience
     and their past track record with other listed companies (if any). Candidates who satisfy the relevant criteria are
     then short-listed by the chairman of the Nomination Committee before their nominations are proposed to the
     Nomination Committee. The Nomination Committee subsequently meets to select the final candidates and submit
     its recommendation to the Board for its final approval. An attendance record of its members at the Nomination
     Committee meeting is set out on page 16 of this report.

     The Company currently has four female Directors and the Board will endeavour to at least maintain female
     representation on the Board and take opportunities to increase the proportion of female members over time as and
     when suitable candidates are identified.

     Compliance Committee
     The Compliance Committee was established on 25 November 2005. Its current members include five (5) executive
     Directors, one (1) non-executive Director and three (3) independent non-executive Directors, who are:

     Executive Directors
     Mr. MON Chung Hung
     Mr. CHAN Chun Yiu
     Ms. MON Wai Ki, Vicky
     Ms. MON Tiffany
     Mr. MON Derek

     Non-Executive Director
     Ms. KOO Di An, Louise (Chairman)

     Independent Non-Executive Directors
     Mr. LAU Chun Kay
     Mr. LEE Chung Nai, Jones
     Ms. CHUNG Kit Ying
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025   13
                                                                           Corporate Governance Report (Continued)




Board Committees (Continued)
Compliance Committee (Continued)
The Compliance Committee is mainly responsible for (i) reviewing corporate communication issued by the Company
so as to ensure compliance in every respect with the listing requirements contained in the Listing Rules; and
(ii) reviewing transactions entered into by the Company so as to ensure compliance with the relevant laws and
regulations applicable to the Company whether of Hong Kong or elsewhere. To enhance corporate governance,
the Compliance Committee was also delegated with the responsibilities of (i) developing and reviewing the
Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and making recommendations to the Board; (ii) reviewing
and monitoring the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior management; (iii)
developing, reviewing and monitoring the code of conduct applicable to employees and Directors; and (iv) reviewing
the Company’s compliance with the Code and disclosure in the corporate governance report. Where necessary, the
Compliance Committee would seek professional advice in respect of the requirements of the Listing Rules and other
applicable laws and regulations so as to improve the existing compliance procedures of the Company.

The Compliance Committee held one (1) meeting during the year ended 31 December 2025. During the meeting,
the committee members discussed the recent amendments to the Listing Rules relating to corporate governance
and resolved that more resources should be allocated for meeting the increasingly stringent requirements of the
regulatory authorities. It was also suggested all future amendments to the Listing Rules should be circulated to
members of the senior management so that they all understand and can help the Company to comply with its
obligations under the Listing Rules and seminars on Listing Rules updates and corporate governance practices should
be arranged for members of the senior management and other interested Directors. An attendance record of its
members at the Compliance Committee meeting is set out on page 16 of this report.

Internal Control
The Board is responsible for internal control of the Group and for reviewing its effectiveness. Procedures have
been designed for safeguarding assets against unauthorised use or disposition, ensuring the maintenance of
proper accounting records for the provision of reliable financial information for internal use or for publication, and
ensuring compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations. The procedures provide reasonable but not absolute
assurance against material errors, losses or fraud.

The Board has engaged an outsourced internal audit consultant to perform independent internal control review
services. Thereafter, the outsourced consultant has assisted the Group to perform a review of the effectiveness
of internal control system for certain selected processes. The assessment results and proposed improvement
recommendations were reported to the Audit Committee.

The Board, through the Audit Committee, has reviewed annually the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control
system covering all material controls, including financial, operational and compliance controls and risk management
functions and, in particular, consider the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training
programmes and budget of the Group’s accounting and financial reporting function for the year ended 31 December
2025. Based on the findings of the outsourced internal audit consultant and the comments of the Audit Committee,
the Board considers that the Group’s internal control system is effective and adequate. Areas for improvement
identified and appropriate measures taken so as to provide assurance that key business and operational risks are
identified and managed.

The key procedures that the Board has established to provide effective internal control are as follows:

(a)   a comprehensive monthly management reporting system is in place providing financial and operational
      performance indicators to the management, and the relevant financial information for reporting and disclosure
      purpose;

(b)   management structure with defined roles, responsibilities and reporting lines are established. Delegated
      authorities are documented and communicated; and

(c)   system and procedures are in place to identify, measure, manage and control risks including liquidity, credit,
      market, business, regulatory, operational and reputational risks that may have an impact on the Group.
14   Perennial International Limited

     Corporate Governance Report (Continued)




     Risk Management Function
     The Group has established a robust risk management framework, which consists of the Board, the Audit Committee
     and Senior Management of the Group. The Board determines the nature and extent of risks that shall be taken in
     achieving the Group’s strategic objectives, and has the overall responsibility for monitoring the overall effectiveness
     of risk management. The Group identifies key risks that would adversely affect the achievement of the Group’s
     objectives, and assesses and prioritises the identified risks according to a set of standard criteria. Risk mitigation
     plans are then established by the risk owners to manage the risks to acceptable level.

     The Board, through the Audit Committee, has reviewed annually the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management
     system for the year ended 31 December 2025. Based on the findings and the comments of the Audit Committee, the
     Board considers that the Group’s risk management system is effective and adequate.

     External Auditor
     The Audit Committee is responsible for considering the appointment, re-appointment and removal of external auditor
     subject to endorsement by the Board and final approval and authorisation by shareholders of the Company in general
     meeting. The Audit Committee assesses the external auditor, taking into account factors such as the performance
     and quality of the audit and the objectivity and independence of auditor. Forvis Mazars resigned as the Company’s
     auditor on 12 September 2025 and Crowe was appointed on the same day to fill the casual vacancy and to hold office
     until the conclusion of the 2026 AGM.

     External Auditor’s Remuneration
     The Group was charged HK$655,000 and HK$55,000 by Crowe for audit and non-audit services respectively for the
     year ended 31 December 2025. The non-audit services mainly consist of taxation services.

     Financial Reporting
     The Board, supported by the accounts department, is responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial
     statements of the Company and the Group. In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Board has adopted
     generally accepted accounting standards in Hong Kong and complied with accounting standards issued by the Hong
     Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Appropriate accounting policies have also been used and applied
     consistently.

     The reporting responsibilities of the external auditor are set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 23 to
     26 of this annual report.

     Model Code for Securities Transactions
     The Company has adopted a code of conduct regarding Directors’ and employees’ securities transactions on terms
     no less exacting than the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”)
     as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules. Having made specific enquiry of all Directors, they had complied with
     the required standards of the Model Code during the year.

     Shareholders’ Rights
     The Board and management shall ensure shareholders’ rights and all shareholders are treated equitably and
     fairly. Pursuant to the Company’s Bye-laws, any shareholder entitled to attend and vote at a general meeting of
     the Company is entitled to appoint another person as his proxy to attend and vote instead of him. In addition,
     shareholders who hold not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company shall have the right, by written
     requisition to the Board or the Company Secretary of the Company, to require a special general meeting to be called
     by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition. The requisition must state the purposes
     of the meeting, and must be signed by the requisitionists and deposited at the registered office of the Company,
     and may consist of several documents in like form each signed by one or more requisitionists. If the Directors do not
     within 21 days from the date of the deposit of the requisition proceed duly to convene a meeting, the requisitionists,
     or any of them representing more than one half of the total voting rights of all of them, may themselves convene a
     meeting, but any meeting so convened shall not be held after the expiration of three (3) months from the said date.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025    15
                                                                           Corporate Governance Report (Continued)




Shareholders’ Rights (Continued)
Moreover, shareholders who hold not less than one-twentieth of the paid up capital of the Company or not less than
100 shareholders shall have the right, by written requisition to the Board or the Company Secretary of the Company,
to put forward a resolution which may properly be moved and is intended to be moved at an annual general meeting.
The Company shall not be bound to give notice of the proposed resolution or circulate a statement with respect
to the matter referred to in the proposed resolution to shareholders unless (a) a copy of the requisition signed by
the requisitionists, or two or more copies which between them contain the signatures of all the requisitionists, is
deposited at the registered office of the Company not less than six (6) weeks before the meeting in the case of
a requisition requiring notice of a resolution and not less than one (1) week before the meeting in the case of any
other requisition and (b) there is deposited or tendered with the requisition a sum reasonably sufficient to meet
the Company’s expenses in giving effect thereto. If, however, after a copy of the requisition requiring notice of a
resolution has been deposited at the registered office of the Company, an annual general meeting is called for a date
six (6) weeks or less after the copy has been deposited, the copy though not deposited within the time required as
referred to above shall be deemed to have been properly deposited for the purposes thereof.

Chairmen of the various Board committees, or failing the Chairmen, any member from the respective committees,
must attend the annual general meetings of the Company to address shareholders’ queries. External auditor shall also
be invited to attend the Company’s annual general meetings and are available to assist the Directors in addressing
queries from shareholders relating to the conduct of the audit and the preparation and content of its auditor’s report.

For each substantially separate issue at a general meeting, a separate resolution would be proposed. Resolutions
put to the vote at any general meeting (other than those on procedural and administrative matters) are taken by
poll. Procedures regarding the conduct of the poll are explained to the shareholders at the commencement of each
general meeting, and questions (if any) from shareholders regarding the voting procedures would be answered.

Investor Relations
The Company believes in regular and timely communication with shareholders as part of its efforts to help
shareholders understand its business better and the way the Company operates.

To promote effective communication with the public at large, the Company maintains a website on which
comprehensive information about the Company, its major businesses, financial information and particulars of
Directors are posted. The Company’s publications, including press releases, announcements, annual and interim
reports, shareholders circulars are being made available on this website (https://perennial.todayir.com).

In addition, shareholders who have any enquiries regarding the Company may send their enquiries in writing to the
principal place of business of the Company in Hong Kong for the attention of the Company Secretary who will then
forward the same to the Board and/or the relevant Board committees for response (where appropriate). The Company
reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the shareholders’ communication policy and considered it to be
effective.

To support environmental protection, save costs and enhance efficient communication between the Company
and Shareholders, pursuant to Rule 2.07A of the Listing Rules, the Company has implemented the electronic
dissemination of corporate communication. Details of such arrangements are set out on the Company’s website.

The Bye-laws of the Company is available on the websites of the Company (https://perennial.todayir.com) and the
Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk).
16   Perennial International Limited

     Corporate Governance Report (Continued)




     Company Secretary
     Mr. Lai Wing Hong is the company secretary of the Company. He has complied with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules
     and has taken no less than 15 hours of relevant professional training during the financial year ended 31 December
     2025.

     Directors’ Attendance at Board, Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee,
     Nomination Committee, Compliance Committee and General Meetings
                                                                     Audit   Remuneration   Nomination   Compliance
                                                        Board    Committee     Committee    Committee    Committee     General
                                                      Meetings    Meetings      Meetings      Meetings     Meetings   Meetings

      Total number of meetings held during the year
        ended 31 December 2025                               4           2              1            1            1          1


      Number of meetings attended:

      Executive Directors
      Mr. MON Chung Hung
        (Chief Executive Officer & Deputy Chairman)          3         N/A            N/A          N/A            1         0
      Mr. CHAN Chun Yiu                                      4         N/A            N/A          N/A            1         1
      Ms. MON Wai Ki, Vicky                                  4         N/A            N/A          N/A            1         1
      Ms. MON Tiffany                                        4         N/A            N/A          N/A            1         1
      Mr. MON Derek                                          4         N/A            N/A          N/A            1         1

      Non-Executive Director
      Ms. KOO Di An, Louise (Chairman)                       4           2              1            1            1          1

      Independent Non-Executive Directors
      Mr. LAU Chun Kay                                       4           2              1            1            1          1
      Mr. LEE Chung Nai, Jones                               4           2              1            1            1          1
      Ms. CHUNG Kit Ying                                     4           2              1            1            1          1
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025    17

                                                                            DIRECTORS’ REPORT
The Directors are pleased to present their report together with the audited consolidated financial statements for the
year ended 31 December 2025.

Principal Activities and Geographical Analysis of Operations
The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. Its subsidiaries are principally engaged in the
manufacturing and trading of electric cable and wire products. The activities of the subsidiaries are set out in note 28
to the consolidated financial statements.

An analysis of the Group’s performance for the year by geographical segment is set out in note 5 to the consolidated
financial statements.

Five Years Financial Summary
A summary of the results, assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is set out below. Due
to the change in accounting policy for land and buildings, the Group has made retrospective adjustments and
restatement on the comparative amounts for the previous years in accordance with HKAS 8.


                                                  2025            2024           2023            2022           2021
                                               HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000

  Revenue                                       395,740        328,578         303,527        324,524         373,472
  Profit for the year                            31,186         25,804          15,746         18,510          23,597
  Total assets                                  541,911        495,982         454,852        467,328         536,936
  Total liabilities                              85,403         64,332          45,328         63,158         127,753
  Total equity                                  456,508        431,650         409,524        404,170         409,183


Analysis of the Group’s Performance
An analysis of the Group’s performance is set forth in the Chairman’s Statement on pages 4 to 7 of this report.

Major Suppliers and Customers
The percentages of purchases and sales for the year attributable to the Group’s major suppliers and customers
respectively, classified by individual entity, are as follows:

                                                                                                                    %

  Purchases
    – the largest supplier                                                                                        31%
    – five largest suppliers combined                                                                             73%
  Sales
    – the largest customer                                                                                        47%
    – five largest customers combined                                                                             85%

None of the directors, their close associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) or any shareholder (which to the
knowledge of the directors owns more than 5% of the Company’s share capital) had an interest in the major
suppliers or customers noted above.

Dividend Policy
Pursuant to the Dividend Policy, the Board shall also take into account the following factors of the Company and its
subsidiaries when considering the declaration and payment of dividends:

(a)   operating and financial results;
(b)   cash flow situation;
(c)   business conditions and strategies;
(d)   future operations and earnings;
(e)   taxation considerations;
(f)   capital requirements and expenditure plans;
(g)   interests of shareholders;
(h)   restrictions under the Bermuda Laws and the Company’s memorandum of association and the bye-laws of the
      Company; and
(i)   any other factors that the Board may consider relevant.
18   Perennial International Limited

     Directors’ Report (Continued)




     Results and Appropriations
     The results of the Group for the year are set out in the consolidated income statement on page 27 of this report. The
     Group has paid an interim dividend of HK$0.02 per share on 12 September 2025.

     The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.04 per share for the year.

     Principal Properties
     Details of the principal properties held for the Group’s main operations are set out in note 15 to the consolidated
     financial statements.

     Details of the principal properties held for investment purposes are set out in note 16 to the consolidated financial
     statements.

     Share issued in the year
     No new shares were issued during the year. Details of shares issued as at 31 December 2025 are set out in note 21
     to the consolidated financial statements.

     Distributable Reserves
     As at 31 December 2025, the Company’s reserves available for distribution, calculated in accordance with the laws of
     Bermuda, amounted to HK$25,208,000. In addition, the Company’s contributed surplus, amounting to HK$62,548,000
     as at 31 December 2025, is available for distribution. However, the Company cannot declare or pay a dividend, or
     make a distribution out of the contributed surplus if (i) it is, or would after the payment be, unable to pay its liabilities
     as they become due; or (ii) the net realisable value of its assets would thereby be less than the aggregate of its
     liabilities and its share capital and share premium account. The Company’s share premium account with a balance of
     HK$15,885,000 as at 31 December 2025 is distributable in the form of fully-paid bonus shares.

     Donations
     Charitable donations made by the Group during the year amounted to approximately HK$2,504,000.

     Pre-Emptive Rights
     There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s Bye-laws and there is no restriction against
     such rights under the laws of Bermuda, which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to
     existing shareholders.

     Purchase, Sale and Redemption of the Company’s Listed Securities
     The Company has not redeemed any of its shares during the year. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries
     has purchased, redeemed or sold any of the Company’s shares during the year.

     Public Float
     Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, more
     than 25% of the Company’s issued shares was held by the public as at 24 March 2026, being the latest practicable
     date prior to the issue of this annual report, in accordance with Rule 8.08 of the Listing Rules.

     Analysis of Bank Loans and Other Borrowings
     The Group did not have any bank loan and other borrowing as at 31 December 2025.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025   19
                                                                                       Directors’ Report (Continued)




Directors
The Directors of the Company during the year and up to the date of this report were:

Executive Directors
Mr. MON Chung Hung (Chief Executive Officer & Deputy Chairman)
Mr. CHAN Chun Yiu
Ms. MON Wai Ki, Vicky
Ms. MON Tiffany
Mr. MON Derek

Non-Executive Director
Ms. KOO Di An, Louise (Chairman)

Independent Non-Executive Directors
Mr. LAU Chun Kay
Mr. LEE Chung Nai, Jones
Ms. CHUNG Kit Ying

Mr. Mon Chung Hung, Mr. Chan Chun Yiu and Mr. Lau Chun Kay will retire in accordance with clause 111 of the
Company’s Bye-laws at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting of the Company. All of them, being eligible, offer
themselves for re-election.

The term of office of each non-executive and independent non–executive Director is not more than three years and
subject to retirement by rotation in accordance with the Company’s Bye-laws.

Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management
The biographical details of the directors and senior management of the Company are set out as follows:

Executive Directors
Mr. Mon Chung Hung , aged 75, is the founder of the Group, the Chief Executive Officer, the Deputy Chairman, an
executive Director, Authorized Representative and a member of the compliance committee of the Board. Mr. Mon
has over 47 years of experience in the electric cable and wire industry. He is responsible for the Group’s overall
strategic planning and policy making. Mr. Mon is a director of Spector Holdings Limited, the controlling shareholder
of the Company. He is also the husband of Ms. Koo Di An, Louise and the father of Ms. Mon Wai Ki, Vicky, Ms. Mon
Tiffany and Mr. Mon Derek.

Mr. Chan Chun Yiu , aged 54, is an executive Director, the Authorized Representative and a member of the
compliance committee of the Board. He is also the Group’s Manufacturing Manager and is responsible for quality
management and manufacturing engineering. He joined the Group in 1997, holds a Bachelor degree and Master
degree in Mechanical Engineering and has over 29 years of experience in the electric cable and wire industry.

Ms. Mon Wai Ki, Vicky , aged 51, is an executive Director and a member of the compliance committee of the Board.
She graduated from the Central Queensland University in Australia with a Bachelor of Communications degree. She
joined the Group in 2004. As the Marketing Executive, she participates in developing marketing strategies. She is the
daughter of Mr. Mon Chung Hung and Ms. Koo Di An, Louise, and the elder sister of Ms. Mon Tiffany and Mr. Mon
Derek.

Ms. Mon Tiffany , aged 46, is an executive Director and a member of the compliance committee of the Board,
bringing over two decades of experience since joining the Group in 2002. She holds a bachelor’s double major degree
in economics and management from the University of Sydney, Australia, and is certified as an “RSSGB” (Registered
Six Sigma Green Belt) by Six Sigma Institute. She has attained a Professional Diploma in Company Director, a
Certificate in Sustainability Leadership and a Directorship Certificate in Sustainability and Climate Governance
from the Hong Kong Institute of Directors (“HKIOD”). In her role as the Marketing Communications Manager, she
coordinates marketing strategies and oversees the information system of the Group. Ms. Mon is the daughter of Mr.
Mon Chung Hung and Ms. Koo Di An, Louise, the younger sister of Ms. Mon Wai Ki, Vicky, and the elder sister of
Mr. Mon Derek.

Mr. Mon Derek , aged 38, is an executive Director and a member of the compliance committee of the Board and is
also the Group’s sales and marketing manager. He joined the group in 2013. He graduated from University of Sydney
with a Bachelor of Science and Technology. He obtained “LSSBB” (Lean Six Sigma Black Belt) certification from Six
Sigma Institute. Being the Group’s sales representative, he also participates in new product development and product
sales. Mr. Mon Derek is the son of Mr. Mon Chung Hung and Ms. Koo Di An, Louise, and the younger brother of Ms.
Mon Wai Ki, Vicky and Ms. Mon Tiffany.
20   Perennial International Limited

     Directors’ Report (Continued)




     Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management (Continued)
     Non-Executive Director
     Ms. Koo Di An , Louise, aged 74, is the Chairman, a Non-Executive Director, the chairman of the compliance
     committee and a member of the audit, remuneration and nomination committees of the Board. Ms. Koo is a director
     of Spector Holdings Limited, the controlling shareholder of the Company. She is also the wife of Mr. Mon Chung
     Hung and the mother of Ms. Mon Wai Ki, Vicky, Ms. Mon Tiffany and Mr. Mon Derek.

     Independent Non-Executive Directors
     Mr. Lau Chun Kay , B.Sc., MBA, M.A., aged 77, is an independent non-executive Director, the chairman of the audit,
     remuneration and nomination committees and a member of the compliance committee of the Board. He joined the
     Group in 1996. Mr. Lau is a registered professional engineer and holds a master’s degree in business administration
     and a bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering from the University of Hong Kong, and a master degree in history
     and a master degree in Philosophy from the Chinese University of Hong Kong. Mr. Lau is a Life President of the Hong
     Kong Electrical Contractors Association. He is also the executive Director of the Hong Kong Federation of Electrical
     and Mechanical Contractors. He has over 54 years of experience in management and engineering.

     Mr. Lee Chung Nai, Jones , aged 77, is an independent non-executive Director and a member of the audit,
     remuneration, nomination and compliance committees of the Board. He joined the Group in 2010. Mr. Lee has over
     42 years of experience in international trade in toys, among which Mr. Lee had also operated a toys factory with 2,000
     workers in China for 11 years. Mr. Lee had also operated a subsidiary company in Hong Kong for a listed company in
     Australia. Mr. Lee has his own toy company.

     Ms. Chung Kit Ying , aged 51, is an Independent Non-Executive Director and a member of the audit, remuneration,
     nomination and compliance committee of the Board. She joined the Group in December 2017. Ms. Chung obtained
     a degree of Bachelor of Business Administration and a degree of Master of Science in Finance from the Chinese
     University of Hong Kong in 1997 and 2007, respectively. Ms. Chung has worked in an international firm of certified
     public accountants and the finance department of a listed group, and has over 27 years of experience in accounting
     and auditing. Ms. Chung is a member of Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and a fellow
     member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (“ACCA”).

     Senior Management
     Mr. Chung Kai Cheung , aged 47, is the Chief Financial Officer (the “CFO”) of the Group. He joined the Group in
     October 2025. Mr. Chung has over 20 years of experience in financial management of multinational corporations in
     different industries. He obtained a Master’s degree in Corporate Governance and Compliance from the Hong Kong
     Baptist University and a Bachelor’s degree majoring in Accountancy from the City University of Hong Kong. He is a
     fellow member of each the HKICPA, the Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute and the Chartered Governance
     Institute.

     Mr. Wong Andy Tze On , aged 58, was the former CFO. He joined the Group in 2021 and resigned in October 2025.
     Mr. Wong has over 28 years of experience in financial management of multinational corporations. Mr. Wong holds
     a business degree in accounting from Curtin University of Technology, Western Australia. He is a fellow member of
     the CPA Australia and a member of the Association of Chinese Internal Auditors and the Pan-Asia Risk and Insurance
     Management Association.

     Mr. Kwok Pui Sang , aged 38, is the Group’s General Manager (Manufacturing Management and Marketing
     Development). He joined the Group in October 2025. He holds a Bachelor degree in Economics and Finance from the
     University of Keele, England. Mr. Kwok has over 15 years of experience in the electric cable and wire industry, as
     well as in the plastics and molding industry.

     Mr. Siu Yuk Shing, Marco , aged 66, is the Sales Director of the Group and is responsible for sales of the Group’s
     products and product development. He joined the Group in 1989. Mr. Siu has over 37 years of experience in the
     electric cable and wire industry. Mr. Siu is the directors of several operating subsidiaries of the Company.

     Mr. Lai Wing Hong , aged 48, is the Finance Manager and Company Secretary of the Company. He is fellow members
     of the HKICPA and the ACCA. He holds a Bachelor (Honours) Degree in Accountancy from the Hong Kong Polytechnic
     University and a Master Degree in Business Administration from the Holmes Institute. Mr. Lai joined the Group in
     2019 and is responsible for finance functions and the Company Secretary work. He has over 24 years of experience
     in auditing and accounting including the senior financial executive of a GEM board listed company in Hong Kong.

     Directors’ Service Contracts
     None of the Directors proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting has a service contract with
     the Company which is not determinable within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory
     compensation.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025   21
                                                                                            Directors’ Report (Continued)




Directors’ Material Interests in Transactions, Arrangements and Contracts that are
Significant in Relation to the Group’s Business
No transactions, arrangements and contracts of significance in relation to the Group’s business to which its holding
company or the Company’s subsidiaries was a party, and in which a director of the Company and the directors’
connected party had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time
during the year.

Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in the Shares,
Underlying Shares and Debentures
As at 31 December 2025, the interests and short positions of the Directors and the chief executives of the Company
in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning
of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (“SFO”)), which were
required (i) to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the
SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the
SFO), or (ii) pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein or (iii) pursuant to
the Model Code, to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange, were as follows:

Ordinary shares of HK$0.10 each in the Company (the “Shares”)
Long Positions in Shares


                                                                                                                     Total
                                                                                                                interests
                                                                                                                  as % of
                                                           Number of shares                                  the relevant
                                       Personal             Family     Corporate                  Total            issued
 Name                                  interests          interests     interests             interests     share capital

 MON Chung Hung                                 –                 –     147,810,000        147,810,000            74.29%
                                                                            (note 1)
 KOO Di An, Louise                              –     147,810,000                  –       147,810,000            74.29%
                                                          (note 2)
 LAU Chun Kay                            138,000                 –                  –          138,000              0.07%

Note 1: The 147,810,000 Shares were held in the name of Spector Holdings Limited (“Spector Holdings”) which is beneficially
        owned as to 99.9% by Mr. Mon Chung Hung (“Mr. Mon”) and as to the remaining 0.1% by Ms. Koo Di An, Louise (“Ms.
        Koo”). Therefore, Mr. Mon is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Spector Holdings. Each of Mr. Mon and Ms.
        Koo is a director of Spector Holdings.

Note 2: Ms. Koo is the wife of Mr. Mon and is thus deemed to be interested in the Shares in which Mr. Mon is deemed to be
        interested.

Interest in Shares of Associated Corporation of the Company

                                                                                                          Approximate %
                                                                                                          of shareholding
                          Name of associated                                                                in associated
 Name of Director         corporation                  Capacity                                               corporation

 Mr. Mon                  Spector Holdings             Beneficial owner                                             99.9%
 Ms. Koo                  Spector Holdings             Beneficial owner                                              0.1%

All the interests stated above represent long positions. Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, none of
the Directors and chief executives of the Company had any interests or short positions in any shares, underlying
shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the
SFO) which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of
Part XV of the SFO or to be entered in the register referred to therein pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO.

Other than those disclosed above, at no time during the year ended 31 December 2025 was the Company or any
of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors or chief executives of the Company or any of
their associates to acquire benefits by means of acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other
body corporate.
22   Perennial International Limited

     Directors’ Report (Continued)




     Substantial Shareholders’ Interests in the Share Capital of the Company
     As at 31 December 2025, as far as known to the Directors, the following person (other than the Directors and
     chief executives of the Company) had an interest or short position in the Shares or underlying Shares which would
     be required to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or as
     recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO:


                                                                                                                            Total
                                                                                                                       interests
                                                                                                                         as % of
                                                                   Number of Shares                                 the relevant
                                         Personal        Family        Corporate          Other            Total          issued
      Name                               interests     interests        interests      interests       interests   share capital

      Spector Holdings                 147,810,000            –                –              –     147,810,000         74.29%
        Limited                            (note 1)

     Note 1:   Spector Holdings is owned as to 99.9% by Mr. Mon and as to the remaining 0.1% by Ms. Koo.

     All the interests stated above represent long positions. Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, the
     Directors are not aware of any other person who had an interest or a short position in the Shares as recorded in the
     register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO.

     Management Contracts
     No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of
     the Company were entered into or existed during the year.

     Directors’ Interest in Competing Business
     None of the Directors has an interest in any business which competes or is likely to compete with the business of
     the Group.

     Business Review
     Business review of the Group is set forth in the Chairman’s Statement on pages 4 to 7 of this report.

     Permitted Indemnity Provisions
     At no time during the financial year and up to the date of this Directors’ Report, there was or is, any permitted
     indemnity provision being in force for the benefit of any of the directors of the Company (whether made by the
     Company or otherwise) or an associated company (if made by the Company).

     Auditors
     In October 2023, PricewaterhouseCoopers resigned and Forvis Mazars CPA Limited (“Forvis Mazars”) was appointed
     as the Company’s auditor. In September 2025, Forvis Mazars resigned and Crowe (HK) CPA Limited (“Crowe”) was
     appointed as the Company’s auditor. These changes were based on consideration on auditor’s remuneration.

     The consolidated financial statements have been audited by Crowe who will retire at the forthcoming annual general
     meeting of the Company and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-appointment.

     Events After the Reporting Period
     Significant events after the reporting period up to the date of this report are set out in note 30 to the consolidated
     financial statements.

     On behalf of the Board
     Koo Di An, Louise
     Chairman

     Hong Kong, 24 March 2026
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025    23

                                               INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




Perennial International Limited
To the shareholders of Perennial International Limited
(incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)

Opinion
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Perennial International Limited (the “Company”) and
its subsidiaries (together the “Group”) set out on pages 27 to 75, which comprise the consolidated statement of
financial position as at 31 December 2025, and the consolidated income statement, the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash
flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting
policy information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group
as at 31 December 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year
then ended in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants (the “HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the
Companies Ordinance.

Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) as issued by the HKICPA.
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the “Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the
Consolidated Financial Statements” section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the
HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), as applicable to audits of financial statements
of public interest entities. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We
believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
24   Perennial International Limited

     Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)




     Key Audit Matters
     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
     consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit
     of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
     separate opinion on these matters.

      Key Audit Matter                                            How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

      Valuation of investment properties                          Our key procedures, where applicable on a sample basis,
      The Group owns investment properties in Hong Kong           included:
      and the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) for
      investment purpose. These properties are classified         •    Obtaining an understanding of the management’s
      as investment properties according to their use                  internal control and assessment process of
      with carrying amount of HK$73.5 million as at 31                 valuation for investment properties and assessing
      December 2025. For the year ended 31 December                    the inherent risk of material misstatement by
      2025, revaluation loss of HK$10.8 million relating to the        considering the degree of estimation uncertainty
      investment properties is recorded in the consolidated            and level of other inherent risk factors;
      income statement.
                                                                  •    Assessing the competence, capabilities and
      The valuations of the investment properties are                  objectivity of the independent professional qualified
      inherently subjective due to, among other factors, the           valuer;
      individual nature of each property and its location.
                                                                  •    Assessing the reasonableness of the valuation
      The valuations of the investment properties were                 methods, key assumptions and underlying data
      carried out by independent professional qualified                including comparable market transactions adopted
      valuer.                                                          by the independent professional qualified valuer
                                                                       based on our knowledge of the market;
      We identified the valuation of investment properties
      as a key audit matter because of its significance to the    •    Performing sensitivity analysis of the key
      consolidated financial statements and the judgement              assumptions to assess what changes thereto,
      and estimation involved in the valuation and the                 either individually or collectively, would result in a
      determination of the key assumptions applied in the              different conclusion being reached and assessing
      valuation model.                                                 whether there were any indicators of management
                                                                       bias in the selection of key assumptions; and
      Related disclosures are included in notes 2.7, 4.2 and
      16 to the consolidated financial statements.                •    Considering the adequacy of the Group’s disclosure
                                                                       in respect of the fair value measurement.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025    25
                                                                          Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)




Key Audit Matters (Continued)
 Key Audit Matter                                          How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

 Revenue recognition                                       Our key procedures, where applicable on a sample basis,
 The Group recognised revenue of HK$396 million from       included:
 the sales of goods for the year ended 31 December
 2025. The Group’s top five customers accounted            •     Evaluated and tested the design of key internal
 for 85% of the total revenue for the year ended 31              controls of management over the revenue
 December 2025.                                                  recognition;

 We identified revenue recognition as our audit focus      •     Checked to the underlying documents on the sales
 because revenue is one of the key performance                   cycle, particularly the sales contracts, shipping
 indicators of the Group and because there is                    and delivery documents evidencing the transfer
 an inherent risk of manipulation in the timing of               of control of the goods delivered to and accepted
 recognition of revenue by management to meet                    by the customers, for supporting the occurrence,
 specific targets or expectation.                                accuracy and completeness of the revenue
                                                                 recognised during the year, on a sample basis;
 Related disclosures are included notes 2.22(i) and 5.
                                                           •     Reviewed the sales transactions, on a sample
                                                                 basis, occurred immediately before and after the
                                                                 end of both 2024 and 2025 to ensure the relevant
                                                                 sales transactions were recorded in the proper
                                                                 reporting periods;

                                                           •     Obtained written confirmation replies directly from
                                                                 the customers for the occurrence, accuracy and
                                                                 completeness of sales transactions for the year, on
                                                                 a sample basis; and

                                                           •     Reviewed the journal entries during the year
                                                                 to confirm no irregular sales transaction was
                                                                 recorded.


Other Information
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the 2025 annual report of the Company but does not include the consolidated financial
statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not and will not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with
the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially
misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

Responsibilities of Directors and the Audit Committee for the Consolidated Financial
Statements
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give
a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure
requirements of the Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to
enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to
fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no
realistic alternative but to do so.

The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.
26   Perennial International Limited

     Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)




     Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
     Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
     are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
     opinion. This report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with Section 90 of the Companies Act 1981 of
     Bermuda and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person
     for the contents of this report.

     Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
     with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error
     and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
     economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

     As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
     skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

     •    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
          fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
          sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
          resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery,
          intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

     •    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
          appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
          Group’s internal control.

     •     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
           related disclosures made by the directors.

     •     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
           on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may
           cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
           uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the
           consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions
           are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or
           conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

     •    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
          the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
          events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

     •    Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial
          information of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the group
          financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed
          for purposes of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

     We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
     audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our
     audit.

     We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
     regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
     thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

     From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
     significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current year and are therefore the key audit
     matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
     the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our
     report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
     benefits of such communication.

     The engagement director on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Leung Chun Wa.



     Crowe (HK) CPA Limited
     Certified Public Accountants
     Hong Kong, 24 March 2026


     Name of engagement partner
     Leung Chun Wa
     Practising Certificate number: P04963
                                                                                                Annual Report 2025   27

                                          CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2025


                                                                                       2025                2024
                                                                   Note             HK$’000             HK$’000

 Revenue                                                              5             395,740             328,578
 Cost of sales                                                                     (278,202)           (234,169)

 Gross profit                                                                       117,538               94,409
 Other income                                                         6               9,555               12,973
 Distribution expenses                                                              (12,029)             (11,760)
 Administrative expenses                                                            (54,910)             (56,016)
 Other operating expenses, net                                       7              (16,771)              (9,968)
 Impairment loss on trade receivables                              3.1(iii)          (1,712)                 (34)

 Operating profit                                                     8              41,671              29,604
 Finance costs                                                        9                   –                  (8)

 Profit before taxation                                                               41,671             29,596
 Taxation                                                          10(a)             (10,485)            (3,792)

 Profit for the year attributable to shareholders of the Company                     31,186              25,804

 Basic and diluted earnings per share (HK cents)                     11                 15.7                13.0




The above consolidated income statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
28   Perennial International Limited


     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
     For the year ended 31 December 2025


                                                                                       2025               2024
                                                                                    HK$’000            HK$’000

      Profit for the year                                                             31,186             25,804

      Other comprehensive income/(loss):
      Item that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
         Revaluation surplus on land and buildings, net of tax                             –              7,939
      Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
         Exchange difference arising from translation of financial statements of
           foreign operations                                                          3,620             (7,691)

       Other comprehensive income for the year                                         3,620                248

      Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to
        shareholders of the Company                                                   34,806             26,052




     The above consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
     notes.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025   29

          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                              At 31 December 2025


                                                                                            2025               2024
                                                                          Note           HK$’000            HK$’000

 ASSETS
 Non-current assets
   Property, plant and equipment                                           15            116,089             123,874
   Investment properties                                                   16             73,468              83,391
   Non-current deposits                                                                      209                 204
   Deferred tax assets                                                    10(b)           14,542              11,010

                                                                                         204,308             218,479

 Current assets
   Inventories                                                             17            138,358             129,365
   Trade and bills receivables                                             18             84,910              80,903
   Other receivables, deposits and prepayments                                             7,744               6,144
   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                   19              1,107               8,240
   Tax recoverable                                                                             –                  86
   Cash and cash equivalents                                               20            105,484              52,765

                                                                                         337,603             277,503

 Total assets                                                                            541,911             495,982


 EQUITY
 Equity attributable to shareholders of the Company
   Share capital                                                           21             19,896              19,896
   Reserves                                                                              436,612             411,754

 Total equity                                                                            456,508             431,650

 LIABILITIES
 Non-current liabilities
   Deferred tax liabilities                                               10(b)             8,140              8,106

                                                                                            8,140              8,106

 Current liabilities
   Trade and other payables                                                22              67,491             51,348
   Lease liabilities                                                      15(b)                 –                 47
   Tax payable                                                                              9,772              4,831

                                                                                           77,263             56,226

 Total liabilities                                                                         85,403             64,332

 Total equity and liabilities                                                            541,911             495,982

The consolidated financial statements on pages 27 to 75 were approved by the Board of Directors on 24 March 2026
and were signed on its behalf by

                       MON Chung Hung                                           CHAN Chun Yiu
                          Director                                                 Director

The above consolidated statement of financial position should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
30   Perennial International Limited


     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
     For the year ended 31 December 2025


                                                                                      Reserves
                                                                          Land and
                                                              Exchange     building     Capital
                                        Share       Share   fluctuation revaluation redemption    Statutory   Retained                Total
                                       capital   premium        reserve     reserve     reserve     reserve   earnings     Total     equity
                                      HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000   HK$’000    HK$’000

      At 1 January 2025                19,896      15,885     (23,397)       7,939         104      13,466     397,757   411,754    431,650

      Profit for the year                   –           –            –           –            –           –     31,186    31,186     31,186

      Other comprehensive income
      Exchange difference arising
        from translation of foreign
        operations                          –           –        3,620           –            –           –          –     3,620      3,620

      Other comprehensive income
        for the year                        –           –        3,620           –            –           –          –     3,620      3,620

      Total comprehensive income
        for the year                        –           –        3,620           –            –           –     31,186    34,806     34,806

      Transfer to statutory reserve         –           –            –           –            –        413       (413)          –          –
      Dividend paid (note 12)               –           –            –           –            –          –     (9,948)    (9,948)    (9,948)

      At 31 December 2025              19,896      15,885     (19,777)       7,939         104      13,879     418,582   436,612    456,508
                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025    31

              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2025


                                                                                    Reserves
                                                                       Land and
                                                        Exchange        building        Capital
                                   Share       Share   fluctuation   revaluation   redemption     Statutory   Retained                 Total
                                  capital   premium        reserve      reserve        reserve     reserve    earnings      Total     equity
                                 HK$’000    HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000    HK$’000    HK$’000

 At 1 January 2024                19,896     15,885      (15,706)             –            104      12,876    376,469    389,628    409,524

 Profit for the year                   –           –            –             –              –           –     25,804     25,804     25,804

 Other comprehensive
    (loss)/income
 Revaluation surplus on land
   and buildings, net of tax           –           –            –         7,939              –           –          –      7,939      7,939
 Exchange difference arising
   from translation of foreign
   operations                          –           –      (7,691)             –              –           –          –     (7,691)    (7,691)

 Other comprehensive (loss)/
   income for the year                 –           –      (7,691)         7,939              –           –          –        248        248

 Total comprehensive (loss)/
   income for the year                 –           –      (7,691)         7,939              –           –     25,804     26,052     26,052

 Transfer to statutory reserve         –           –            –             –              –         590       (590)          –          –
 Dividend paid (note 12)               –           –            –             –              –           –     (3,926)    (3,926)    (3,926)

 At 31 December 2024              19,896     15,885      (23,397)         7,939            104      13,466    397,757    411,754    431,650




The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
32   Perennial International Limited


     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
     For the year ended 31 December 2025


                                                                                           2025                2024
                                                                      Note              HK$’000             HK$’000

      Cash flows from operating activities
      Cash generated from operations                                  24(a)               61,870                 26,659
      Hong Kong profits tax paid, net                                                     (5,844)                (1,614)
      Overseas income tax paid, net                                                       (2,579)                (3,381)
      Interest paid                                                                            –                     (8)

      Net cash from operating activities                                                  53,447                 21,656

      Cash flows from investing activities
      Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                           (2,357)             (5,303)
      Dividend received from financial assets at FVPL                                          5                 231
      Interest received                                                                    1,351               1,053
      Purchase of financial assets at FVPL                                               (14,309)            (21,321)
      Proceeds from sale of financial assets at FVPL                                      24,444              22,185
      Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                                    262                 120

      Net cash from/(used in) investing activities                                         9,396                 (3,035)

      Cash flows from financing activities
      Payments for principal portion of the lease liabilities         24(b)                  (47)                  (454)
      Dividend paid                                                    12                 (9,948)                (3,926)

      Net cash used in financing activities                                               (9,995)                (4,380)

      Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                           52,848                 14,241
      Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                      52,765                 39,008
      Exchange difference on cash and cash equivalents                                      (129)                  (484)

      Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                         20               105,484                  52,765




     The above consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025    33

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025


1. General Information
   Perennial International Limited (the “Company”) is an investment holding company. The Company and its
   subsidiaries (together the “Group”) are principally engaged in the manufacturing and trading of electric cable
   and wire products. The principal activities of its subsidiaries are set out in note 28 to the consolidated financial
   statements.

   The Company is a limited liability company incorporated in Bermuda and its shares are listed on the Main Board
   of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”). The address of its registered office is
   Clarendon House, 2 Church Street, Hamilton HM11, Bermuda.

   These consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”) and all amounts have been
   rounded to the nearest thousand, unless otherwise stated.

2. Basis of Preparation and Material Accounting Policy Information
   2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION
        These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRS Accounting
        Standards, which collective term includes all applicable Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong
        Kong Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of
        Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”), accounting principles generally accepted in Hong Kong
        and the disclosure requirements of the Companies Ordinance (the “CO”). These consolidated financial
        statements also comply with the applicable disclosures provision of the Rules Governing the Listing of
        Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”). Material accounting
        policy information adopted by the Group are disclosed below.

        The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025 comprise the Company and
        its subsidiary.

        These consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a basis consistent with the material
        accounting policy information adopted in the 2024 consolidated financial statements except for the
        adoption of the following new/revised HKFRS Accounting Standards that are relevant to the Group.

        The measurement basis used in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements is historical
        cost, except for investment properties and financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”),
        which are measured at fair value as explained in the material accounting policy information set out below.

   2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES
        2.2.1 Adoption of new/revised HKFRS Accounting Standards
              The Group has applied the following amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the
              HKICPA for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the Group’s financial annual period
              beginning on or after 1 January 2025, to the consolidated financial statements for the current
              accounting year:

              Amendments to HKAS 21                             Lack of Exchangeability

              The Group has not applied any new standards and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards
              that are not yet mandatorily effective for the current accounting period. The application of the
              Amendments to HKAS 21 in the current year has had no material impact on the Group’s financial
              positions and performance for the current and prior years and on the disclosures set out in these
              consolidated financial statements.

              Amendments to HKAS 21 Lack of Exchangeability
              The amendments specify a currency is exchangeable when an entity is able to exchange that
              currency for the other currency through markets or exchange mechanisms that create enforceable
              rights and obligations without undue delay at the measurement date and for a specified purpose.
              When a currency is not exchangeable at the measurement date, an entity estimates the spot
              exchange rate as the rate that would have applied to an orderly transaction between market
              participants at the measurement date and that would faithfully reflect the prevailing economic
              conditions.

              When a currency is not exchangeable, an entity discloses information that would enable users of its
              financial statements to evaluate how a currency’s lack of exchangeability affects, or is expected to
              affect, its financial performance, financial position and cash flows.
34   Perennial International Limited

     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     2. Basis of Preparation and Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
          2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES (Continued)
                2.2.2 Possible impact of new and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards issued but not yet
                      effective of the year ended 31 December 2025
                      Up to the date of approval for issue of these consolidated financial statements, the HKICPA
                      has issued a number of new and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards which are not
                      yet effective for the year ended 31 December 2025 and which have not been adopted in these
                      consolidated financial statements, as follows:

                      Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7                     Amendments to the Classification and Measurement
                                                                              of Financial Instruments1
                      Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7                     Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity1
                      Annual Improvements to HKFRS Accounting               Amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 9,
                        Standards – Volume 11                                 HKFRS 10 and HKAS 71
                      HKFRS 18 and consequential amendments to              Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements2
                        other HKFRS Accounting Standards
                      HKFRS 19 and subsequent amendments                    Subsidiaries without Public Accountability:
                                                                              Disclosures2
                      Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28                    Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor
                                                                              and its Associate or Joint Venture3
                      1
                            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026
                      2
                            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027
                      3
                            Effective date to be determined

                      Except for the new and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards mentioned below, the
                      directors anticipate that the application of other new and amendments to HKFRS Accounting
                      Standards will have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable
                      future.

                      Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 Amendments to the Classification and Measurement
                      of Financial Instruments
                      The amendments include:

                      (a)   clarification and further guidance for assessing whether the contractual cash flows of a financial
                            asset meets the solely payments of principal and interest criterion;

                      (b)   clarification of the date of recognition and derecognition of some financial assets and liabilities,
                            with an accounting policy option to allow an entity to derecognise a financial liability before the
                            settlement date if it is settled in cash using an electronic payment system if specified criteria
                            are met;

                      (c)   new disclosure requirements for investments in equity instruments designated at FVOCI; and

                      (d)   new disclosure requirements for financial instruments with contractual terms that could
                            change the amount of contractual cash flows based on the occurrence (or non-occurrence) of a
                            contingent event.

                      The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026,
                      with early application permitted with specific disclosures. The application of the amendments is not
                      expected to have significant impact on the financial position and performance of the Group.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025    35
                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2. Basis of Preparation and Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
   2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES (Continued)
       2.2.2 Possible impact of new and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards issued but not yet
             effective of the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
             HKFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements and consequential
             amendments to other HKFRS Accounting Standards
             HKFRS 18 replaces HKAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements (“HKAS 1”). It carries forward
             many requirements from HKAS 1 unchanged. HKFRS 18 brings major changes to the statement of
             profit or loss and notes to the financial statements as follows:

            (a)   HKFRS 18 requires an entity:

                  (i)    to classify income and expenses into operating, investing and financing categories in the
                         statement of profit or loss, plus income taxes and discontinued operations;

                  (ii)   to present two new defined subtotals, namely, operating profit or loss and profit or loss
                         before financing and income taxes.

            (b)   It requires an entity to disclose management-defined performance measures (“MPM”) and
                  reconciliations between MPM and subtotals listed in HKFRS 18 or totals or subtotals required
                  by HKFRS Accounting Standards.

            (c)   It sets out requirements to help an entity determine whether information about items should
                  be in the primary financial statements or in the notes and provides principles for determining
                  the level of detail needed for the information.

            HKFRS 18 also sets out classification requirements for foreign exchange differences, gain or loss on
            the net monetary position, and gains and losses on derivatives and designated hedging instruments.

            In addition, some paragraphs in HKAS 1 have been moved to HKAS 8 Basis of Preparation of
            Financial Statements and HKFRS 7. Minor amendments to HKAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows and
            HKAS 33 Earnings per Share are also made.

            HKFRS 18 and consequential amendments to other HKFRS Accounting Standards are effective for
            annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027, with early application permitted. The
            application of the new standard is expected to affect the presentation of the consolidated statement
            of profit or loss and disclosures in the future consolidated financial statements. The Group is in the
            process of assessing the detailed impact on the consolidated financial statements.

   2.3 Principles of consolidation
       Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The Group
       controls an entity when it has power over the entity, it exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from
       its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the
       activities of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to
       the Group. They are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.

       Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group companies
       are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated, unless the transaction provides evidence of an
       impairment of the transferred assets. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where
       necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.
36   Perennial International Limited

     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     2. Basis of Preparation and Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
          2.4 Separate financial statements
                Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost includes direct attributable
                costs of investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of
                dividend received and receivable.

                Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from these
                investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the
                dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial statements
                exceeds the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s net assets
                including goodwill.

          2.5 Segment reporting
                Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief
                operating decision-maker.

          2.6 Foreign currency translation
                (i)    Functional and presentation currency
                       Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using
                       the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional
                       currency”). The consolidated financial statements are presented in HK$, which is also the Company’s
                       functional and the Group’s presentation currency.

                (ii)   Transactions and balances
                       Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates at
                       the dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of
                       such transactions and from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
                       currencies at year end exchange rate are generally recognised in profit or loss.

                       All foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in the consolidated income statement on a net
                       basis within other operating expenses, net.

                       Non-monetary items that are measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the
                       exchange rates at the date when the fair value was determined. Translation differences on assets
                       and liabilities carried at fair value are reported as part of the fair value gain or loss.

                (iii) Group companies
                      The results and financial position of foreign operations (none of which has the currency of a
                      hyperinflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency
                      are translated into the presentation currency as follows:

                       i)     assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position presented are translated at the
                              closing rate at the date of that statement of financial position;

                       ii)    income and expenses for each income statement and statement of comprehensive income are
                              translated at an average exchange rate (unless this is not a reasonable approximation of the
                              cumulative effects of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income and
                              expenses and translated of the date of the transactions); and

                       iii)   all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.

                       On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of any net investment in
                       foreign entities, and of borrowings and other financial instruments designated as hedges of such
                       investments, are recognised in other comprehensive income. When a foreign operation is sold or any
                       borrowings forming part of the net investment are repaid, the associated exchange differences are
                       reclassified to profit or loss, as part of the gain or loss on sale.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025   37
                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2. Basis of Preparation and Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
   2.7 Investment properties
       Investment properties are land and/or buildings that are held to earn rental income and/or for capital
       appreciation which include property interest held under lease carried at fair value. Land held under lease is
       accounted for as investment property when the rest of the definition of an investment property is met.

       Investment property is measured initially at its cost, including related transaction costs.

       After initial recognition, investment property is carried at fair value representing open market value
       determined at each reporting date by independent professional qualified valuer. Fair value is based on
       active market prices, adjusted, if necessary, for any difference in the nature, location or condition of the
       specific asset. If the information is not available, the Group uses alternative valuation methods such as
       income approach. Changes in fair values are recognised in the consolidated income statement as part of a
       valuation gain or loss in other operating expenses, net.

       Subsequent expenditure is charged to the asset’s carrying amount only when it is probable that future
       economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be
       measured reliably. All other repairs and maintenance costs are expensed in the consolidated income
       statement during the financial period in which they are incurred.

   2.8 Property, plant and equipment
       (i)    Right-of-use assets
              Right-of-use assets consist of leasehold land in Hong Kong and land use rights in the PRC and
              Vietnam stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses and leased property
              in Hong Kong measured in accordance with accounting policy as disclosed in note 2.9 to the
              consolidated financial statements. The above right-of-use assets are presented as the corresponding
              underlying assets of the property, plant and equipment.

       (ii)   Other property, plant and equipment
              Other property, plant and equipment consists of buildings, leasehold improvements, plant and
              machinery, furniture and fixtures, office equipment, motor vehicles and pleasure boats stated at cost
              less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses. The cost of an item of other property, plant
              and equipment comprises its purchase price and any directly attributable costs of bringing the asset
              to its working condition and location for its intended use. Repairs and maintenance are charged to
              profit or loss during the year in which they are incurred.

       (iii) Depreciation
             Depreciation on leasehold land in Hong Kong and buildings is calculated to write off their costs less
             accumulated impairment losses on a straight-line basis over the unexpired period of the leases or
             their estimated useful lives, whichever is shorter. The principal annual rates used range from 1.5%
             to 4%.

              Land use rights in the PRC and Vietnam are depreciated over the lease term on a straight-line basis.

              Other property, plant and equipment are depreciated at rates sufficient to write off their costs less
              accumulated impairment losses over their estimated useful lives on a reducing balance basis. The
              principal annual rates are as follows:

              Leasehold improvements            15%–20%
              Plant and machinery               15%–20%
              Furniture and fixtures            15%–20%
              Office equipment                  15%–20%
              Motor vehicles                    15%–20%
              Pleasure boats                    10%
38   Perennial International Limited

     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     2. Basis of Preparation and Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
          2.8 Property, plant and equipment (Continued)
                (iv) Others
                     Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as
                     appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow
                     to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced
                     part is derecognised. All other repairs and maintenance are expensed in the consolidated income
                     statement during the financial period in which they are incurred.

                      The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of
                      each reporting period.

                      An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s
                      carrying amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount (note 2.10).

                      If a property occupied by the Group as an owner-occupied property becomes an investment property
                      measured at fair value, the Group accounts for such property in accordance with the policy stated
                      under “Property, plant and equipment” up to the date of change in use, and any difference at that
                      date between the carrying amount and the fair value of the property is accounted for as a revaluation
                      surplus or deficit in other comprehensive income (“OCI”) and accumulated in the land and building
                      revaluation reserve.

                (v)   Gains and losses on disposals
                      Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount.
                      These are included in the consolidated income statement and are recognised within other operating
                      expenses, net.

          2.9 Leases
                (i)   As lessee
                      At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. The
                      Group will reassess whether a contract is, or contains, a lease only if the terms and conditions of
                      the contract are subsequently changed. A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys
                      the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.
                      Control is conveyed where the customer has both the right to direct the use of the identified asset
                      and to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from that use.

                      At the lease commencement date, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability,
                      except for short-term leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less and do not have a purchase
                      option and leases of low-value assets. The lease payments associated with those leases which are
                      not capitalised are recognised as an expense in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the lease
                      term.

                      When the lease is capitalised at the commencement date of lease, the lease liability is initially
                      measured at the present value of lease payments payable with reference to an expected lease
                      term, which includes optional lease periods when the Group is reasonably certain to exercise the
                      option to extend or not to terminate the lease. In calculating the present value of lease payments,
                      the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the interest rate
                      implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. Lease payments included in the measurement of the
                      lease liability are made up of fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease
                      incentives receivable, variable payments that depend on an index or a rate, amounts expected to be
                      payable under residual value guarantees and payments arising from options reasonably certain to be
                      exercised. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are not included in the
                      measurement of the lease liability and are expensed in the period to which they relate.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025     39
                                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2. Basis of Preparation and Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
   2.9 Leases (Continued)
       (i)    As lessee (Continued)
              After initial recognition, the lease liability is subsequently measured by increasing its carrying amount
              to reflect interest on the lease liability (using the effective interest rate method) and by reducing
              its carrying amount to reflect the lease payments made. The lease liability is remeasured (with a
              corresponding adjustment made to the related right-of-use asset) when there is a change in future
              lease payments in case of renegotiation, changes of an index or rate or in case of reassessment of
              options.

              The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost which comprises the initial amount of the lease
              liability and any initial direct costs incurred. Where applicable, the cost of the right-of-use assets
              also includes an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore
              the underlying asset or the site on which it is located. The right-of-use asset is subsequently
              measured at cost less accumulated depreciation, applying the depreciation requirements in HKAS 16
              Property, Plant and Equipment and is subject to impairment review whenever events or changes in
              circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.

       (ii)   As lessor
              When the Group acts as a lessor, it determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance
              lease or an operating lease. A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all the
              risks and rewards incidental to the ownership of an underlying assets to the lessee. If this is not the
              case, the lease is classified as an operating lease.

              Lease payments from properties letting under operating leases are recognised as rental income over
              the lease term on a straight-line basis.

   2.10 Impairment of non-financial assets
       Internal and external sources of information is reviewed at the end of each reporting period to identify
       indications that its property, plant and equipment may be impaired or an impairment loss previously
       recognised no longer exists or may have decreased.

       If any such indication exists, the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated.

       Calculation of recoverable amount
       The recoverable amount of an asset is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and value in use.
       In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a
       pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks
       specific to the asset. Where an asset does not generate cash inflows largely independent of those from
       other assets, the recoverable amount is determined for the smallest group of assets that generates cash
       inflows independently (i.e. cash-generating unit).

       Recognition of impairment losses
       If the recoverable amount of an asset or a cash-generating unit is estimated to be less than its carrying
       amount, the carrying amount of the asset or cash-generating unit is reduced to its recoverable amount.
       Impairment losses are recognised as an expense immediately, except where the relevant asset is carried
       at revalued amount in which case the impairment loss is treated as a revaluation decrease in accordance
       with the accounting policy relevant to that asset.

       Reversal of impairment losses
       A reversal of an impairment loss is limited to the asset’s carrying amount that would have been
       determined had no impairment loss been recognised in prior years. Reversals of impairment losses are
       credited to profit or loss in the year in which the reversals are recognized.
40   Perennial International Limited

     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     2. Basis of Preparation and Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
          2.11 Financial assets
                (i)    Classification
                       The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:

                       •    those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through OCI or through profit or loss);
                            and

                       •    those to be measured at amortised cost.

                       The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the
                       contractual terms of the cash flows.

                       For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in profit or loss or OCI.
                       For investment in equity instruments that are held for trading, the equity instruments measure
                       at FVPL. For investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading, this will depend on
                       whether the Group has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to account for
                       the equity investment at fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”).

                       The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing
                       those assets changes.

                (ii)   Recognition and derecognition
                       Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date on which
                       the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised when the rights
                       to receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the Group
                       has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.

                (iii) Measurement
                      At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a
                      financial asset not at FVPL, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the
                      financial asset. Transaction costs of financial assets carried at FVPL are expensed in the consolidated
                      income statement.

                       Debt instruments
                       Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for
                       managing the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are two measurement
                       categories in which the Group classifies its debt instruments:

                       •    Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash
                            flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost.
                            Interest income from these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective
                            interest rate method. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition is recognised directly in
                            consolidated income statement and presented in other operating expenses, net together with
                            foreign exchange gains and losses. Impairment losses are presented as separate line item in
                            the consolidated income statement.

                       •    FVPL: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI are measured at FVPL.
                            A gain or loss on a debt instrument that is subsequently measured at FVPL is recognised in
                            profit or loss in the period in which it arises.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025     41
                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2. Basis of Preparation and Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
   2.11 Financial assets (Continued)
       (iv) Impairment
            The Group assesses on a forward looking basis the expected credit losses (“ECL”) associated with
            its debt instruments carried at amortised cost. The impairment methodology applied depends on
            whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.

            Impairment on these financial assets is measured as either 12-month ECL or lifetime ECL, depending
            on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. If a significant
            increase in credit risk of a receivable has occurred since initial recognition, then impairment is
            measured as lifetime ECL.

            For trade receivables, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by HKFRS 9, which
            requires ECL to be recognised from initial recognition of the receivables. See note 3.1(iii) for further
            details.

            Definition of default
            The Group considers the following as constituting an event of default for internal credit risk
            management purposes as historical experience indicates that the Group may not receive the
            outstanding contractual amounts in full if the financial instrument that meets any of the following
            criteria.

            (i)    information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor
                   is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any
                   collaterals held by the Group); or

            (ii)   there is a breach of financial covenants by the counterparty.

            Irrespective of the above analysis, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial
            asset is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to
            demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

            Assessment of significant increase in credit risk
            In assessing whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial
            recognition, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at
            the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of
            initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative
            information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking
            information that is available without undue cost or effort. In particular, the following information is
            taken into account in the assessment:

            •      the debtor’s failure to make payments of principal or interest on the due dates;

            •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external or internal
                   credit rating (if available);

            •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor; and

            •      actual or expected changes in the technological, market, economic or legal environment that
                   have or may have a significant adverse effect on the debtor’s ability to meet its obligation to
                   the Group.

            Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk on a
            financial instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments
            are more than 30 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that
            demonstrates otherwise.

            Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a financial instrument has
            not increased significantly since initial recognition if the financial instrument is determined to have
            low credit risk at the reporting date.
42   Perennial International Limited

     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     2. Basis of Preparation and Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
          2.11 Financial assets (Continued)
                (iv) Impairment (Continued)
                     Credit-impaired financial asset
                     At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether a financial asset is credit-impaired. A financial
                     asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated
                     future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit-
                     impaired include observable data about the following events:

                      (a)   significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower.

                      (b)   a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event.

                      (c)   the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s
                            financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not
                            otherwise consider.

                      (d)   it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation.

                      (e)   the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties.

                      (f)   the purchase or origination of a financial asset at a deep discount that reflects the incurred
                            credit losses.

          2.12 Offsetting financial instruments
                Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the consolidated statement
                of financial position where the Group currently has a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised
                amounts, and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or realise the asset and settle the liability
                simultaneously. The Group has also entered into arrangements that do not meet the criteria for offsetting
                but still allow for the related amounts to be set off in certain circumstances, such as bankruptcy or the
                termination of a contract.

          2.13 Derivative financial instruments
                Derivative financial instrument is recognised at fair value. At the end of each reporting period the fair value
                is remeasured. The gain or loss on remeasurement to fair value is recognised immediately in profit or loss
                within other operating expenses, net in the period in which they arise, unless the derivative is designated
                and effective as a hedging instrument, in which event the timing of the recognition in profit or loss
                depends on the nature of the hedge relationship. A derivative with a positive fair value is recognised as a
                financial asset whereas a derivative with a negative fair value is recognised as a financial liability. Assets
                and liabilities are classified as current if expected to be settled within 12 months; otherwise, they are
                classified as non-current.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025    43
                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2. Basis of Preparation and Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
   2.14 Inventories
       Inventories are assets which are held for sale in the ordinary course of business, in the process of
       production for such sale or in the form of materials or supplies to be consumed in the production process
       or in the rendering of services.

       Inventories are carried at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs are assigned to individual items
       on the first-in, first-out basis and are arrived at as follows:

       (i)     Raw materials purchased for use in the manufacturing process – invoiced price and shipping cost.

       (ii)    Work in progress and finished manufactured goods – costs of direct materials, direct labour and an
               appropriate proportion of production overheads.

       (iii)   Finished goods purchased for resale – invoiced price and shipping cost.

       Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less applicable variable
       selling expenses.

       When inventories are sold, the carrying amount of those inventories is recognised as an expense in the
       period in which the related revenue is recognised.

       The amount of any write-down of inventories to net realisable value and all losses of inventories are
       recognised as an expense in the period the write-down or loss occurs. The amount of any reversal of
       any write-down of inventories is recognised as a reduction in the amount of inventories recognised as an
       expense in the period in which the reversal occurs.

   2.15 Trade and other receivables
       Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for merchandise sold in the ordinary course of
       business. If collection of trade and other receivables is expected in one year or less (or in the normal
       operating cycle of the business if longer), they are classified as current assets. If not, they are presented
       as non-current assets.

       A receivable is recognised when the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration. A right
       to receive consideration is unconditional if only the passage of time is required before payment of that
       consideration is due.

       Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component are initially measured at their
       transaction prices. Trade receivables that contain a significant financing component and other receivables
       are initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs. The Group holds the trade receivables with the
       objective to collect the contractual cash flows and therefore measure them subsequently at amortised
       cost using effective interest method. See note 18 for further information about the Group’s accounting for
       trade receivables and note 2.11(iv) for a description of the Group’s impairment policies.
44   Perennial International Limited

     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     2. Basis of Preparation and Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
          2.16 Cash and cash equivalents
                Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand, demand deposits with banks and other
                financial institutions, and short-term, highly liquid investments readily convertible into known amounts of
                cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.

          2.17 Share capital
                Ordinary shares are classified as equity.

          2.18 Trade and other payables
                Trade payables are obligations to pay for goods or services that have been acquired in the ordinary course
                of business from suppliers. Trade and other payables are classified as current liabilities if payment is
                due within one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle of the business if longer). If not, they are
                presented as non-current liabilities.

                Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition, trade and
                other payables are stated at amortised cost unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which
                case they are stated at invoice amounts.

          2.19 Employee benefits
                (i)    Employee leave entitlements
                       Employee entitlements to annual leave and long service leave are recognised when they accrue to
                       employees. A provision is made for the estimated liability for annual leave and long service leave as
                       a result of services rendered by employees up to the end of the reporting period.

                       Employee entitlements to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time of leave.

                (ii)   Bonus plans
                       The expected cost of bonus payment is recognised as a liability and an expense when the Group has
                       a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of services rendered by employees and a reliable
                       estimate of the obligation can be made. Liabilities for bonus plan are expected to be settled within
                       twelve months and are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when they are settled.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025    45
                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2. Basis of Preparation and Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
   2.19 Employee benefits (Continued)
       (iii) Retirement benefit costs
             The Group operates several defined contribution schemes.

             A defined contribution plan is a pension plan under which the Group pays fixed contributions into a
             separate entity. The Group has no legal or constructive obligations to pay further contributions if the
             fund does not hold sufficient assets to pay all employees the benefits relating to employee service in
             the current and prior periods.

             For Hong Kong employees, the Group operates a defined contribution Mandatory Provident Fund
             retirement benefit scheme (the “MPF Scheme”) under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes
             Ordinance in Hong Kong. Contributions are made based on a percentage of the employees’ basic
             salaries and are charged to the statement of profit or loss as they become payable in accordance
             with the rules of the MPF Scheme. The assets of the MPF Scheme are held separately from those
             of the Group in an independently administered fund. The Group’s employer contributions vest fully
             with the employees when contributed into the MPF Scheme.

             Hong Kong employees that have been employed continuously for at least five years are entitled
             to long service payments in accordance with the Hong Kong Employment Ordinance under certain
             circumstances. These circumstances include where an employee is dismissed for reasons other
             than serious misconduct or redundancy, that employee resigns at the age of 65 or above, or the
             employment contract is of fixed term and expires without renewal. The amount of Long Service
             Payment (”LSP”) payable is determined with reference to the employee’s final salary (capped
             at HK$22,500) and the years of service, reduced by the amount of any accrued benefits derived
             from the Group’s contributions to MPF scheme, with an overall cap of HK$390,000 per employee.
             Currently, the Group does not have any separate funding arrangement in place to meet its LSP
             obligation.

             In June 2022, the Government gazetted the Amendment Ordinance, which will eventually abolish the
             statutory right of an employer to reduce its LSP payable to a Hong Kong employee by drawing on its
             mandatory contributions to the MPF scheme. The Government has subsequently announced that the
             Amendment Ordinance will come into effect from the Transition Date i.e. 1 May 2025. Separately,
             the Government has also introduced a subsidy scheme to assist employers after the abolition.

             Among other things, once the abolition of the offsetting mechanism takes effect, an employer can
             no longer use any of the accrued benefits derived from its mandatory MPF contributions (irrespective
             of the contributions made before, on or after the Transition Date) to reduce the LSP in respect
             of an employee’s service from the Transition Date. However, where an employee’s employment
             commenced before the Transition Date, the employer can continue to use the above accrued
             benefits to reduce the LSP in respect of the employee’s service up to that date; in addition, the
             LSP in respect of the service before the Transition Date will be calculated based on the employee’s
             monthly salary immediately before the Transition Date and the years of service up to that date.

             For employees in the PRC and Vietnam, the Group contributes to a defined contribution retirement
             scheme managed by the local municipal government in the PRC and Vietnam. The Group’s
             contributions to the retirement scheme are expensed as incurred while the local municipal
             government in the PRC and Vietnam undertakes to assume that the retirement benefit obligations of
             the qualified employees in the PRC and Vietnam.

       (iv) Long service payments
            For Hong Kong employees, the Group’s net obligation in respect of LSP under the Employment
            Ordinance (the “EO”) is the amounts of future benefit that employees have earned in return for their
            services in the current and prior periods. The obligation is calculated using the projected unit credit
            method and discounted to its present value and after deducting the fair value of any related assets,
            including those retirement scheme benefits.

       (v)   Severance payments
             For employees in the PRC, the Group’s net obligation in respect of severance payments in
             accordance with relevant labour laws in the PRC is the amounts that eligible employees have earned
             in return for their services in the current and prior periods.
46   Perennial International Limited

     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     2. Basis of Preparation and Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
          2.20 Taxation
                The income tax expense or credit for the period is the tax payable on the current period’s taxable income
                based on the applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets
                and liabilities attributable to temporary differences and to unused tax losses.

                (a)   Current income tax
                      The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively
                      enacted at the end of the reporting period in the countries where the Company and its subsidiaries
                      operate and generate taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax
                      returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation and
                      considers whether it is probable that a taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment. The
                      Group measures its tax balances either based on the most likely amount or the expected value,
                      depending on which method provides a better prediction of the resolution of the uncertainty.

                (b)   Deferred income tax
                      Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising
                      between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated
                      financial statements. However, deferred income tax is not accounted for if it arises from initial
                      recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at the time
                      of the transaction affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal
                      taxable and deductible temporary differences. Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates
                      (and laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of reporting period and are
                      expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realised or the deferred income tax
                      liability is settled.

                      The deferred tax liability in relation to investment property that is measured at fair value is
                      determined assuming the property will be recovered entirely through sale.

                      Deferred tax assets are recognised only if it is probable that future taxable amounts will be available
                      to utilise those temporary differences and losses.

                      Deferred tax liabilities and assets are not recognised for temporary differences between the carrying
                      amount and tax bases of investments in foreign operations where the company is able to control
                      the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the differences will not
                      reverse in the foreseeable future.

                      Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset
                      current tax assets and liabilities and where the deferred tax balances relate to the same taxation
                      authority. Current tax assets and tax liabilities are offset where the entity has a legally enforceable
                      right to offset and intend either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability
                      simultaneously.

                      Current and deferred tax is recognised in consolidated income statement except to the extent that it
                      relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.

          2.21 Provision
                Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past
                events, it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable
                estimate of the amount can be made. Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses.

                Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in
                settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised
                even if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations
                may be small.

                Provisions are measured at the present value of the management’s best estimate of the expenditures
                required to settle the obligation present at the end of the reporting period. The discount rate used to
                determine the present value is a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value
                of money and the risks specific to the liability. The increase in the provision due to passage of time is
                recognised as interest expense.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025    47
                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2. Basis of Preparation and Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
   2.22 Revenue recognition
       (i)    Sale of goods
              Revenue is recognised when control of the products has transferred to the customers at a point in
              time, being when the products are delivered to the customer, the customer has full discretion over
              the channel and price to sell the products, and there is no unfulfilled obligation that could affect the
              customer’s acceptance of the products. Delivery occurs when the products have been shipped to
              the specified location, the risks of obsolescence and loss have been transferred to the customer, and
              either the customer has accepted the products in accordance with the sales contract, the acceptance
              provisions have lapsed, or the Group has objective evidence that all criteria for acceptance have been
              satisfied. A receivable is recognised when the goods are delivered as this is the point in time that
              the consideration is unconditional because only the passage of time is required before the payment
              is due.

       (ii)   Interest income
              Interest income is recognised on a time proportion basis using the effective interest method.

       (iii) Operating lease rental income
             Operating lease rental income is recognised on a straight-line basis over the period of the lease.

       (iv) Dividend income
            Dividend income from financial assets is recognised when the Group’s rights to receive dividend is
            established, it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the
            Group and the amount of the dividend can be measured reliably.

   2.23 Government grants
       Grants from the government are recognised at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance
       that the grant will be received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions. When the grant
       relates to an expense item, it is recognised as income over the years necessary to match the grant on a
       systematic basis to the costs that it is intended to compensate.

3. Financial Risk Management
   3.1 Financial risk factors
       The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are market risk (including foreign exchange
       risk and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s overall risk management programme focuses
       on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group’s
       financial performance.

       Management regularly manages the financial risks of the Group.

       (i)    Foreign exchange risk
              The Group operates internationally and is exposed to currency risk primarily through sales and
              purchases which give rise to trade receivables and trade payables that are denominated in a foreign
              currency, i.e. a currency other than the functional currency of the operation to which the transactions
              relate. The currencies giving rise to this risk are primarily Renminbi (“RMB”), Vietnamese Dong
              (“VND”) and United States dollars (“USD”). To manage the foreign exchange risk arising from future
              commercial transactions and recognized assets and liabilities, the Group would consider to enter into
              foreign exchange forward contracts with external financial institutions when necessary.
48   Perennial International Limited

     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     3. Financial Risk Management (Continued)
          3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
                (i)   Foreign exchange risk (Continued)
                      (a) Exposure to currency risk
                           The following table details the Group’s exposure at the end of the reporting period to currency
                           risk arising from assets or liabilities denominated in a currency other than the functional
                           currency of the entity to which they relate. For presentation purposes, the amounts of the
                           exposure are shown in Hong Kong dollars, translated using the spot rate at the year end date.
                           Exposure resulting from the translation of the financial statements of foreign operations into
                           the Group’s presentation currency is excluded.

                                                                                      Exposure to foreign currencies (expressed in HK$)
                                                                                           2025                             2024
                                                                                        RMB             VND             RMB             VND
                                                                                     HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000

                              Trade and other receivables                                 5,814             87            24,157                14
                              Financial assets at fair value through profit or
                                 loss                                                     1,107              –                  –                –
                              Cash and cash equivalents                                   9,455        9,598               9,157           12,520
                              Trade and other payables                                   (10,267)      (4,422)            (6,773)         (10,164)



                              Net exposure arising from assets and liabilities            6,109        5,263              26,541            2,370

                      (b)   Sensitivity analysis
                            The following table indicates the impact on the Group’s profit after tax that would arise if
                            foreign exchange rates to which the Group has significant exposure at the end of the reporting
                            period had changed at that date, assuming all other risk variables remained constant. In
                            this respect, it is assumed that the pegged rate between HK$ and USD would be materially
                            unaffected by any changes in exchange rates of USD against other currencies.

                                                                                      2025                                    2024
                                                                             Increase/        Increase/               Increase/          Increase/
                                                                          (decrease) in    (decrease) in          (decrease) in      (decrease) in
                                                                                foreign           profit                foreign              profit
                                                                         exchange rate         after tax         exchange rate            after tax
                                                                               HK$’000          HK$’000                HK$’000            HK$’000

                              RMB                                                  5%               229                   5%                  995
                                                                                  (5%)              (229)                (5%)                 (995)
                              VND                                                  5%               250                   5%                  113
                                                                                  (5%)              (250)                (5%)                 (113)

                            The foreign exchange risk on financial assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other
                            than RMB, VND and USD are insignificant to the Group.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025    49
                                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




3. Financial Risk Management (Continued)
   3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
       (ii)   Price risk
              The Group is exposed to fluctuations in the market price of major raw materials such as copper rods
              and chemicals to make plastic resins and market price of investments in listed equity securities
              which are classified as financial assets at FVPL.

              (a)   Price risk from raw materials
                    The Group is able to pass certain realised p rice gains and losses on raw materials to certain
                    customers through price adjustments, which can mitigate the price risk. The Group has not
                    used any derivative instruments to hedge such economic exposures.

              (b)   Price risk from financial assets at FVPL
                    The directors of the Company manage the exposure by closely monitoring the portfolio of
                    these financial instruments. The fair value of these financial instruments will be affected either
                    positively or negatively, amongst others, by the changes in the closing market prices of the
                    relevant structured deposits (2024: listed equity securities).

                    Should the market price of the respective investments in financial assets at FVPL had been
                    10% higher/lower as at 31 December 2025, the impact of the profit for the year would have
                    been HK$111,000 (2024: HK$824,000) higher/lower, as a result of the changes in fair value of
                    investments in financial assets at FVPL.

       (iii) Credit risk
             Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in
             a financial loss to the Group. The Group’s credit risk exposure is primarily attributable to trade and
             bills receivables, other receivables, financial assets at FVPL and deposits placed with banks.

              Risk management
              Credit risk is managed on a group basis.

              For the financial assets at FVPL and deposits placed with banks and a financial institution, only
              independently rated parties with acceptable rating quality are accepted.

              Risk control assesses the credit quality of the customer, taking into account its financial position,
              past experience and other factors. Individual risk limits are set based on internal or external ratings in
              accordance with limits set by the Group. The compliance with credit limits by customers is regularly
              monitored by the Group.

              The Group has policies in place to ensure sales are made to customers with appropriate credit terms
              and the Group performs periodic credit check with reference to credit rating performed by external
              agents.

              At 31 December 2025, the Group had a concentration of credit risk as 46% (2024: 41%) and 89%
              (2024: 87%) of the total gross trade receivables was due from the Group’s largest debtor and the
              five largest debtors respectively.
50   Perennial International Limited

     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     3. Financial Risk Management (Continued)
          3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
                (iii) Credit risk (Continued)
                      Risk management (Continued)
                      The Group has four types of financial assets that are subject to the expected credit loss model:

                      •        Bills receivables

                      •        Cash at banks

                      •        Trade receivables

                      •        Other financial assets at amortised cost

                      Cash at banks and bills receivables
                      As at 31 December 2025, bank deposits are mainly deposited with reputable banks in the PRC,
                      Vietnam, Hong Kong and the United States of America (the “America”) and bills receivables are
                      issued by a reputable bank in the PRC. The credit quality of cash at banks and bills receivables has
                      been assessed by reference to external credit ratings or to historical information about the default
                      rates of the counterparties. The existing counterparties do not have default in the past. Therefore,
                      the expected credit loss rates of cash at banks and bills receivables are assessed to be close to zero
                      and no provision was made as at 31 December 2025 and 2024.

                      Trade receivables
                      The Group applies a simplified approach in calculating ECL for trade receivables and recognises a
                      loss allowance based on lifetime ECL at each reporting date.

                      To measure the ECL, trade receivables have been grouped by invoice date and based on shared
                      credit risk characteristics.

                      The expected loss rates are based on the payment profiles of sales over a period of 12 months
                      before 31 December 2025 and the corresponding historical credit losses experienced within this
                      period. The historical loss rates are adjusted to reflect current and forward-looking information on
                      macroeconomic factors affecting the ability of the customers to settle the receivables.

                      On that basis, the loss allowance of trade receivables as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 was
                      determined as follows:

                                                                                                 By invoice date
                                                                                                               Over
                                                                                0-3 months   4-6 months    6 months        Total

                          31 December 2025
                          Credit-impaired                                               No           No              No
                          Expected loss rate                                           1%           5%             90%
                          Gross carrying amount – trade receivables (HK$’000)       63,959       21,580             363   85,902
                          Loss allowance (HK$’000)                                     650        1,079             327    2,056

                          31 December 2024
                          Credit-impaired                                               No           No              No
                          Expected loss rate                                           0%           0%             82%
                          Gross carrying amount – trade receivables (HK$’000)       67,663       11,687             420   79,770
                          Loss allowance (HK$’000)                                       –            –             345      345

                      The Group does not hold any collateral over trade receivables as at 31 December 2025 (2024: nil) .
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025   51
                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




3. Financial Risk Management (Continued)
   3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
       (iii) Credit risk (Continued)
             Trade receivables (Continued)
             As at 31 December 2025, the Group recognised loss allowance of HK$2,056,000 (2024: HK$345,000)
             on the trade receivables. The movement in the loss allowance for trade receivables is summarised
             below.

                                                                                           2025               2024
                                                                                        HK$’000            HK$’000

              At beginning of year                                                           345               313
              Net increase in loss allowance recognised                                    1,712                34
              Exchange adjustment                                                             (1)               (2)

              At end of year                                                               2,056               345

            Impairment losses on trade receivables are presented as net impairment losses within operating
            profit. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited against the same line
            item.

            Other financial assets at amortised cost
            Other financial assets at amortised cost are considered to be low credit risk primarily because
            historically they had no history of default and the debtors had a strong capacity to meet its
            contractual cash flow obligations in the near term. Therefore, as at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the
            directors of the Company were of the opinion that no provision for loss allowance was necessary.

       (iv) Liquidity risk
            Prudent liquidity risk management implies maintaining sufficient cash and making available and
            adequate amount of committed credit facilities with staggered maturities to reduce refinancing risk in
            any year and to fund working capital, debt servicing, dividend payments, new investments and close
            out market positions if required. The Group maintains significant flexibility to respond to opportunities
            and events by ensuring that committed credit lines are available. As at 31 December 2025, the
            Group had available trade and loan finance facilities of HK$64,300,000 (2024: HK$72,300,000) of
            which none (2024: none) was utilised.

            The table below analyses the Group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on
            the remaining period at the end of the reporting period to the contractual maturity date. The amounts
            disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows. Balances due within 12 months
            equal their carrying balances as the impact of discounting is not significant.

                                                                              On demand or           Between 1 to
                                                                               within 1 year              2 years
                                                                                    HK$’000              HK$’000

              At 31 December 2025
              Trade payables                                                           19,704                     –
              Other payables                                                           13,475                     –

              At 31 December 2024
              Trade payables                                                           20,999                     –
              Other payables                                                            7,286                     –
              Lease liabilities                                                            47                     –
52   Perennial International Limited

     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     3. Financial Risk Management (Continued)
          3.2 Capital risk management
                The primary objective of the Group’s capital management is to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as
                a going concern, maintain a strong credit rating and a healthy capital ratio to support the business and to
                enhance shareholder value.

                The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic
                conditions and business strategies. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the
                dividend payments to shareholders, return capital to shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to
                reduce debts. The Group’s capital management objectives, policies or processes were unchanged during
                the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.

                Except for the compliance of certain financial covenants for maintaining the Group’s banking facilities and
                borrowings, the Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements. The Group complied
                with the financial covenants attached to banking facilities and borrowings as at 31 December 2025 and
                2024.

                The Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is calculated by dividing total
                borrowings to total equity.

                The gearing ratios at 31 December 2025 and 2024 were as follows:

                                                                                                   2025                  2024
                                                                                                HK$’000               HK$’000

                  Total borrowings                                                                     –                    –
                  Total equity                                                                   456,508              431,650

                  Gearing ratio                                                                       0%                   0%

          3.3 Fair value estimation
                The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial assets and liabilities including cash and cash equivalents,
                trade and bills receivables, other receivables and deposits, financial assets at FVPL, trade payables,
                other payables and accruals and lease liabilities approximate to their fair values due to their short-term
                maturities. The fair value of financial liabilities for disclosure purposes is estimated by discounting the
                future contractual cash flows at the current market interest rate that is available to the Group for similar
                financial instruments, unless the discounting effect is insignificant.

                See note 16 for disclosure of the investment properties and note 19 for disclosure of the financial assets
                at FVPL that are measured at fair value and classified by level of the following fair value measurement
                hierarchy at 31 December 2025 and 2024:

                1)    Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1).

                2)    Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability,
                      either directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (Level 2).

                3)    Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is, unobservable
                      inputs) (Level 3).

                The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets is based on quoted market prices at the
                end of reporting date. The quoted market price used for financial assets and liabilities is the current bid
                price. These instruments are included in Level 1.

                The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined by using
                valuation techniques. These valuation techniques maximise the use of observable market data where it is
                available and rely as little as possible on entity specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair
                value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in Level 2.

                If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is included
                in Level 3.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025    53
                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




4. Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgements
   Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors,
   including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.

   The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will, by
   definition, seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of
   causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are
   discussed below.

   4.1 Income taxes
        The Group is subject to income taxes in several jurisdictions. Significant judgement is required in
        determining the worldwide provision for taxation. There are many transactions and calculations for which
        the ultimate tax determination is uncertain during the ordinary course of business. The Group recognises
        liabilities for anticipated taxes based on estimates of whether additional taxes will be due. Where the final
        tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences
        will impact the current tax and deferred tax provisions in the period in which such determination is made.

   4.2 Estimated fair value of investment properties
        The fair value of investment properties is determined at the end of each reporting period by independent
        professional qualified valuer. The fair values of investment properties in Hong Kong and the PRC are
        determined on the combination of income and market approach and market approach respectively. Details
        of the key assumption and inputs used in estimating the fair value of investment properties are set out in
        note 16(f) to the consolidated financial statements.

   4.3 Loss allowance for ECL
        The Group makes loss allowance for ECL of trade receivables based on assumptions about risk of default
        and expected loss rate. The Group uses judgement in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs
        to the impairment calculation, based on the Group’s past history, existing market conditions as well as
        forward looking estimates at the end of each reporting period. Details of key assumption and inputs used
        in estimating ECL are set out in note 3.1(iii) to the consolidated financial statements.

   4.4 Allowance for inventories
        Significant judgement is exercised in the assessment of the net realisable value of its inventory, which
        is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less estimated costs of completion and
        selling expenses. In making its judgement, management considers a wide range of factors such as the
        age of the inventory items and the assessment of the results of the subsequent sales performance of the
        items. Management reassesses the provision at the end of the reporting period.

   4.5 Estimated useful lives of property, plant and equipment
        The Group’s management determines the estimated useful lives and related depreciation charges for its
        property, plant and equipment. This estimate is based on the historical experience of the actual useful
        lives of the property, plant and equipment of similar nature and functions. It could change significantly as
        a result of technical innovations. Management will increase the depreciation charge where useful lives are
        less than previously estimated lives, or it will write off or write down technically obsolete or non-strategic
        assets that have been abandoned or sold.

   4.6 Impairment of the land and buildings
        In determining whether the land and buildings are impaired or the event previously causing the impairment
        no longer exists, the directors have to assess whether an event has occurred that may affect the land and
        buildings’ value or such event affecting the land and buildings’ value has not been in existence. If any such
        indication exists, the recoverable amounts of the land and buildings would be determined by reference to
        value in use and fair value less costs of disposal. Value in use is determined using the discounted cash
        flow method. Owing to inherent risk associated with estimations in the timing and magnitude of the
        future cash flows and fair value less costs of disposal, the estimated recoverable amount of the asset
        may be different from its actual recoverable amount and profit or loss could be affected by accuracy of the
        estimations.
54   Perennial International Limited

     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     5. Revenue and Segment Information
          The Group is principally engaged in the manufacturing and trading of electric cable and wire products. Revenue
          recognised during the year is as follows:

                                                                                             2025                2024
                                                                                          HK$’000             HK$’000

              Sale of goods – based on fixed price and recognised at a point in time       395,740            328,578

          The Chief Executive Officer (the chief operation decision maker (“CODM”) has reviewed the Group’s internal
          reporting and determines that there are six reportable segments, based on location of customers under the
          electric cable and wire products business, including Hong Kong, the PRC, America, Vietnam, Japan and other
          countries. These segments are managed separately as each segment is subject to risks and returns that are
          different from others.

          The segment information for the reportable segments for 2025 and 2024 is as follows:

                                                                        Segment            Capital
                                                      Revenue             results      expenditure       Depreciation
                                                         2025               2025             2025               2025
                                                      HK$’000            HK$’000          HK$’000            HK$’000

              Hong Kong                                 17,871              6,517              954               1,551
              The PRC                                   32,236                642              253               2,969
              America                                  311,392             32,715                1                   2
              Vietnam                                   20,232              3,213            1,149               3,862
              Japan                                     12,746              1,820                –                   –
              Other countries                            1,263                182                –                   –

              Reportable segment                       395,740             45,089            2,357               8,384

              Unallocated costs                                            (3,418)*

              Operating profit                                             41,671

                                                                         Segment           Capital
                                                       Revenue             results     expenditure        Depreciation
                                                          2024               2024            2024                2024
                                                       HK$’000           HK$’000          HK$’000            HK$’000

              Hong Kong                                 21,980              5,843            1,214               1,833
              The PRC                                   40,055              2,614              627               3,336
              America                                  236,405             20,077                –                   3
              Vietnam                                      134                 25            3,462               3,810
              Japan                                     27,275              3,697                –                   –
              Other countries                            2,729                345                –                   –

              Reportable segment                       328,578             32,601            5,303               8,982

              Unallocated costs                                            (2,997)*

              Operating profit                                             29,604

          *       Unallocated costs represent corporate expenses.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2025   55
                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




5. Revenue and Segment Information (Continued)
   Revenue of HK$268,909,000 (2024: HK$207,343,000) are derived from two (2024: two) major customers
   contributing 10% or more of the total revenue. These revenues are attributable to the America segment (2024:
   America segment) .

                                                                                     2025                2024
                                                                                  HK$’000             HK$’000

    Customer A                                                                     187,083            123,441
    Customer B                                                                      81,826             83,902

                                                                                   268,909            207,343

   The non-current assets by geographic region are as follows:

                                                                                     2025                2024
                                                                                  HK$’000             HK$’000

    Hong Kong                                                                       60,237              62,714
    The PRC                                                                         69,161              80,018
    America                                                                              8                   9
    Vietnam                                                                         60,360              64,728

                                                                                   189,766            207,469

   The above analysis of non-current assets is based on the locations of the non-current assets and exclude
   deferred tax assets.

6. Other Income
                                                                                     2025                2024
                                                                                  HK$’000             HK$’000

    Scrap sales                                                                      2,068               2,986
    Interest income                                                                  1,351               1,053
    Dividend income from financial assets at FVPL                                        5                 231
    Net gain arising from changes in fair value of financial assets at FVPL          2,986               1,392
    Rental income from investment properties                                         1,769               2,696
    Government subsidies                                                                35                 474
    Freight costs recharged to customers                                               468               2,213
    Sundry income                                                                      873               1,928

                                                                                     9,555              12,973


7. Other Operating Expenses, Net
                                                                                     2025                2024
                                                                                  HK$’000             HK$’000

    Loss on revaluation of investment properties (note 16)                          10,778               8,076
    Charitable donations                                                             2,504               1,990
    Net loss on derivative financial instruments                                         –                 150
    Net exchange loss/(gain)                                                         2,381              (1,884)
    Loss on disposal/write-off of property, plant and equipment                        233                 303
    Other expenses                                                                     875               1,333

                                                                                    16,771               9,968
56   Perennial International Limited

     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     8. Operating Profit
          This is stated after charging:

                                                                                                 2025                 2024
                                                                                              HK$’000              HK$’000

            Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (note 15)                              8,384                8,982
            Auditor’s remuneration
            – Audit services                                                                      655                   948
            – Non-audit services                                                                   55                   222
            Cost of inventories (note 17)                                                     275,567               231,865
            Lease payments for short-term and low-value leases (note 15(b)(ii))                   381                    28
            Direct expenses for investment properties                                             341                   254
            Provision for inventories (included in cost of inventories) (note 17)               8,435                 3,791
            Staff costs (including directors’emoluments) (note 13)                             99,808                94,590


     9. Finance Costs
                                                                                                 2025                 2024
                                                                                              HK$’000              HK$’000
            Interest on lease liabilities                                                            –                     8

                                                                                                     –                     8


     10. Taxation
          (a)   For the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, Hong Kong Profits Tax is calculated in accordance with
                the two-tiered profits tax regime. Under the two-tiered profits tax regime, the first HK$2 million of profits
                of qualifying corporations will be taxed at 8.25% (2024: 8.25%) , and profits above HK$2 million will be
                taxed at 16.5% (2024: 16.5%) .

                Taxation on overseas profits has been calculated on the estimated assessable profits for the year at the
                applicable rates of taxation prevailing in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates.

                US corporation is subject to two level of taxes. Corporation is taxed on its earnings, and when the
                corporate earnings are distributed to the shareholders as dividend, the shareholders need to pay tax on the
                dividend received. Corporate income tax is imposed at the federal and state level on all entities treated as
                corporation. The federal corporate tax rate is 21% (2024: 21%) while the state corporate tax rate is varied
                by states.

                The Enterprise Income Tax of the PRC is provided at 25% (2024: 25%) based on the assessable profits
                for the year less allowable tax losses brought forward, if applicable. Two (2024: Two) of the Group’s
                subsidiaries registered in the PRC are recognised as small and low profit enterprise which have been
                granted tax concession by the local tax bureau and are entitled to the PRC Enterprise Income Tax at
                concessionary rate of 5% (2024: 5%) of the estimated assessable profits for the year ended 31 December
                2025.

                The Vietnam subsidiary is subject to corporate income tax at a rate of 20% (2024: 20%) . In accordance
                with the applicable tax regulations, the subsidiary is subject to a lower tax rate of 10% for fifteen
                consecutive years, commencing from the first year of making revenue. In addition, the subsidiary is
                entitled to full exemption from corporate income tax for the first four years from the earlier of (i) the year
                when profit is generated for the first time or (ii) the fourth year of making revenue; and a 50% reduction
                in corporate income tax for the next nine years, which is offered by the Vietnam government and is
                stipulated in the subsidiary’s investment license. Perennial Cable (Vietnam) Co., Ltd. was entitled to full
                exemption from corporate income tax during the financial years 2019 to 2023 and subjected to a lower
                tax rate of 10% and 50% reduction in corporate income tax for nine years starting from the financial year
                ended 31 December 2024.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025   57
                                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




10. Taxation (Continued)
   (a)   (Continued)
         The amount of taxation charged to the consolidated income statement represents:

                                                                                                    2025              2024
                                                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000

          Hong Kong Profits Tax                                                                    9,654              3,638
          Overseas taxation                                                                        4,104              2,323
          Under-provision in prior years                                                              87                472
          Deferred tax relating to the origination and reversal of temporary
           differences (note 10(b))                                                               (3,360)            (2,641)

                                                                                                  10,485              3,792

         The taxation on the Group’s profit before taxation differs from the theoretical amount that would arise
         using the profits tax rate of Hong Kong as follows:

                                                                                                    2025              2024
                                                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000

          Profit before taxation                                                                  41,671            29,596


          Calculated at a taxation rate of 16.5% (2024: 16.5%)                                     6,876              4,884
          Effect of different taxation rates                                                      (3,067)            (3,586)
          Income not subject to taxation                                                            (282)              (392)
          Expenses not deductible for taxation purposes                                            6,185              1,644
          Under-provision in prior years                                                              87                472
          Utilisation of previously unrecognised deferred tax assets                                (547)              (101)
          Tax losses for which no deferred tax assets were recognised                              1,233                871

          Total tax charge for the year                                                           10,485              3,792

   (b)   The movements of deferred tax (assets)/liabilities recognised in the consolidated statement of financial
         position are as follows:

                                                              Tax     Provision                   Revaluation
                                                      depreciation   and others    Tax losses         surplus         Total
                                                          HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000

          At 1 January 2025                                 7,511       (11,156)        (410)           1,151         (2,904)
          Credited to profit or loss                         (207)       (3,128)         (25)               –         (3,360)
          Exchange adjustment                                  20          (156)          (2)               –           (138)

          At 31 December 2025                               7,324       (14,440)        (437)           1,151         (6,402)


          At 1 January 2024                                 6,694        (6,849)       (1,405)              –         (1,560)
          Charged/(Credited) to profit or loss                870        (4,438)          927               –         (2,641)
          Tax charged to other comprehensive income             –             –             –           1,151          1,151
          Exchange adjustment                                 (53)          131            68               –            146

          At 31 December 2024                               7,511       (11,156)         (410)          1,151         (2,904)
58   Perennial International Limited

     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     10. Taxation (Continued)
          (b)   (Continued)
                Reconciliation to the consolidated statement of financial position is as follows:

                                                                                                       2025         2024
                                                                                                    HK$’000      HK$’000

                  Deferred tax assets                                                                14,542       11,010
                  Deferred tax liabilities                                                           (8,140)      (8,106)

                                                                                                      6,402        2,904

                Deferred tax assets are recognised for tax loss carry–forwards to the extent that the realisation of the
                related tax benefit through future taxable profits is probable. The Group did not recognise deferred tax
                assets of HK$3,029,000 (2024: HK$2,801,000) in respect of losses amounting to HK$12,117,000 (2024:
                HK12,032,000) that can be carried forward against future taxable income. As at 31 December 2025, tax
                losses for which no deferred tax assets were recognised amounting to HK$12,117,000 will expire in 5
                years (2024: HK$9,594,000 will expire in 5 years and the remaining HK$2,954,000 do not expire) .

                Deferred tax liabilities of HK$13,786,000 (2024: HK$10,035,000) have not been recognised for the
                withholding tax and other taxes that would be payable on the unremitted earnings of certain subsidiaries
                at 31 December 2025. In the opinion of the directors, these unremitted earnings, at the present time, are
                required for financing the continuing operations of these subsidiaries and no distribution would be made in
                the foreseeable future. Accordingly, no provisions for additional deferred taxation have been made.

     11. Earnings Per Share
          The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on the Group’s profit for the year of HK$31,186,000 (2024:
          HK$25,804,000) divided by the weighted average number of 198,958,000 (2024: 198,958,000) ordinary shares
          in issue during the year.

          During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, diluted earnings per share is the same as basic earnings
          per share due to the absence of dilutive potential ordinary shares during the reporting period.

     12. Dividends
          A final dividend in respect of 2024 of HK$0.03 (2023: nil) per ordinary share and an interim dividend in respect
          of year 2025 of HK$0.02 (2024: HK$0.02) per ordinary share, amounting to a total dividend of HK$9,948,000
          (2024: HK$3,926,000) was approved and paid during the year.

          A final dividend in respect of year 2025 of HK$0.04 per ordinary share, amounting to a total dividend of
          approximately HK$7,958,000 is to be proposed at the 2026 AGM. These consolidated financial statements do
          not reflect this dividend payable.

     13. Staff Costs (Including Directors’ Emoluments)
                                                                                                       2025         2024
                                                                                                    HK$’000      HK$’000

            Wages, salaries and fringe benefits                                                      78,382       88,518
            Social security costs                                                                    19,735        4,071
            Pension costs – contribution to MPF scheme                                                  400          413
            Others                                                                                    1,291        1,588

                                                                                                     99,808       94,590

          There is no mechanism for using forfeited contributions (by employers on behalf of employees who leave the
          pension plans prior to vesting fully in such contributions) to reduce the Group’s level of contributions to the
          defined contribution pension plans and no forfeited contributions were used to reduce the Group’s level of
          contributions for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2025   59
                                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




14. Benefits and Interests of Directors and Key Management
   (a) Directors’ emoluments
       Emoluments paid or receivable in respect of person’s services as a director or other services in connection
       with the management of the affairs, whether of the Company or its subsidiary undertaking are set out
       below:

                                                                                   Contributions
                                                                  Discretionary          to MPF           Other
         Name of directors                  Fees      Salaries         bonuses           scheme     benefits (iv)        Total
                                         HK$’000      HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000

         For the year ended 31
           December 2025
         MON Chung Hung (i)                   –          5,760            2,093                –           4.896         12,749
         KOO Di An, Louise (ii)               –          1,680              299                –             922          2,901
         MON Wai Ki, Vicky                    –            389               32               18             138            577
         MON Tiffany                          –          1,098              141               18             568          1,825
         MON Derek                            –            571               71               18             341          1,001
         CHAN Chun Yiu                        –            718               60               18               –            796
         LAU Chun Kay (iii)                 180              –                –                –               –            180
         LEE Chung Nai, Jones (iii)          84              –                –                –               –             84
         CHUNG Kit Ying (iii)               120              –                –                –               –            120

                                             384        10,216            2,696               72           6,865         20,233

                                                                                    Contributions
                                                                   Discretionary          to MPF          Other
         Name of directors                  Fees       Salaries        bonuses           scheme      benefits (iv)        Total
                                         HK$’000      HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000

         For the year ended 31
           December 2024
         MON Chung Hung (i)                   –          5,760            1,283                –           3,738         10,781
         KOO Di An, Louise (ii)               –          1,680              743                –           1,247          3,670
         MON Wai Ki, Vicky                    –            379               31               18             246            674
         MON Tiffany                          –          1,088              296               18             406          1,808
         MON Derek                            –            562               47               18             370            997
         CHAN Chun Yiu                        –            708               59               18               –            785
         LAU Chun Kay (iii)                 180              –                –                –               –            180
         LEE Chung Nai, Jones (iii)          84              –                –                –               –             84
         CHUNG Kit Ying (iii)               120              –                –                –               –            120

                                             384        10,177            2,459               72           6,007         19,099

       (i)     Chief Executive Officer

       (ii)    Non-executive director

       (iii)   Independent non-executive directors

       (iv)    Other benefits include commission, insurance premium and allowances.

       During the year, no emolument paid or receivable in respect of a person accepting office as a director
       (2024: nil) and no director waived any emoluments (2024: nil) or compensation for loss of office (2024: nil) .

   (b) Directors’ retirement benefits
       None of the directors received or will receive any retirement benefits during the year (2024: nil) .

   (c) Directors’ termination benefits
       None of the directors received or will receive any termination benefits during the year (2024: nil) .
60   Perennial International Limited

     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     14. Benefits and Interests of Directors and Key Management (Continued)
          (d) Consideration provided to third parties for making available directors’ services
                During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group did not pay consideration to any third parties for
                making available directors’ services (2024: nil) .

          (e) Information about loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of directors,
              controlled bodies corporate by and connected entities with such directors
                During the year ended 31 December 2025, there is no loans, quasi-loans and other dealing arrangements
                in favour of the directors, or controlled body corporates and connected entities of such directors (2024:
                nil) .

          (f)   Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts
                No significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Company’s business to which
                the Company was a party and in which a director of the Company had a material interest, whether directly
                or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year (2024: nil) .

          (g) Five highest paid individuals
                In 2025, the five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in the Group included four (2024: four)
                directors whose emoluments are reflected in the analysis presented above. The emoluments payable to
                the remaining one (2024: one) non-director individual during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                 2025             2024
                                                                                              HK$’000          HK$’000

                  Basic salaries, other allowances and benefits in kind                          1,067            1,296
                  Discretionary bonuses                                                             89              603
                  Pension costs – contributions to MPF scheme                                       15               18

                                                                                                 1,171            1,917

                The emoluments fell within the following bands:

                                                                                           Number of         Number of
                                                                                           individuals       individuals
                                                                                                  2025             2024

                  Nil – HK$1,000,000                                                                 –                –
                  HK$1,000,001 – HK$1,500,000                                                        1                –
                  HK$1,500,001 – HK$2,000,000                                                        –                1

          (h) Key management compensation
                Key management includes all directors presented above and five (2024: three) senior management. The
                compensation paid or payable to key management for employee services is shown below:

                                                                                                 2025             2024
                                                                                              HK$’000          HK$’000

                  Basic salaries, other allowances and benefits in kind                        20,510            19,359
                  Discretionary bonuses                                                         2,936             3,155
                  Pension costs – contributions to MPF scheme                                     114               108

                                                                                               23,560            22,622

                The emoluments of senior management (excluding directors) are within the following bands:

                                                                                           Number of         Number of
                                                                                           individuals       individuals
                                                                                                  2025             2024

                  Nil – HK$1,000,000                                                                 4                2
                  HK$1,000,001 – HK$1,500,000                                                        1                –
                  HK$1,500,001 – HK$2,000,000                                                        –                1
                                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025       61
                                                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




15. Property, Plant and Equipment
                                         Right-of-use                 Leasehold    Plant and       Furniture          Office     Motor      Pleasure
                                               assets    Buildings improvements    machinery     and fixtures    equipment     vehicles        boats       Total
                                             (note a)
                                             HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000    HK$’000

    Net book value at 1 January 2025          23,367       79,814         2,200       12,227             213          1,471      2,432         2,150     123,874
    Addition                                       –           54            53        1,372               –             87        786             –       2,352
    Disposals/write-off                            –            –             –          (11)              –             (1)      (483)            –        (495)
    Depreciation                                (964)      (2,915)         (445)      (2,868)            (43)          (363)      (570)         (216)     (8,384)
    Exchange adjustment                          (96)      (1,161)          (51)          26               –             18          6             –      (1,258)

    Net book value at 31 December 2025        22,307       75,792         1,757       10,746             170          1,212      2,171         1,934     116,089

    At 31 December 2025
    At cost                                    40,643     123,464        17,546        92,269           4,710        14,536       4,111       14,429     311,708
    Accumulated depreciation                  (18,336)    (47,672)      (15,789)      (81,523)         (4,540)      (13,324)     (1,940)     (12,495)   (195,619)

    Net book value                            22,307       75,792         1,757       10,746             170          1,212      2,171         1,934     116,089

                                         Right-of-use                 Leasehold     Plant and      Furniture         Office      Motor      Pleasure
                                               assets    Buildings improvements    machinery     and fixtures    equipment     vehicles        boats       Total
                                             (note a)
                                            HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000

    Net book value at 1 January 2024          26,899      86,703         2,833        11,728             266          1,884      1,776         2,330    134,419
    Addition                                       –           –            59         4,070               –             55      1,305             –      5,489
    Disposals/write-off                            –           –             –          (238)              –            (13)      (172)            –       (423)
    Depreciation                              (1,351)     (3,000)         (554)       (2,937)            (53)          (437)      (470)         (180)    (8,982)
    Transfer to investment properties
      (note e)                                (1,709)      (9,991)            –            –                –             –           –            –     (11,700)
    Revaluation surplus                            –        9,090             –            –                –             –           –            –       9,090
    Exchange adjustment                         (472)      (2,988)         (138)        (396)               –           (18)         (7)           –      (4,019)

    Net book value at 31 December 2024        23,367      79,814         2,200        12,227             213          1,471      2,432         2,150    123,874

    At 31 December 2024
    At cost                                   41,584     124,676         17,487       90,098           4,648         14,298      5,996        14,429     313,216
    Accumulated depreciation                 (18,217)    (44,862)       (15,287)     (77,871)         (4,435)       (12,827)    (3,564)      (12,279)   (189,342)

    Net book value                            23,367      79,814         2,200        12,227             213          1,471      2,432         2,150    123,874
62   Perennial International Limited

     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     15. Property, Plant and Equipment (Continued)
          (a) Right-of-use assets

                                                               Leasehold        Land use         Leased
                                                                  land in        rights in   property in
                                                              Hong Kong         overseas     Hong Kong       Total
                                                                 HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000    HK$’000

                  Net book value at 1 January 2025                     8,732      14,526            109     23,367
                  Depreciation                                          (388)       (467)          (109)      (964)
                  Exchange adjustment                                      –         (96)             –        (96)

                  Net book value at 31 December 2025                   8,344      13,963              –     22,307

                  At 31 December 2025
                  At cost                                             18,336      22,307              –     40,643
                  Accumulated depreciation                            (9,992)     (8,344)             –    (18,336)

                  Net book value                                       8,344      13,963              –     22,307

                                                                   Leasehold    Land use        Leased
                                                                      land in    rights in   property in
                                                                  Hong Kong     overseas     Hong Kong        Total
                                                                    HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000

                  Net book value at 1 January 2024                    10,885      15,471            543     26,899
                  Depreciation                                          (444)       (473)          (434)    (1,351)
                  Transfer to investment properties                   (1,709)          –              –     (1,709)
                  Exchange adjustment                                      –        (472)             –       (472)

                  Net book value at 31 December 2024                   8,732      14,526            109     23,367

                  At 31 December 2024
                  At cost                                             18,336      22,379            869      41,584
                  Accumulated depreciation                            (9,604)     (7,853)          (760)    (18,217)

                  Net book value                                       8,732      14,526            109     23,367
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025   63
                                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




15. Property, Plant and Equipment (Continued)
   (b) Leases
        This note provides information for leases where the Group is a lessee.

        (i)    Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position

               The consolidated statement of financial position shows the following amounts relating to leases:

                                                                                            2025               2024
                                                                                         HK$’000            HK$’000

                Right-of-use assets
                  – Leasehold land in Hong Kong                                            8,344               8,732
                  – Land use rights in overseas                                           13,963              14,526
                  – Leased property in Hong Kong                                               –                 109

                                                                                          22,307              23,367

                Lease liabilities
                  – Current                                                                     –                 47

                                                                                                –                 47

        (ii)   Amounts recognised in the consolidated income statement

               The consolidated income statement shows the following amounts relating to leases:

                                                                                            2025               2024
                                                                                         HK$’000            HK$’000

                Depreciation of right-of-use assets
                  – Leasehold land in Hong Kong                                              388                 444
                  – Land use rights in overseas                                              467                 473
                  – Leased property in Hong Kong                                             109                 434

                                                                                             964               1,351

                  Interest expenses (included in finance costs)                                 –                  8

                  Expenses relating to short-term leases and low-value leases
                    (included in administrative expenses)                                    381                  28

               The total cash payments for leases during the year ended 31 December 2025 was HK$428,000
               (2024: HK$490,000) .

   (c) At 31 December 2025 and 2024, no property, plant and equipment was pledged as security for the
        Group’s banking facilities.

   (d) Included in the total depreciation expenses, amounting to HK$6,468,000 (2024: HK6,723,000) and
        HK$1,916,000 (2024: HK2,259,000) were charged to cost of sales and administrative expenses,
        respectively.

   (e) During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group has entered into a lease arrangement for renting
        an unit of the office premise located in Concordia Plaza, No. 1 Science Museum Road, Hong Kong, (the
        “Property”) to a third party. The Group has engaged an independent professional qualified valuer, Ravia
        Global Appraisal Advisory Limited (“Ravia”), to determine the fair value of the Property at the date of
        change in use. In view of the fair value of the Property was higher than its carrying amount at the date of
        change, a revaluation surplus of HK$9,090,000 was recognised and respective buildings and right-of use
        assets of HK$9,991,000 and HK$1,709,000 respectively were transferred to investment properties at the
        date of change. The valuation of the Property at the date of change was determined using the income
        approach. The most significant input used in this valuation approach was sales price which is ranging from
        HK$7,171 to HK$15,000 per square foot.
64   Perennial International Limited

     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     16. Investment Properties
                                                                                                   2025              2024
                                                                                                HK$’000           HK$’000

            At fair value
            At 1 January                                                                           83,391           80,644
            Transfer from property, plant and equipment                                                 –           11,700
            Revaluation loss (included in other operating expenses, note 7)                       (10,778)          (8,076)
            Exchange adjustment                                                                       855             (877)

            At 31 December                                                                        73,468            83,391

          (a)   The details of (i) rental income, (ii) direct operating expenses for the investment properties and (iii)
                minimum rental payments receivables on lease of investment properties are set out in notes 6, 8 and
                25(b) to the consolidated financial statements respectively.

          (b)   As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, no investment property was pledged as security for the Group’s
                banking facilities.

          (c)   As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group has no unprovided contractual obligations for future repairs
                and maintenance.

          (d)   The Group’s investment properties are held within a business model whose objective is to consume
                substantially all of the economic benefits embodied in the investment properties through sale. The Group
                has measured the deferred tax relating to the temporary differences of these investment properties
                using the tax rate and the tax bases that are consistent with the expected manner of recovery of these
                investment properties.

          (e)   The Group’s investment properties are held under long lease. As at 31 December 2025, their locations and
                existing use are as follows:

                  Location                                                                     Existing Use by lessee

                  Units 2002-03, Concordia Plaza, 1 Science Museum Road, Hong Kong             Office

                  Unit 1B and CP#P3 on G/F, Hing Yip Centre, 31 Hing Yip Street, Hong Kong Office and car-parking space

                  Lot Nos 03–07, Hu Die Ling Industrial Park, Heyuan city, the PRC             Vacant

          (f)   The following table analyses the investment properties carried at fair value, by valuation techniques.

                                                                                  Fair value measurements at
                                                                                        31 December 2025
                  Description                                                   Level 1         Level 2       Level 3
                                                                               HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000

                  Recurring fair value measurement
                    – Investment properties                                           –                 –           73,468

                                                                                   Fair value measurements at
                                                                                        31 December 2024
                  Description                                                   Level 1         Level 2        Level 3
                                                                               HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000

                  Recurring fair value measurement
                    – Investment properties                                           –                 –           83,391
                                                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025               65
                                                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




16. Investment Properties (Continued)
   (f)   (Continued)

         The Group’s policy is to recognise transfer into and transfers out of fair value hierarchy levels as of the
         date of the event or change in circumstances that caused the transfers.

         Fair value hierarchy
         During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, there were no transfers between Level 1 and 2 fair
         value measurements and no transfers into and out of Level 3 fair value measurements.

         As one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the investment properties
         are included in Level 3 fair value measurement.

         Valuation processes of the Group
         The Group’s investment properties were valued at 31 December 2025 and 2024 by independent
         professional qualified valuer who holds recognised relevant professional qualifications and has recent
         experience in the locations and segments of the investment properties valued. For all investment
         properties, their current use equates to the highest and best use.

         The Group’s finance department considered and discussed the valuations performed by the independent
         professional qualified valuer for financial reporting purposes, including all key inputs to the valuations and
         property valuations movements as compared to the prior year.

         Quantitative information of the significant unobservable inputs and description
         of valuation techniques used in Level 3 fair value measurement
         The quantitative information of the significant unobservable input and description of valuation techniques
         used in Level 3 fair value measurement, including the description of the sensitivity to changes in
         unobservable inputs for recurring Level 3 fair value measurements, are as follows:

                             Fair value at               Valuation                                                             Relationship unobservable
          Description        31 December 2025            technique             Unobservable inputs                             inputs to fair value

          Land and buildings, HK$42,900,000 (2024:       Combination of       (1) Sales prices, range from HK$3,930            The higher the sales prices per square foot of
             Hong Kong          HK$44,300,000)              income and market        to HK$5,536 (2024: range                     comparable properties in close proximity, the
                                                            approach (2024:          from HK$3,563 to HK$4,091)                   higher the fair value (2024: the higher the sales
                                                           Combination of            per square foot of comparable               prices per square foot of comparable properties in
                                                           income and market         properties in close proximity               close proximity, the higher the fair value)
                                                           approach)

                                                                               (2) S a l e s p r i c e s , r a n g e f r o m
                                                                                      HK$10,486 to HK$18,916
                                                                                     (2024: range from HK$5,767 to
                                                                                     HK$13,963) per square foot of
                                                                                      comparable properties in close
                                                                                      proximity

          Land and buildings, HK$30,568,000              Market approach       Sales prices, range from RMB836 to              The higher the sales prices per square metre of
             the PRC             (2024: HK$39,091,000)     (2024: income          RMB1,134 (2024: unit rent range                 comparable properties in close proximity, the
                                                           approach)              from RMB5.9 to RMB6.9) per                      higher the fair value (2024: the higher the
                                                                                  square metre (note)                             prevailing market rent, the higher the fair value)

         Note: In previous financial years, the property was leased out and generated rental income. Accordingly, the Group
               adopted income approach to determine in fair value. However, as the property has become vacant and therefore
               market approach is considered to provide more representative basis for valuation.
66   Perennial International Limited

     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     17. Inventories
                                                                                                  2025              2024
                                                                                               HK$’000           HK$’000

            Raw materials                                                                        69,636           65,522
            Work in progress                                                                      4,829            8,101
            Finished goods                                                                       90,730           74,144

                                                                                                165,195          147,767
            Less: Provision for inventories                                                     (26,837)         (18,402)

                                                                                                138,358          129,365

          The overall cost of inventories recognised under the cost of sales during the year was HK$275,567,000
          (2024: HK$231,865,000) , in respect of which HK$8,435,000 (2024: HK$3,791,000) represents write down of
          inventories to net realisable value.

     18. Trade and Bills Receivables
                                                                                                  2025              2024
                                                                                               HK$’000           HK$’000

            Up to 3 months                                                                       63,959           67,663
            4–6 months                                                                           21,580           11,687
            Over 6 months                                                                           363              420

            Trade receivables, gross (note (a))                                                  85,902           79,770
            Less: Loss allowance                                                                 (2,056)            (345)

            Trade receivables, net                                                               83,846           79,425
            Bills receivables                                                                     1,064            1,478

                                                                                                 84,910           80,903

          (a)   At 31 December 2025 and 2024, the aging analysis of gross trade receivables is based on invoice date.

          (b)   Trade and bills receivables are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                                  2025              2024
                                                                                               HK$’000           HK$’000

                  HK$                                                                               548            3,639
                  RMB                                                                             5,653            5,635
                  US$                                                                            78,709           71,629

                                                                                                 84,910           80,903

          (c)   Information about the Group’s exposure to credit risks and loss allowance for trade receivables is included
                in note 3.1(iii) to the consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025   67
                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




19. Financial Assets at FVPL
                                                                                          2025               2024
                                                                                       HK$’000            HK$’000

    Mandatorily measured at FVPL
    Equity securities, listed in Hong Kong                                                    –              8,240
    Structured deposits in the PRC                                                        1,107                  –

   The structured deposits as at 31 December 2025 were placed in a PRC financial institution with a principal
   amount of RMB1,000,000 and original maturity of 3 months, and was bearing interests at 0.6% to 1.68% per
   annum depending on the change in exchange rate of United States Dollar against Canadian Dollar. The Directors
   considered that the fair value change of the structured deposits up to the end of the reporting period would
   not be material given that a short period of time (i.e. less than 1 month) after the purchase date, and in their
   opinion, the principal amount of the structured deposits would be a reasonable approximation of its fair value
   as at 31 December 2025. As significant inputs regarding the fair value measurement of the structured deposits,
   including the change in the fair value of the derivative element, are unobservable, the structured deposits are
   classified as under Level 3 fair value measurements. The structured deposits were subsequently matured and
   received on 16 March 2026 and the principal amount together with the accrued interests at the rate of 1.68%
   per annum, was received by the Group.

   Fair value hierarchy
   During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, there were no transfers between Level 1 and 2 fair value
   measurements and no transfers into and out of Level 3 fair value measurements.

   The movements during the year in the balances of structured deposits with fair value measurements under
   Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy are as follows:

                                                                                                          HK$’000

    At 1 January 2024, 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                                                       –
    Addition                                                                                                 1,107

    At 31 December 2025                                                                                      1,107

   As at 31 December 2024, the fair value of listed equity securities was determined by reference to the quoted
   market bid price available on the Stock Exchange and these financial instruments are included in Level 1 fair
   value measurement.
68   Perennial International Limited

     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     20. Cash and Cash Equivalents
                                                                                                 2025      2024
                                                                                              HK$’000   HK$’000

            Cash at banks and in hand                                                          45,447     38,591
            Short-term time deposits                                                           60,037     14,174

                                                                                              105,484     52,765

          The maximum exposure of the Group’s cash and cash equivalents to credit risk at the end of the reporting
          period is attributable to cash at banks (including time deposits) amounting to HK$105,358,000 (2024:
          HK$52,601,000) .

                                                                                                 2025      2024
                                                                                              HK$’000   HK$’000

            Denominated in:
             HK$                                                                               17,649      8,543
             RMB                                                                                9,455      9,157
             US$                                                                               68,686     22,476
             VND                                                                                9,598     12,520
             Other currencies                                                                      96         69

                                                                                              105,484     52,765

          Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates.

          Short-term time deposits are made between one month and three months depending on the immediate cash
          requirement of the Group, and earn interest at the prevailing short-term deposit rates.

          Included in the balance are cash deposited in banks including time deposits in the PRC and Vietnam of
          HK$9,159,000 and HK$13,445,000 (2024: HK$3,779,000 and HK$13,538,000) , respectively, which are
          denominated in RMB, VND and USD and are subject to the exchange control restrictions imposed by the PRC
          and Vietnam governments.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025    69
                                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




21. Share Capital
                                                                                          No. of shares             HK$’000

    Authorised
    At 1 January 2024 and 31 December 2024 and 2025,
      ordinary shares of HK$0.10 each                                                      500,000,000               50,000

    Issued and fully paid
    At 1 January 2024 and 31 December 2024 and 2025,
      ordinary shares of HK$0.10 each                                                      198,958,000               19,896


22. Trade and Other Payables
                                                                                                   2025                2024
                                                                                                HK$’000             HK$’000

    Trade payables (note (a))                                                                     19,704             20,999
    Other payables and accruals                                                                   16,970             14,918
    Provision for employee benefits (note (b))                                                    30,817             15,431

    Total (note (c))                                                                              67,491             51,348

   Notes:

   (a)   At 31 December 2025 and 2024, the ageing analysis of trade payables based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                                    2025               2024
                                                                                                 HK$’000            HK$’000

            Up to 3 months                                                                        19,369              20,478
            4 – 6 months                                                                             289                 133
            Over 6 months                                                                             46                 388

                                                                                                  19,704              20,999

   (b)   Provision for employee benefits

         The provision for employee benefits represents management’s best estimate of the Group’s net obligation in respect of
         LSP or severance payments and social security payments payable to the eligible employees in accordance with relevant
         labour laws in Hong Kong and the PRC.

   (c)   Trade and other payables are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                                    2025               2024
                                                                                                 HK$’000            HK$’000

            HK$                                                                                    9,460               9,405
            RMB                                                                                   42,265              26,919
            US$                                                                                   12,502              12,459
            Other currencies                                                                       3,264               2,565

                                                                                                  67,491              51,348
70   Perennial International Limited

     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     23. Financial Instruments by Category
          The accounting policies for financial instruments have been applied to the line items below:

                                                                                           At amortised cost   At FVPL
                                                                                                    HK$’000    HK$’000

              At 31 December 2025
              Assets as per consolidated statement of financial position
              Trade and bills receivables                                                            84,910          –
              Financial assets at FVPL                                                                    –      1,107
              Other receivables and deposits*                                                         4,414          –
              Cash and cash equivalents                                                             105,484          –

                                                                                                    194,808      1,107

              Liabilities as per consolidated statement of financial position
              Trade payables                                                                         19,704          –
              Other payables**                                                                        7,281          –

                                                                                                     26,985          –


              At 31 December 2024
              Assets as per consolidated statement of financial position
              Trade and bills receivables                                                            80,903          –
              Financial assets at FVPL                                                                    –      8,240
              Other receivables and deposits*                                                         1,037          –
              Cash and cash equivalents                                                              52,765          –

                                                                                                    134,705      8,240

              Liabilities as per consolidated statement of financial position
              Trade payables                                                                         20,999          –
              Other payables**                                                                        7,286          –
              Lease liabilities                                                                          47          –

                                                                                                     28,332          –

          *       excluded non-current deposits, prepayments and other tax receivables.

          **      excluded employee benefits payables, other tax payables and provision.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2025   71
                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




24. Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
   (a) Cash generated from operations

                                                                                       2025                2024
                                                                                    HK$’000             HK$’000

        Profit before taxation                                                       41,671              29,596
        Interest income                                                              (1,351)             (1,053)
        Interest expenses                                                                 –                   8
        Loss on disposal/write-off of property, plant and equipment                     233                 303
        Exchange difference                                                           2,381                 342
        Dividend income from financial assets at FVPL                                    (5)               (231)
        Net gain arising from changes in fair value of financial assets at FVPL      (2,986)             (1,392)
        Loss on revaluation of investment properties                                 10,778               8,076
        Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                 8,384               8,982
        Impairment loss on trade receivables                                          1,712                  34
        Provision for inventories                                                     8,435               3,791

        Operating profit before working capital changes                               69,252              48,456
         – Inventories                                                               (17,918)            (25,275)
         – Trade and other receivables                                                (5,607)            (12,990)
         – Derivative financial instruments                                                –                (410)
         – Trade and other payables                                                   16,143              16,878

        Cash generated from operations                                               61,870              26,659

   (b) Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                                                     Lease liabilities
                                                                                       2025               2024
                                                                                    HK$’000            HK$’000

        At 1 January                                                                      47                 501
        Net cash flows                                                                   (47)               (454)

        At 31 December                                                                     –                  47


25. Commitments
   (a) Capital commitments
       At 31 December 2025, the Group did not have any material capital commitments (2024: nil).

   (b) Commitments under operating lease as lessor
       At 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group had future aggregate minimum rental receivables under non-
       cancellable operating leases as follows:

                                                                                       2025                2024
                                                                                    HK$’000             HK$’000

        Year 1                                                                         1,680               1,730
        Year 2                                                                           847               1,689
        Year 3                                                                             –                 878

                                                                                       2,527               4,297
72   Perennial International Limited

     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     26. Financial Guarantees and Pledge
          At 31 December 2025, the Group had the following banking facilities, of which HK$64,300,000 (2024:
          HK$72,300,000) were secured by limited guarantees given by the Company and certain subsidiaries (2024: the
          Company and certain subsidiaries) .

                                                                                                                                  2025                  2024
                                                                                                                               HK$’000               HK$’000

            Trade and loan finance facilities                                                                                       64,300                72,300
            Forward exchange contract line                                                                                          46,704                93,192


     27. Ultimate Holding Company
          The Directors of the Company regard Spector Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the British Virgin
          Islands, as being the ultimate holding company and Mr. Mon Chung Hung as being the ultimate controlling
          party.

     28. Subsidiaries
          Details of the subsidiaries at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

                                                   Place of             Issued and fully paid
                                                   incorporation/       share capital/registered
          Name                                     establishment        capital/charter capital       Principal activities                     Interest
                                                                                                                                             2025           2024

          Shares held directly

          Perennial Holdings Global Limited        British Virgin Islands Ordinary US$1               Investment holding                     100%           100%

          Shares held indirectly

          Ever Peak Development Limited            Hong Kong            Ordinary HK$3                 Property holding                       100%           100%

          Glitter Wire & Cable Company Limited     Hong Kong            Ordinary HK$500               Investment holding                     100%           100%

                                                                        Non-voting Deferred
                                                                          HK$2,000,000

          New Technology Cable Limited             Hong Kong            Ordinary HK$1,000             License holding                        100%           100%

                                                                        Non-voting Deferred
                                                                          HK$10,000,000

           Perennial Cable (H.K.) Limited          Hong Kong            Ordinary HK$2,000,000         Trading of electric cables,            100%           100%
                                                                                                        wires, wire harness and
                                                                                                        accessories

           Perennial Cable Limited                 British Virgin Islands Ordinary US$1               Investment and property                100%           100%
                                                                                                         holding

           Perennial Cable (Shenzhen) Co., Limited # The PRC            Registered capital            Property holding                       100%           100%
             (“PCS”) (note (a))                                           HK$65,000,000

          Perennial Plastics (H.K.) Limited        Hong Kong            Ordinary HK$2                 Trading of plastic resins and          100%           100%
                                                                                                        compounds

          Perennial Cable (BVI) Limited            British Virgin Islands Ordinary US$50,000          Investment holding                     100%           100%

          New Technology Cable Pte. Limited        Singapore            Ordinary Singapore Dollar 2   License holding                        100%           100%
                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025   73
                                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




28. Subsidiaries (Continued)
                                            Place of         Issued and fully paid
                                            incorporation/   share capital/registered
   Name                                     establishment    capital/charter capital      Principal activities               Interest
                                                                                                                           2025         2024

   Shares held indirectly (Continued)
   Shinka K.K.                              Japan            Ordinary Japanese Yen        License holding                 100%          100%
                                                               10,000,000

   Perennial USA Inc. (note (b))            America          Ordinary US$1                Trading of electric cables,     100%          100%
                                                                                            wires, wire harness and
                                                                                            accessories

   Shenzhen Welldone Trading Co., Limited # The PRC          Registered capital           Trading of electric cables,     100%          100%
     (“HJD”) (note(a))                                         HK$1,000,000                 wires, wire harness and
                                                                                            accessories

   Shenzhen Perennial Plastics and Metal Co., The PRC        Registered capital           Manufacturing and sale of       100%          100%
     Limited # (“SPPM”) (note(a))                              HK$40,000,000               electric cables, wire, wire
                                                                                           harness and accessories

   Shenzhen Perennial Plastics Co., Limited # The PRC        Registered capital           Manufacturing and sale          100%          100%
     (“SPP”) (note(a))                                         HK$10,000,000               of plastic resins and
                                                                                           compounds

   Heyuan Perennial Plastics and Metal Co., The PRC          Registered capital           Property holding                100%          100%
     Limited # (“HPPM”) (note(a))                              RMB65,000,000

   Perennial Cable (Vietnam) Co., Limited   Vietnam          Charter capital US$8,000,000 Manufacturing and sale of       100%          100%
     (note(c))                                                                             electric cables, wires, wire
                                                                                           harness and accessories

   #       English translation for identification purpose only

   The legal form of all the above companies is limited liability company.

   Save as noted below, the above companies operate principally in Hong Kong instead of their respective places
   of incorporation/establishment, except for:

   (a)     PCS, HJD, SPPM, SPP and HPPM are in the PRC.

   (b)     Perennial USA Inc. is in America.

   (c)     Perennial Cable (Vietnam) Co., Limited is in Vietnam.
74   Perennial International Limited

     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     29. Statement of Financial Position and Reserve Movement of the Company
          Statement of Financial Position

                                                                                         2025                2024
                                                                     Note             HK$’000             HK$’000

            ASSETS
            Non-current assets
             Investment in a subsidiary                                                 62,738              62,738
             Deferred tax assets                                                           253                   –

                                                                                        62,991              62,738

            Current assets
              Due from a subsidiary                                                     60,164              59,484
              Prepayments                                                                  319                 306
              Cash and cash equivalents                                                    204                 176

                                                                                        60,687              59,966

            Total assets                                                               123,678             122,704

            EQUITY
            Equity attributable to shareholders of the Company
              Share capital                                                             19,896              19,896
              Other reserves                                          (a)               78,537              78,537
              Retained earnings                                       (a)               25,208              24,208

            Total equity                                                               123,641             122,641

            LIABILITIES
            Current liabilities
              Other payables and accruals                                                   37                  63

            Total liabilities                                                               37                  63

            Total equity and liabilities                                               123,678             122,704

          The statement of financial position of the Company was approved by the Board of Directors on 24 March 2026
          and was signed on its behalf.

                                MON Chung Hung                                   CHAN Chun Yiu
                                   Director                                         Director
                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025      75
                                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




29. Statement of Financial Position and Reserve Movement of the Company
    (Continued)
   (a) Reserve Movement

                                                           Other reserves
                                                    Contributed          Capital
                                          Share         surplus      redemption      Total other        Retained
                                       premium            (note)        reserves       reserves         earnings           Total
                                        HK$’000        HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000

         At 1 January 2025                15,885          62,548              104          78,537          24,208        102,745
         Total comprehensive
            income for the year                 –               –               –               –          10,948          10,948
         Dividend paid                          –               –               –               –          (9,948)         (9,948)

         At 31 December 2025              15,885          62,548              104          78,537          25,208        103,745

         At 1 January 2024                15,885          62,548              104          78,537          19,644          98,181
         Total comprehensive
            income for the year                 –               –               –               –           8,490           8,490
         Dividend paid                          –               –               –               –          (3,926)         (3,926)

         At 31 December 2024              15,885          62,548              104          78,537          24,208        102,745

        Note: The contributed surplus of the Company arose when the Company issued shares in exchange for the shares of
              subsidiaries being acquired in connection with the reorganisation of the Group prior to its listing on the Stock
              Exchange, and represented the difference between the nominal value of the Company’s shares issued and the
              value of net assets of the subsidiaries acquired. Under the Companies Act of 1981 of Bermuda (as amended), the
              contributed surplus is distributable to the shareholders. At Group level, the contributed surplus is reclassified into
              its component reserves of the underlying subsidiaries.


30. Subsequent Events
   Subsequent to the reporting period up to the date of this report, the Group has entered transactions to acquire
   listed securities. By reference to the two announcements dated 26 January 2026 and 13 March 2026, the total
   consideration (excluding transaction costs) was approximately HK$23,432,000 and was financed by the Group’s
   existing financial resources. Detailed information of the transactions have been published in the aforesaid
   announcements.

   Save as disclosed above, there is no other material event for disclosure subsequent to 31 December 2025 up to
   date of this report.

31. Approval of the Consolidated Financial Statements
   The consolidated financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors on 24 March 2026.
76   Perennial International Limited


     FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

                                                          2025      2024      2023      2022      2021

      Operating results (HK$’000)
      Revenue                                           395,740   328,578   303,527   324,524   373,472
      Operating profit                                   41,671    29,604    18,301    22,472    28,623
      Profit for the year                                31,186    25,804    15,746    18,510    23,597

      Financial position (HK$’000)
      Net current assets                                260,340   221,277   192,558   169,615   149,896
      Shareholders’ funds                               456,508   431,650   409,524   404,170   409,183

      Per share data (HK cent)
      Earnings per share – basic and diluted               15.7      13.0       7.9       9.3      11.9
      Dividend per share (interim and final dividend)       6.0       5.0         –       3.0       2.0

      Key Statistics
      Inventory turnover (days)                             176      187       216       227       173
      Debtors’ turnover (days)                               76       83        73        73        67
      Creditors’ turnover (days)                             36       40        33        39        46
      Acid-test ratio (%)                                 258%     263%      310%      141%       90%
      Working capital (%)                                 437%     494%      592%      399%      224%

      Total liabilities/total capital employed (%)       18.7%     14.9%     11.1%     15.6%     31.2%
      Return on capital employed (operating profit/
       shareholders’ funds) (%)                           9.4%      7.0%      4.5%      5.6%      7.0%
      Return on average total assets (profit after
       taxation/average total assets) (%)                 6.0%      5.4%      3.4%      3.7%      4.6%
