 Laying a solid foundation
to convert challenges into unlimited opportunities.
Contents
 2 Corporate Information                       35 Independent Auditor’s Report


 3 Corporate Structure                         40 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss


 6 Chairman’s Statement                        41 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
                                                  Other Comprehensive Income

10 Financial Summary
                                               42 Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

11 Management Discussion and Analysis
                                               44 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

16 Directors, Senior Management and Advisor
                                               45 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

19 Corporate Governance Report
                                               46 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

28 Report of the Directors
                                              105 Particulars of Investment Properties
    Corporate Information



    DIRECTORS                                               PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER
    Executive Directors                                     OFFICE
    CHAN Pak Chung (Chairman of the Board)                  Ogier Global (Cayman) Limited
    CHAN Yuen Shan Clara                                    89 Nexus Way, Camana Bay,
      (Vice Chairman of the Board and CEO)                  Grand Cayman, KY1-9009,
    CHAN Ka Chun Patrick                                    Cayman Islands
    OKUSAKO CHAN Pui Shan Lillian
                                                            HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR AND
    Non-executive Director                                  TRANSFER OFFICE
    CHUNG Wai Kwok Jimmy                                    Tricor Investor Services Limited
                                                            17/F., Far East Finance Centre
    Independent Non-executive Directors                     16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong
    HO Kwai Ching Mark
    TAI Lun Paul                                            LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE COMPANY
    WONG Kam Fai William                                    As to Hong Kong Law:
                                                            Kwok Yih & Chan
    AUDIT COMMITTEE                                         Suites 1501, 15th Floor
    HO Kwai Ching Mark (Chairman of the Audit Committee)    Bank of America Tower
    TAI Lun Paul                                            12 Harcourt Road
    WONG Kam Fai William                                    Central
                                                            Hong Kong
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
    HO Kwai Ching Mark                                      As to Cayman Islands Law:
      (Chairman of the Remuneration Committee)              OGIER
    CHAN Pak Chung                                          89 Nexus Way, Camana Bay,
    TAI Lun Paul                                            Grand Cayman, KY1-9009,
                                                            Cayman Islands
    NOMINATION COMMITTEE
    CHAN Pak Chung (Chairman of the Nomination Committee)   AUDITOR
    TAI Lun Paul                                            KPMG
    Wong Kam Fai William                                    Certified Public Accountants
                                                            Public Interest Entity Auditor registered in accordance with
    COMPANY SECRETARY                                       the Accounting and Financial Reporting Council Ordinance
    LEE King On                                             8/F., Prince’s Building
                                                            10 Chater Road
                                                            Central
    AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
                                                            Hong Kong
    CHAN Yuen Shan Clara
    LEE King On
                                                            PRINCIPAL BANKERS
                                                            The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited
    REGISTERED OFFICE
                                                            Hang Seng Bank Limited
    89 Nexus Way, Camana Bay,
                                                            Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited
    Grand Cayman, KY1-9009,
                                                            Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited
    Cayman Islands
                                                            STOCK CODE
    HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF
                                                            637
    BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
    16 Dai Fat Street
                                                            WEBSITE OF THE COMPANY
    Tai Po Industrial Estate
                                                            www.leekeegroup.com
    New Territories
    Hong Kong



2   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Corporate Structure
(operating companies as at 31.03.2024)




                                         Billion Trend Limited

                                         Essence Metal (Asia) Company Limited

                                         Lee City Asia Company Limited

                                         Lee Fung Metal Company Limited

                                         Lee Kee International Limited

                                         Lee Kee Metal Company Limited

                                         Lee Kee Store Company Limited

                                         Lee Yip Metal Products Company Limited

                                         Promet Consultancy Company Limited

                                         Promet Metals Testing Laboratory Limited

                                         Silver Goal International Limited

                                         Standard Glory Management Limited

                                         Toba Company Limited

                                         LKG Elite (Shenzhen) Company Limited

                                         LKG Elite (Guangzhou) Company Limited

                                         LKG Elite (Wuxi) Company Limited

                                         Genesis Alloys (Ningbo) Limited

                                         Mega International Resources Company Limited
                                         Taiwan Branch

                                         LKG (Singapore) Private Limited

                                              LKG (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd*

                                         Lee Kee Development (Thailand) Limited


*75% owned



                                                      LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024   3
Commitment to
			PREVAIL
  Navigation to success with
 resilient leadership and invaluable experience
    Chairman’s Statement




                                                        CHAN Pak Chung
                                                        Chairman


    Dear Stakeholders,

    During the year ended 31 March 2024 (the “Financial Year”), the operating environment remained difficult due to macro
    uncertainties, economic slowdown, and geopolitical instability, which inevitably affected LEE KEE Holdings Limited (the
    “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively “LEE KEE Group” or the “Group” or “we”). Despite these difficulties, we
    remained resilient and proactively implemented strategies that converted challenges into opportunities, laying a solid
    foundation for the Group’s sustainable long-term development.

    With over three quarters of a century in the metals industry, we have amassed experience and knowledge, allowing the
    Group to navigate numerous peaks and troughs. Innovation and sustainability have become the cornerstones of the Group
    and integral to our ongoing development. Our endeavors in innovation and sustainability have garnered widespread
    recognition, leading to the attainment of prestigious accolades.

    On the innovation front, we have embraced digitalization, leveraging advanced data analytics tools to convert data into
    valuable insights for informed decision-making and process optimization. By actively transforming innovative concepts into
    functional applications, we have enhanced both the Group’s competitiveness and customer satisfaction.

    The seamless integration of industry, academia and research has also been actively fostered, creating boundless
    opportunities for the Group. Our strategic collaboration with a university in Ningbo in establishing an Applied Technology
    Research Institute for Advanced Metal Materials is allowing the Group to realize new productive forces as well as actively
    pursue new industrialization and high-quality sustainable development.




6   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Chairman’s Statement




Our sustainability approach along the value chain, which encompasses carbon footprint data collection, aligns with the
country’s goal of achieving carbon peak and carbon neutrality. In addition, the Group encourages clients and supply chains
to integrate innovative technologies into their manufacturing and industrial processes, which in turn facilitates sustainable
and advanced manufacturing. Moreover, we have expanded the Group’s Hong Kong production in terms of capacity and
scalability to further support our ability to meet growing demand of sustainable manufacturing.

Our commitment to corporate excellence and professional integrity drives stringent governance policies, as we believe
that robust corporate governance is the foundation for long-term success. Going forward, we will continue to align our
development with the strategic direction of the nation and Hong Kong, providing high-quality products and value-added
services to customers across various industries. Our extensive range of products has already found applications in everyday
necessities, making us closely intertwined with people’s lives. Through the Group’s unwavering efforts, our own brands can
meet dynamic market demands by delivering exceptional quality specialty alloys that are praised by customers.

Looking ahead, we remain cautiously optimistic despite the weak recovery momentum observed in the fourth quarter,
subdued economic growth prospects, and the potential for macroeconomic challenges to affect consumer confidence. Our
mission of “We Create Value Solutions Beyond Metals” remains resolute, we will capitalize on market trends and evolving
customer needs, invest in R&D, and explore new applications beyond metals. Concurrently, we will expand our footprint
in Mainland China and Southeast Asia, leveraging opportunities that emerge from the One Belt One Road initiative and
becoming an influencer in the region.

While challenges lie ahead, our concerted efforts and accumulated competitive strengths will help LEE KEE Group
withstand the testing times and emerge even stronger.




CHAN Pak Chung
Chairman

24 May 2024




                                                                           LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024     7
Bridging metals with
INNOVATION and
  SUSTAINABILITY
          Pursue transformation for business success and
         accelerate to the new height of industrialization
     Financial Summary



     Following is a summary of the consolidated results and of the consolidated assets and liabilities of the Group for the last
     five financial years presented on a basis as stated below:


     CONSOLIDATED RESULTS

                                                                               Year ended 31 March
                                                             2024            2023        2022         2021                2020
                                                          HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000             HK$’000


      Revenue                                            1,699,491      2,204,673      2,549,679      1,951,879       1,864,166


      (Loss)/profit before income tax                      (45,806)        (35,148)        26,398         22,308       (123,394)
      Income tax expense                                    (4,044)         (9,445)        (7,859)        (5,466)        (4,763)


      (Loss)/profit attributable to the equity
        shareholders of the Company
        for the year                                       (49,850)        (44,593)        18,539         16,842       (128,157)


      Attributable to:

         Equity shareholders of the Company                (49,694)        (44,469)        18,657         16,882       (128,057)
         Non-controlling interests                            (156)           (124)          (118)           (40)          (100)


                                                           (49,850)        (44,593)        18,539         16,842       (128,157)


     CONSOLIDATED ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

                                                                                  As at 31 March
                                                             2024            2023         2022             2021           2020
                                                          HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000          HK$’000        HK$’000


      Total non-current assets                             181,605        201,040        166,304         119,418        108,904
      Total current assets                                 682,557        724,696        950,847         916,644        947,622


      Total assets                                         864,162        925,736      1,117,151      1,036,062       1,056,526


      Total non-current liabilities                         19,723         20,782         12,970           5,358         19,396
      Total current liabilities                             31,841         31,530        180,952         128,766        174,317


      Total liabilities                                     51,564         52,312        193,922         134,124        193,713


      Net assets                                           812,598        873,424        923,229         901,938        862,813


10   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Management Discussion and Analysis



OVERALL BUSINESS PERFORMANCE

Financial Review

For the year ended 31 March 2024 (“Financial Year”), global economic growth remained subdued, high central bank rates
to combat inflation and the withdrawal of fiscal support amid high debt were among the factors that weighed on economic
activity. Despite the headwinds created by the macroeconomic environment, the Group demonstrated strong resilience
and achieved steady development.

As at the Financial Year, the Group’s revenue totaled approximately HK$1,699 million, a decrease of 22.9% compared
with approximately HK$2,205 million recorded for the year ended 31 March 2023 (the “Comparative Period”). During the
Financial Year, the total tonnage sold by the Group reached approximately 76,800 tonnes, a drop of 4.0% when compared
with approximately 80,000 tonnes sold in the Comparative Period, a reflection of softened demand.

The Group recorded a gross profit of HK$67.7 million and a gross profit margin of 4.0% for the Financial Year in contrast
with a gross profit of HK$77.3 million and a gross profit margin of 3.5% for the Comparative Period. The increase in gross
profit margin is mainly due to better inventory management and product mix.

The Group recorded a loss attributable to the Company’s equity shareholders of approximately HK$49.7 million for the
Financial Year compared with a loss of HK$44.4 million reported for the Comparative Period. The loss was primarily due to
lower revenue and unfavourable metal prices, partly offset by our efforts put on products and services diversification.

Throughout the fiscal year, the zinc price exhibited overall stability, maintaining a modest level of fluctuation apart from
the decline in the first two months. During the Financial Year, zinc price reached a peak of approximately US$2,936 and
a trough of US$2,222 per metric ton. As at the end of the Financial Year, zinc was valued at approximately US$2,394 per
metric ton.

For the Financial Year, the Group’s distribution and selling expenses decreased to approximately HK$23.3 million in
contrast with HK$27.4 million for the Comparative Period. As for general and administrative expenses, it decreased to
approximately HK$86.4 million in contrast with HK$88.7 million for the Comparative Period.

Concerning other income, it decreased modestly from HK$12.8 million recorded for the Comparative Year to HK$12.1
million for the Financial Year.

The Group’s finance costs for the Financial Year amounted to HK$0.4 million, down from HK$5.9 million for the
Comparative Period. The Group remains in a healthy financial position, with HK$265 million in bank balances and cash on
hand as at 31 March 2024.




                                                                            LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024   11
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     Business Review

     Innovation and sustainability strategy facilitates resilience amid challenging macroenvironment

     Along with a high interest rate environment that continued to impede economic growth, unfavorable metal prices
     and volatility combined to create an extremely challenging business environment for LEE KEE, the Group was able to
     demonstrate resilience and robustness by adhering to innovation and sustainability. Through the effective implementation
     of three key strategies, encompassing responsible supply chain management, promoting sustainable manufacturing
     practices and delivering innovative products and services, the Group has withstood various market shocks. Its diverse
     and high-quality product offerings have been instrumental in meeting the varied needs of its customers, which in turn
     enhances customer loyalty and bolsters its market position. In particular, the Group’s own brands, namely Mastercast,
     Genesis, occupied key positions in supporting the Group’s development, delivering specialty alloys that are able to address
     the unique demands of customers in the market. The Group also focused on diversifying its supply chain across multiple
     sources to enhance agility and contingencies against reliance-associated risks.

     Providing valuable solutions that go beyond metals

     Leveraging innovative technologies and technical expertise, the Group offers professional consultation services for clients
     across various industries. Through proactive engagement with customers, the Group strengthens ties between the Group
     and its customers by enhancing operational efficiency and addressing the evolving needs of customers. In view of the
     growing demand for sustainable products, LEE KEE has strategically allocated resources to research and development
     (R&D) in this field, as well as leveraged an advanced and comprehensive platform to assist customers in differentiating
     themselves from their competitors in both processes and products.

     Technological empowerment for responsible supply chain management and sustainable manufacturing

     Aligned with the Group’s commitment to supply chain management and sustainable manufacturing, advanced
     technologies have been harnessed to ensure product traceability and accountability. In order to meet the international
     standard governing the quantification, reporting and verification of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions information, the
     Group has initiated the collection of scope 3 emissions data within its supply chain. This strategic undertaking positions
     the Group to support customers in their pursuit of carbon reduction goals and integrate into responsible supply chains,
     fostering a sustainable ecosystem. Furthermore, the Group enriched the international sustainability recognition with
     Global Recycled Standard (GRS)#, which further affirms our dedication to sustainable materials, and showcases our
     proficient utilization of technology in achieving sustainable manufacturing. The Group has also made significant strides in
     generating green energy, producing a commendable around 237,240 kWh of renewable energy through the utilization of
     200kW solar PV systems during the Financial Year, further contributing to its environmentally conscious practices.




     #
            Lee Fung Metal Company Limited, LKG Elite (Shenzhen) Company Limited and LKG Elite (Ningbo) Company Limited, members of Lee Kee
            have been certified to trade GRS zinc alloy in accordance with the Global Recycle Standard 4.0 (GRS 4.0)



12   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Management Discussion and Analysis




Unleashing the power of digitalization to enhance efficiency

The Group remains steadfast in its commitment to intensify the deployment of its digitalization strategy, effectively
harnessing the transformative capabilities of the Industry 4.0 system to capture and analyze process parameters in real-
time, resulting in valuable operational insights. Through continuous performance monitoring, LEE KEE is able to facilitate
the early detection of abnormalities and the resolution of potential issues. By capitalizing on data-driven decision-making
and process optimization, thereby greatly enhancing operational efficiency. Notably, we have achieved a remarkable
milestone as the first metal solutions provider in Greater China to adopt a comprehensive digital carbon management
platform. This platform evaluates the GHG emissions of an organization, enabling the implementation of cost-effective
carbon reduction plans.

Capitalizing on the unique strengths of the Group to drive synergistic industry-academia cooperation

LEE KEE leverages its strengths to advocate collaboration between industry and academia, fostering an environment
conducive to innovation and technological advancement. It unleashes the potential of findings from R&D, facilitating their
transformation and commercialization. In addition, Genesis was recognized as a “Science and Technology Enterprise” by
the Zhejiang Provincial Department of Science and Technology. This recognition is a result of the Group’s intense sense of
innovation.

Pioneering R&D, the Group implemented innovative technologies across various industries. Genesis reached a strategic
collaboration with a university in Ningbo, leading to the founding of the Applied Technology Research Institute for
Advanced Metal Materials, which engages in the research and development of advanced metal materials. The Group will
continue to promote the integration of industry, academia, and research to drive technological innovation, facilitate the
translation of outcomes, pursuit the application of new energy, new materials, and non-ferrous metals, as well as spur the
transformation and upgrade of traditional industries.

Taking the initiative in addressing customers’ needs

Providing solutions that go beyond its traditional strengths, the Group’s array of comprehensive and high-quality services
include premium quality alloys, quality assurance for metals, professional consultancy, specialty alloys and laboratory
testing services for construction materials and water quality.

Promet Metals Testing Laboratory Limited (“Promet”), a member of LEE KEE, has been an approved London Metal
Exchange (LME) Listed Sampler and Assayer (LSA) for pure zinc, aluminum, and aluminum alloys for almost a decade.
It conducts thorough quality assurance tests to ensure that metals meet the required specifications and standards. In
addition, Promet possesses extensive technical experience covering various metal manufacturing industries. With the
operation of a new online diagnostic platform in the Financial Year, Promet has been able to further extend its reach,
engaging new customer segments and raising awareness of its testing and analysis capabilities. By providing guidance and
support in optimizing material usage, maximizing output ratio, and enhancing overall production performance, Promet
supports its customers to achieve their maximum operational potential.




                                                                           LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024   13
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     Green financing adds impetus to fulfilling environmental agenda

     The Group is honored to have secured a Sustainability-Linked Loan with an international bank in 2023, which testifies
     to the recognition the Group commands for its sustainability efforts. During the Financial Year, the Group tapped funds
     from the credit line to advance the environmental agenda by initiating and expanding the scope of environment-related
     projects. These efforts pave the way for long-term sustainability, fostering positive change and leaving a lasting impact on
     the environment and communities.

     Accountability that starts from within

     Congruent with the Group’s culture of integrity and accountability, it upholds a top-down strategy to corporate
     governance, ensuring stringent regulations are adhered to at all levels of the organization as the Group recognizes the vital
     importance of maintaining transparent and ethical practices.

     To further enhance corporate governance practices, the Group regularly conducts training and development programs for
     its employees on multiple topics. By equipping employees with the up-to-date knowledge and skills, the Group ensures
     that they are capable of upholding the standards of ethical behavior.


     Prospects

     The global economy is anticipated to maintain a steady but slow growth trajectory for 2024. While multilateral tensions
     present a potential risk to economic growth, the Group remains cautiously optimistic about the outlook for its operations.

     Leading the industry forward by empowering clients’ green transformation

     The Group has been proactively building a green and sustainable supply chain and has made farsighted deployments to
     support customers in attaining their green transformation goals. Acknowledging the increased societal awareness and
     expectations regarding environmental protection, the Group is dedicated to improving the transparency and disclosure
     of carbon emissions data. As the Group’s commitment to innovation and sustainability extends beyond its operations,
     permeating throughout the entire supply chain ecosystem, it trusts that it will influence and motivate other industry
     players to improve their operations and services, ultimately benefiting society as a whole.

     Regional expansion through innovative products and services and the Belt and Road

     Determined to maintain its growth momentum, the Group will leverage its robust R&D capabilities to continuously develop
     more high-value-added and exceptional products while exploring new metals applications. Such products and solutions will
     serve as calling cards for the Group as it capitalizes on opportunities arising from the One Belt One Road initiative, including
     the growing demand for high-quality metal products and technical consulting services from markets in Mainland China and
     Southeast Asia. At the same time, the Group will strategically strengthen its presence in these markets, reinforce ties with
     customers, and elevate the quality of services to drive long-term business growth.




14   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Management Discussion and Analysis




Breaking conventions in advancing technologies, professional collaborations and social development

At LEE KEE, the spirit of innovation is fostered not only within the confines of the Group, but also in collaboration with
industry partners and academia. The Group firmly believes that collective efforts are crucial in driving social progress.
It demonstrated by the success of InnoHealth Solutions & Technology Limited (formerly known as Lee Tai Precious
Metal Company Limited) semi-automatic 3D planning software, which awarded the “Gold Medal with Congratulations
of the Jury” at the 48th Geneva International Exhibition of Inventions, the accolade not only highlights the international
recognition that the software has earned for its technological breakthroughs, but also the power of industry-academia
collaboration. The Group maintains a steadfast commitment to actively seeking and nurturing collaborative opportunities
that further contribute to the advancement of both industry and the community.

DIVIDEND

The Board of Directors of the Company does not recommend the payment of final dividend for the Financial Year.

CLOSURE OF REGISTER

For the purpose of ascertaining shareholders’ entitlement to attend and vote at the AGM, the Register of Members of the
Company (the “Register of Members”) will be closed from Thursday, 22 August 2024 to Tuesday, 27 August 2024, both
days inclusive, during which period no transfers of shares will be effected. In order to qualify for voting at the forthcoming
AGM, all transfers, accompanied by the relevant share certificates, must be lodged with the Company’s Hong Kong Branch
Share Registrar and Transfer Office, Tricor Investor Services Limited at 17/F., Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road,
Admiralty, Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Wednesday, 21 August 2024.

LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL RESOURCES AND COMMODITY PRICE RISK

The Group primarily financed its operation through internal resources and borrowings from banks. As at 31 March 2024,
the Group had unrestricted cash and bank balances of approximately HK$265 million (2023: HK$221 million) and bank
borrowings of approximately HK$5.48 million (2023: HK$2.75 million). The gearing ratio (total borrowings and lease
liabilities to total equity) as at 31 March 2024 was 1.70% (2023: 1.21%). The Group has a current ratio of 2,144% as at 31
March 2024 (2023: 2,298%).

The Group constantly evaluates and monitors its risk exposure to metals prices with reference to the market conditions.
In order to control the exposure efficiently and to capitalise on direction of price trends, the Group’s management will
employ appropriate operating strategies and set inventory levels accordingly.

The Group’s foreign exchange exposure mainly resulted from the exchange rate between Hong Kong dollars against United
States dollars and Renminbi.

EMPLOYEES

As at 31 March 2024, the Group had approximately 180 employees (2023: 190 employees). Their remuneration,
promotion and salary review are assessed based on job responsibilities, work performance, professional experiences and
the prevailing industry practices. The key components of the Group’s remuneration package include basic salary, and
where appropriate, other allowances, incentive bonuses and the Group’s contribution to mandatory provident funds (or
state-managed retirement benefits scheme). During the Financial Year, staff costs (including directors’ emoluments) were
approximately HK$64.6 million (2023: HK$67.8 million).


                                                                            LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024     15
     Directors, Senior Management and Advisor



     EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

     Mr. CHAN Pak Chung, aged 76, is the Chairman of the Board and an Executive Director of the Company and a director of
     certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Chan has been serving the Group since 1967 and is now leading and governing
     the Board of the Company to ensure the Board works and performs its responsibilities effectively. Mr. Chan has more
     than 50 years of experience in the group development and non-ferrous metals industry. He obtained a Master Degree
     in Material Engineering from the Yanshan University. Mr. Chan is also a Permanent Honorary President of Hong Kong
     Foundry Association, Honorary Fellow (Machinery and Metal Industry) of the Professional Validation Council of Hong Kong
     Industries, Honorary President of the Professional Validation Council of Hong Kong Industries, Chairman of the Hong Kong
     Metal Merchants Association and Honorary President of The Hong Kong Association for the Advancement of Science and
     Technology. Mr. Chan is the spouse of Ms. MA Siu Tao (deemed to be a substantial shareholder of the Company under
     Securities and Futures Ordinance), father of Ms. CHAN Yuen Shan Clara, Mr. CHAN Ka Chun Patrick and Ms. OKUSAKO
     CHAN Pui Shan Lillian.

     Ms. CHAN Yuen Shan Clara, aged 52, is the Vice-Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer and an Executive Director of
     the Company. She is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Ms. Chan joined the Group in 1995 and is
     responsible for setting the Group’s strategic direction and formulating its long-term growth strategies. She also leads the
     Group to strive toward its sustainability and innovation excellence goals. Ms. Chan has over 25 years of experience in the
     non-ferrous metals industry. She is awarded The Medal of Honour by HKSAR Government in 2018. She is a member of
     Hong Kong Housing Authority and its Subsidised Housing Committee, the Operations Review Committee of Independent
     Commission Against Corruption, the Steering Committee on the Child Development Fund of Hong Kong Labour and
     Welfare Bureau, the Business Facilitation Advisory Committee, the Green Technology and Finance Development
     Committee of Financial Services and the Treasury Bureau, and the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership Task
     Force on Trade and Investment under the HKTDC Belt and Road & Greater Bay Area Committee, as well as the Council
     Member of the Hong Kong Productivity Council. She is a Director of Nano and Advanced Material institute Limited. Besides,
     she serves as an Executive Deputy Chairman of Federation of Hong Kong Industries (FHKI). She is also an Independent
     Non-Executive Director of Computer and Technologies Holdings Limited (listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange
     of Hong Kong Limited). Ms. Chan holds a Master of Social Science degree in Global Political Economy from The Chinese
     University of Hong Kong. Ms. Chan is the daughter of Mr. CHAN Pak Chung and Ms. MA Siu Tao, sister of Mr. CHAN Ka
     Chun Patrick and Ms. OKUSAKO CHAN Pui Shan Lillian.

     Mr. CHAN Ka Chun Patrick (“Mr. Patrick Chan”), aged 51, is an Executive Director of the Company and a director of
     certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Patrick Chan joined the Group in 2006 and has a leading role in the Group’s
     strategic direction and future developments in areas including advance manufacturing and technological innovation. He
     has 18 years of experience in the stainless steel industry and metal diecasting. Mr. Patrick Chan obtained a Bachelor’s of
     Science Degree in Aeronautical Science from Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University and holds a Master Degree in Business
     Administration from the University of Hong Kong. He is the Honorary President of Hong Kong Electrical Appliances
     Industries Association, the Vice-Chairman of the Hong Kong Metal Merchants Association, a director of Hong Kong Auto
     Parts Industry Association and a member of HKTDC Electronics/Electrical Appliances Industries Advisory Committee. Prior
     to joining the Group, Mr. Patrick Chan was an Airline Pilot. Mr. Patrick Chan is the son of Mr. CHAN Pak Chung and Ms. MA
     Siu Tao, brother of Ms. CHAN Yuen Shan Clara and Ms. OKUSAKO CHAN Pui Shan Lillian.




16   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Directors, Senior Management and Advisor




Ms. OKUSAKO CHAN Pui Shan Lillian (“Ms. Lillian Chan”), aged 49, is an executive director of the Company and a director
of the Company’s certain subsidiaries. She joined the Group in 2001 and she is the Group’s Chief Operating Officer. Ms.
Lillian Chan is overseeing the Group’s business operation and implement the corporate strategy including responsible
sourcing and supply chain management. She has over 20 years of industry experience and leads the strategic direction
of the group in particular to ESG and Sustainable development. Ms. Lillian Chan obtained a double bachelor’s degree in
marketing and Psychology. Ms. Lillian Chan is a daughter of Mr. CHAN Pak Chung and Ms. MA Siu Tao, a sister of Ms. CHAN
Yuen Shan Clara and Mr. CHAN Ka Chun Patrick.


NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

Mr. CHUNG Wai Kwok Jimmy, aged 74, was appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company in
September 2006 and designated as a Non-executive Director of the Company since October 2022. Mr. Chung has over
30 years of experience in financial advisory, taxation and management. He was a partner of PricewaterhouseCoopers and
retired in June of 2005. In October of 2005, he joined a professional consulting firm, Russell Bedford Hong Kong Limited
(now known as Russell Bedford Hong Kong), as Director – Tax & Business Advisory. Mr. Chung is a member of the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants, the Taxation Institution of Hong Kong and the Association of Chartered
Certified Accountants (ACCA). He was the President of the Hong Kong branch of ACCA for the year 2005/06. Mr. Chung was
an independent non-executive director of Tradelink Electronic Commerce Limited (listed on the Main Board of The Stock
Exchange of Hong Kong Limited) and retired in May 2024.


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. HO Kwai Ching Mark, aged 62, is an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company appointed since June of
2014. He is currently the co-founder and CEO of ProMEX Limited. He was previously the Chief Operating Officer of Oriental
Patron Securities Limited (“OPSL”). Prior to joining OPSL, he was the Chief Compliance Officer of Hong Kong Mercantile
Exchange Limited, the Director of Business Development of Sun Hung Kai Securities Limited and a Director of Phillip
Securities (HK) Limited. He was also previously Vice President of Corporate Strategy of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing
Limited and Head of Compliance of Hong Kong Futures Exchange Limited. He is also an independent non-executive director
of Hengan International Group Company Limited and Green Future Food Hydrocolloid Marine Science Company Limited
(both companies listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited).

Mr. TAI Lun Paul, aged 57, is an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company appointed since April 2020. He is
currently the Regional Managing Director of Asia of Mainetti (Far East) Limited (“Mainetti”) overseeing its Asian operations
and actively participating in the group’s major expansion and acquisition projects. Prior to joining Mainetti, he worked in
a bluechip property company in Hong Kong. Mr. Tai has over 30 years’ experience in corporate development, specializing
in Asian operations, financial matters and mergers and acquisitions. Mr. Tai is a fellow member of Hong Kong Institute
of Certified Public Accountants, a fellow member of The Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and a Chartered
Accountant of Singapore. Mr. Tai was awarded a Master Degree in Business Administration from The Hong Kong University
of Science and Technology.




                                                                          LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024     17
     Directors, Senior Management and Advisor




     Mr. WONG Kam Fai William, aged 63, is an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company appointed since October
     2022. He is currently the Associate Dean (External Affairs) of the Faculty of Engineering and Professor in the Department
     of Systems Engineering and Engineering Management of The Chinese University of Hong Kong. He is also a member of the
     14th National Committee of CPPCC, a member of the 7th Legislative Council of the HKSAR, a Fellow of the Association of
     Computational Linguistics (ACL), Vice Chairman & Secretary General of Hong Kong Alliance of Technology and Innovation.
     He graduated from The University of Edinburgh, Scotland with a bachelor degree and a doctorate degree in Electrical
     Engineering and obtained the qualification as a Chartered Engineer (CEng). Mr. Wong was an Independent Non-executive
     Director of Hengdeli Holdings Limited (listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange) and resigned in September 2023.


     SENIOR MANAGEMENT

     Mr. CHEUK Wa Pang, aged 59, is the Chief Financial Officer of the Company and a director of certain subsidiaries of the
     Company. Mr. Cheuk joined the Group in December of 2002 and is responsible for the financial matters of the Group. Prior
     to joining the Group, Mr. Cheuk worked as financial controller and company secretary as well as business consultant of
     various private and listed companies. Mr. Cheuk has over 30 years of experience in finance, accounting and auditing. Mr.
     Cheuk holds a Bachelor Degree of Science in Engineering from the University of Hong Kong, a Master Degree in Applied
     Finance and a Master Degree in Business Administration from Macquarie University in Australia. Mr. Cheuk is a member of
     the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

     Mr. YAN Cheuk Yam, aged 76, was appointed an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company in September of
     2006. He resigned from the directorship in February of 2007 and has acted as the Head of China Division of the Group
     since March of 2007. Mr. Yan is responsible for advising the Group’s PRC development and local relationships in the PRC.
     He is also a director of several of the Group’s PRC subsidiaries. Prior to this employment, Mr. Yan was a director of a steel
     pipes company and a consultant of a Dongguan metals factory. Mr. Yan has more than 35 years of experience in the steel
     business and metal trading in the PRC, Taiwan and Hong Kong.


     ADVISOR

     To further strengthen the Group’s expertise and development in the metal industry, the Group has engaged advisors from
     different areas from time to time. During the Financial Year, the following advisor was engaged:

     Ms. Lesley Anne CAMPBELL has specialised in commodity risk management for many years, working with a broad range
     of LME clients and with a number of global organisations including the World Bank. She was a consultant to the LME
     and subsequently joined HKEx to assist with the development of their commodity franchise. Ms. Campbell has presented
     programmes on finance for BBC and wrote a book called Forged Metal on the aluminium industry. Ms. Campbell obtained
     a Master’s Degree of Arts from Glasgow University.




18   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Corporate Governance Report



CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

The Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”) recognises the importance of business ethics and incorporating
elements of good corporate governance (including but not limited to traditional corporate values) in the business and
operation, management structures, risk management and internal control of the Group so as to achieve effectiveness
and accountability. The Company endeavours to ensure that its businesses are conducted in accordance with rules and
regulations, and applicable codes and standards. In addition, the Company implemented specific measures to comply with
the code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) contained in Appendix C1 of the Rules Governing
the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”) during the Financial Year.

To the knowledge of the Directors and save as disclosed herein, the Directors consider that the Company has complied
with the code provisions of the CG Code and are not aware of any non-compliance with the then provisions in the CG Code
for the financial year.


CORPORATE CULTURE

The Group has consolidated its core value, business principles, and corporate governance in cultivating a unique corporate
culture across the three dimensions of strategy, execution, and human capital which serve as a reference for development
and operation.

Building upon the corporate culture, the Group strengthens the traditional metal-based solutions and develops beyond
metals, with emphasis on innovation and sustainability. The corporate mission of “We Create Value Solution Beyond
Metals” and the belief in “Innovation From a Solid Foundation” demonstrate the alignment of corporate culture and
business objectives.

The Board has also taken appropriate measures to promote the corporate culture among staff and to integrate its key
elements into the daily operation.


DIRECTORS’ SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors (the “Model Code”) set out in Appendix
C3 of the Listing Rules. The Company, having made specific enquiry of all the Directors, was not aware of any non-
compliance with the Model Code by the Directors during the financial year.




                                                                         LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024    19
     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     The composition of the Board and the biographical details of the Directors are set out in the Report of the Directors and
     also Directors, Senior Management and Advisor of the annual report respectively. The Board is responsible for providing
     entrepreneurial leadership, either directly or through its committees, to the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the
     “Group”) in order to deliver long-term value to shareholders. In general, the Board assumes the responsibility of leading
     and controlling the company and collectively responsible for promoting its success by directing and supervising its affairs.
     It also establishes company purpose, values, and strategy to algin with corporate culture. The Board established on 20
     December 2006 the Executive Committee which can exercise the powers delegated by the Board pursuant to the written
     terms of reference, except the powers to approve major issues and reserved matters, such as acquisition and disposal,
     connected transactions which are reserved by the Board. The management is responsible for day-to-day management of
     the Company under the leadership of the Chief Executive Officer. The Company has received the annual confirmation of
     independence from all the Independent Non-executive Directors pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and reviewed
     by Nomination Committee to consider them independent to the Group. Save as disclosed in the Directors, Senior
     Management and Advisor section and to the best knowledge of the Directors, the Board is not aware of any financial,
     business, family or other material/relevant relationships among the board members. The Directors have participated to
     continuous professional development (“CPD”) and provided their CPD records during the Financial Year. They attended
     seminars/courses (including webinar) or reading materials on regulations, updates. The Company also invited external
     parties to deliver and organized itself various trainings during the Financial Year.


     Directors’ trainings

                                                                        Attending      Reading materials
                                                                Seminars/courses/        on regulations,     Receiving briefing
                                                                         webinar                updates           and updates


      CHAN Pak Chung                                                      ✓                                          ✓
      CHAN Yuen Shan Clara                                                ✓                     ✓                    ✓
      CHAN Ka Chun Patrick                                                ✓                     ✓                    ✓
      OKUSAKO CHAN Pui Shan Lillian                                       ✓                     ✓                    ✓
      CHUNG Wai Kwok Jimmy                                                ✓                     ✓                    ✓
      HO Kwai Ching Mark                                                  ✓                     ✓                    ✓
      TAI Lun Paul                                                        ✓                     ✓                    ✓
      WONG Kam Fai William                                                ✓                     ✓                    ✓

     CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

     The Company has two different persons for the posts of the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. The
     Chairman of the Board, Mr. CHAN Pak Chung, leads and governs the Board (including but not limited to chairing all the
     board meetings and general meetings), and in his absence, another Director of the Company will be chosen to chair such
     meetings pursuant to the Company’s Articles. He is also responsible for the overall business strategy of the Group. The
     Chief Executive Officer of the Company, Ms. CHAN Yuen Shan Clara, is responsible for proposing strategies to the Board
     and implementing the strategies and policies laid down by the Board. She also leads the management in the development
     and daily operations of the Group.

20   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Corporate Governance Report




NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

A Non-executive Director of the Company entered into appointment letters with the Company for a term of two years with
expiry on 3 October 2024. All Independent Non-executive Directors entered into appointment letters with the Company
for a term of two years with expiry on 31 March 2026, 15 June 2026 and 3 October 2024 respectively.


BOARD COMMITTEES

Remuneration Committee

The Company established the Remuneration Committee on 15 September 2006 with written terms of reference. The
primary duties of the Remuneration Committee includes reviewing the terms of remuneration packages and determining
the award of bonuses. The Remuneration Committee has three members comprising of Mr. CHAN Pak Chung, Mr. HO Kwai
Ching Mark and Mr. TAI Lun Paul, two of whom are Independent Non-executive Directors. The Remuneration Committee
is chaired by Mr. HO Kwai Ching Mark and discharged its duties by reviewing the remuneration policy and procedure to
develop remuneration policy, approving/recommending the remuneration packages (including bonus) of Directors and the
Senior Management with reference to various benchmarks during the financial year. The remuneration to Directors is set
out in note 29 to the Financial Statements.


Nomination Committee and Diversity

The Company established the Nomination Committee on 15 September 2006 with written terms of reference. The
Nomination Committee is mainly responsible for making recommendations to the Board on the appointment of Directors
and the management of the Board succession. The Nomination Committee has three members comprising of Mr. CHAN
Pak Chung, Mr. TAI Lun Paul and Mr. WONG Kam Fai William, two of whom are Independent Non-Executive Directors. The
Nomination Committee is chaired by Mr. CHAN Pak Chung and discharged its duties.

The Company adopted a nomination policy to set out the general principles (namely, competency, fairness, responsibility
and compliance) and process to identify and evaluate any candidate for the directorship selection through considering a
variety of factors, such as, minimum requirements (i.e., character, integrity, commitment, background, etc.), contribution
from experience, skills, and ability that will be brought to the Board and the Company, board composition, compliance
with diversity policy, potential conflict of interest. The nomination may be made by a referral or through a search firm/
management at the request of the Nomination Committee or shareholder(s) in accordance with the Company’s Articles of
Association. Upon verifying by the Secretary of the Company the qualifications of nominated candidate(s), the Nomination
Committee will evaluate and select the candidate(s) with recommendation to the Board for consideration.

During the Financial Year, the Nomination Committee reviewed the Company’s diversity policy and the measurable
objective adopted by the Company. The diversity policy sets out the approach to achieve diversity in the Company’s Board
to ensure the balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspective appropriate to the requirements of the Group’s
business model and specific needs. The Nomination Committee also reviewed the structure, size and the composition of
the Board, assessed independence of INED and retirement of Directors at the Annual General Meeting with reference to
the Company’s applicable policies, nomination policy (including nomination procedures and process) and considered the
succession plan.



                                                                         LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024    21
     Corporate Governance Report




     The Company recognizes the benefits of diversity and believes that diversity can be achieved through consideration
     of several factors, such as, gender, age, cultural background, educational background, professional experience, skills,
     knowledge and/or length of service. With Nomination Committee’s review and reporting, the Board considered that
     the measurable objects were achieved with reference to the board composition about the gender, age and directors’
     background against the business model and strategic direction:

     •     female and male board members representing around 25% and 75% of the total number of the Directors

     •     average age of the Directors was within the target range

     •     Non-executive Directors represent at least 1/3 of the total number of Directors

     Along with the long corporate culture about diversity, the Group recruits and promotes staff based on various factors,
     such as ability, expertise, skills and integrity. In view of female and male staff of around 50:50 ratio for years (including the
     financial year), it was considered not necessary to set specific target of gender diversity for the group.

     The Board also reviewed the mechanism to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board during the
     Financial Year.


     Corporate Governance Committee

     The Company established the Corporate Governance Committee on 23 March 2012 with written terms of reference. The
     Corporate Governance Committee is mainly responsible for reviewing and monitoring corporate governance issues. The
     Corporate Governance Committee has four members comprising of Mr. CHAN Pak Chung (Chairman of the Board), Ms.
     CHAN Yuen Shan Clara (Vice Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer), Mr. CHUNG Wai Kwok (Non-executive
     Director), Mr. CHEUK Wa Pang (Chief Financial Officer) and LEE King On (Company Secretary). It is chaired by Mr. CHAN
     Pak Chung and discharged its duties by reviewing and recommending the group’s overall corporate governance covering
     policies, code of conduct, training records of directors during the financial year. The Group has also adopted Compliance
     Policy for Corporate Governance and Inside Information/Notifiable Transaction (the “Compliance Policy”). Such policy
     has set out the process for handling of potential inside information/notifiable transaction and reporting channel. Being
     part of continuous improvement, the Corporate Governance Committee also continued to strengthen the program to
     enhance staff’s awareness to the importance of corporate governance and compliance, such as trainings, set and review
     the compliance reporting from subsidiaries and departments during the Financial Year. It also reviewed the policies and
     codes regarding corporate governance, such as the Compliance Policy, the Group’s Code of Conduct, the contents of the
     Corporate Governance Report and take action (including recommendation of adoption/amendment of various policies/
     code) to comply with the latest amendments of the Listing Rules.




22   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Corporate Governance Report




Audit Committee

The Company established the Audit Committee on 15 September 2006 with written terms of reference in compliance
with the CG Code. The primary duties of the Audit Committee include reviewing and supervising the financial reporting
processes, risk management and the internal control systems of the Group. The Audit Committee comprises Mr. HO Kwai
Ching Mark, who is the Chairman, Mr. TAI Lun Paul and Mr. WONG Kam Fai William, all of whom are Independent Non-
executive Directors. The Group has also adopted Whistleblowing Policies so that employees and external parties could via
such established channel directly report to the designated persons or Audit Committee of any possible improprieties of
the Group. During the financial year, the Audit Committee discharged its duties by reviewing financial matters (including
annual results, interim results and financial statements), risk management (including the relevant policy, framework and
annual review with appropriate opinion) and internal control (including selection of independent internal auditor and
discussing the review scope) as well as discussing matters with the management and the auditor of the Company, and
making recommendations to the Board.


PREPARATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing consolidated financial statements of the Group for the
year (the “Financial Statements”) which is prepared on a going concern basis whose details are set out in the Financial
Statements. The auditor of the Company also set out their reporting responsibilities on the Financial Statements in its
Independent Auditor’s Report of the annual report.


AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION

The remuneration of the audit services rendered by the auditor of the Company were mutually agreed in view of the
scope of services. The fee for audit services (including annual audit and interim review) during the year was HK$2,120,000
for annual audit. The non-audit service fee was HK$543,000 during the Financial Year. The aggregate fee amounted to
approximately HK$2,663,000.


ATTENDANCE OF DIRECTORS AND COMMITTEE MEMBERS

The following tables summarise the attendance of individual Director(s) and committee member(s) in the Financial Year:

                                                                            Audit      Remuneration         Nomination
 Name of Director                                          Board        Committee        Committee          Committee


 Mr. CHAN Pak Chung                                           6/6                 –                3/3                3/3
 Ms. CHAN Yuen Shan Clara                                     6/6                 –                  –                  –
 Mr. CHAN Ka Chun Patrick                                     6/6                 –                  –                  –
 Ms. OKUSAKO CHAN Pui Shan Lillian                            6/6                 –                  –                  –
 Mr. CHUNG Wai Kwok Jimmy                                     6/6                 –                  –                  –
 Mr. HO Kwai Ching Mark                                       6/6               2/2                3/3                  –
 Mr. TAI Lun Paul                                             6/6               2/2                3/3                3/3
 Mr. WONG Kam Fai William                                     6/6               2/2                  –                3/3



                                                                          LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024   23
     Corporate Governance Report




     All Directors then attended the 2023 annual general meeting of the Company.


     RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

     The Board acknowledges its responsibility for overseeing the risk management and internal control systems and reviewing
     their effectiveness annually. The Board with the assistance of its committees (including Audit Committee and Corporate
     Governance Committee) and the management team (comprising CEO, CFO and COO) fulfills its oversight and corporate
     governance roles in the Group’s financial, operational, compliance, risk management, internal control and the adequacy
     of resources on the finance reporting function on an ongoing basis. There is an annual review on both risk management
     and internal control systems. The Group has also adopted (and/or enhanced) policies and procedures to improve the
     effectiveness of risk management and internal control from time to time as necessary. However, such systems/policies are
     designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives and can only provide reasonable
     and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.

     The Company engages an external independent professional firm to review the internal control of the Group with
     an agreed internal audit plan before starting the yearly review. The review is mainly to determine if the key internal
     controls are in place and in compliance with the Group’s requirement/policy. It conducts reviews on internal control
     areas annually and by rotation on different areas of the Group. After the review, the professional firm will issue a report
     to the Board on its findings (by sampling of checking transactions and documentation) with corresponding risk rating
     and the recommendation after communication with the management. The Audit Committee and the Board review the
     recommendations regularly to ensure implementation, particularly in relation to material defects (if any). During the
     Financial Year, no material control failures were identified and the necessary actions are being implemented to enhance
     the internal control of the Group, both the Audit Committee and the Board are satisfied with the results and concluded
     that the Group’s internal control system is sound and effective.

     During the Financial Year, the Risk Management Working Committee (comprising CEO, CFO, COO) worked closely to
     enhance the risk management system and reported it to the Audit Committee. The Group has classified two categories of
     risk, namely Material Risk and Operational Risk.


     Material Risk

     The risk management system was designed, implemented and monitored with a structured approach starting from
     evaluating the risks the Group faces against goals to achieve:

     (1)   risk appetite – addressing, formalising and reaching internal consensus on its risk appetite to consider the amount
           of risk that is proportionate to achieve its stated goals. In assessing this issue, the Group used the template of the
           Treadway Commission (COSO) and other applicable methodology.

     (2)   managing risk – review of the risks that it faces and model them with scenario analysis. Trigger points that may
           cause the Group to reevaluate the operations and risk management measures were identified. It forms the basis of
           risk register (Note), which systematically considers all the risks being faced with priorities and takes the appropriate
           action to manage them.




24   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Corporate Governance Report




      Note: The risk register constantly monitors commodity markets, financial markets and economic indicators with benchmarking the orders,
            transactions to the appropriate underlying market price and to each other which allows the Group to put in place frameworks
            for the management of risk. The register consists of a description of the key risks faced by the Group and an assessment of the
            likelihood of those risks occurring and their likely impact. It also establishes ownership of those risks and outlines the significant
            risks, monitors performance in managing significant risks, makes it possible to identify new emerging risks and reassures
            stakeholders that effective controls are in place to manage significant risks. However, the risk register is not in the public domain.


(3)   risk defense – each individual department head is accountable for specific risk management objectives with three
      lines of defense principle to ensure prompt and appropriate response to the risks with ongoing monitoring according
      to the risk register. The delegated persons working on risk management have the necessary qualifications and
      experience/training to understand the risks and the actions that may be taken to mitigate them where necessary.
      The Board compiles and updates a list of all the risks it faces by listing Key Risk Indicators and prioritises those
      risks with decisions on the parameters for taking action (or no immediate action because the risk falls within the
      boundaries set by the risk appetite). One of the methodologies to determine the priorities is to measure the risk
      based on the likelihood of an adverse event happening or a loss occurring and to combine these calculations with a
      consideration of the impact of such a loss or event. In order to avoid compounding errors or inaccuracies over time,
      the methodologies are reviewed regularly.

Among the risks faced by the Group, the risks currently considered material and the most acute are: commodity price risk,
currency risk, volume risk, credit risk, liquidity risk, cyber risk and climate risk.

1.    For commodity price and volume risks, the Group has used stress-testing analysis but recognises that while such
      exercises support risk mitigation activities they cannot offer absolute reassurance where the ongoing monitoring of
      threats is essential. Analysis has been granular and has clarified the risk emanating from the following scenarios:

•     Volatility of the prices of mainly zinc

•     Currency movements

•     Changes in interest rates and liquidity

The Group has considered a wider range of products to mitigate risk, where necessary, including futures, options and
OTC contracts. When considering volume risk and the possible solution of geographical expansion, the Group analysed
its existing business and identified areas which could both complement and support these operations, allowing us to be
clear about the level of risk to be taken in order to increase business. It conducted at the time of major investment a
comprehensive risk/reward analysis, assessing the trends in consumption, competitive presence and barriers to entry,
before focusing on the areas it is believed the Company can offer the greatest potential rewards within an acceptable risk
framework.

2.    Details of currency risk (ie foreign exchange risk), credit risk and liquidity risk are set out in note 3 to the consolidated
      financial statements. The Group manages such risks with a combination of hedges to lock in advantageous rates
      when possible and assigning special teams to handle the situation with close monitoring and regular reporting.




                                                                                       LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024              25
     Corporate Governance Report




     3.    Cyber risk is different from many other financial and operational risks in that it evolves and changes very quickly. The
           Group’s approach, therefore, is to anticipate as well as mitigate by putting considerable effort into keeping abreast
           of current and future threats by attending seminars and training courses. The Group engages an independent
           professional firm to conduct an assessment of the Group’s cyber security to evaluate the risk from different
           areas and make the recommendations to improvement. During the Financial Year, the Group implemented the
           recommendations with the support from the professional firm to improve the protection against cyber risk. As with
           all risk management policies, awareness of cyber risk is embedded in the corporate culture.

     4      Climate risk is classified as the Group’s material risk and evaluated from the impact of physical risk and transition
           risk. The Senior Management was involved in managing such risk with objective to reduce the impact from climate
           change.


     Operational Risk

     Apart from the material risks above, other risks emanating from the daily operation are monitored under the ISO
     system. This system applied the concept and requirements of “Risk-based thinking” and “Actions to address risks and
     opportunities” whose details can be consulted in ISO9001:2015 section 0.3.3 and section 6.1 respectively. Accordingly,
     the Group followed ISO’s methodology to determine and take necessary actions to risks. The Group has gone through a
     systematic process to create a risk register (not in the public domain):

     (1)   Identification of risk – the Management Representative designated under the ISO system and related operational
           process owners (usually department head) identify and recognize the risks that may affect the operations.

     (2)   Analysis of risk – once the risks are identified, the Severity of Effect (S) and Probability of Occurrence (O) of each risk
           are analyzed and determined by the operational process owners.

     (3)   Scoring of risk – the risk magnitude can be represented by the Score of Risk which is the multiple of Severity of Effect
           (S) and Probability of Occurrence (O) (ie., Score = S x O).

     (4)   Action to the risk – the risks are classified into High Risk, Medium Risk and Low Risk based on the score of each risk.
           Action Plans are provided to mitigate the risks which are scored as High Risk and Medium Risk. A Risk Register with
           detailed risks and action plan is maintained by the Management Representative.

     (5)   Monitor and Review of the risk – the risks are monitored and reviewed by the operational process owners and the
           Management Representative from time to time. The operational process owners shall revise the Risk Register if there
           is any change or necessity to revise the Risk Register. The overall operation of the Risk Management for Operations is
           reported to the Group’s COO in monthly meeting and annual Management Review Meeting.

     During the Financial Year, both the Audit Committee and the Board are satisfied with the Group’s risk management system
     and concluded that it is effective and adequate. They are not aware of any areas of concern that would have an immediate
     material impact on the financial and operations of the Group.




26   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Corporate Governance Report




ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE

The report of Environmental, Social and Governance of the Group is available at the HKEXnews website of Hong Kong
Exchanges and Clearing Limited (www.hkexnews.hk) and Company’s website (www.leekeegroup.com).


SHAREHOLDERS RIGHTS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS

The Company adopted a Shareholders Communication Policy to provide the shareholders of the company (the
“Shareholders”) with ready, equal and timely access to the information about the Company to ensure that the
Shareholders have the ability to exercise their rights in an informed manner, and to allow the Shareholders to engage
actively with the Company. All the Shareholders have the right to attend and vote at the general meetings and can convene
an extraordinary general meeting pursuant to Article 79 of the Company’s Articles of Association. Prior to proposing a
resolution at the general meeting, the Shareholders should submit the proposed resolution to the Company Secretary
via email to ir@leekeegroup.com with the details. The Board welcomes opinions and questions from the Shareholders
who may at any time send their enquiries and concerns to the Board by addressing them to Company Secretary by post
to No. 16 Dai Fat Street, Tai Po Industrial Estate, New Territories, Hong Kong or by email to ir@leekeegroup.com. In
addition, the Group maintains its own website at which the Shareholders can access for the Company’s information and for
communication with the Company. The Shareholders are encouraged to provide their email address(es) to the Company
for further communication. During the year, designated staff were required to check the function of various channels and
monitor enquiry from shareholders to ensure timely reply. The Board was reported of the check and monitor findings
during the financial year and considered the Shareholders Communication policy was implemented effectively.

The Company has adopted its dividend policy to set out the principles as a reference to determine the dividend
distribution. The Board will consider paying dividend only from consolidated profits and company reserves lawfully
available for distribution and take into account of various factors, such as, market, macroeconomic conditions, operating
results, financial conditions, future operating and capital requirements of the Group. There is no assurance that a dividend
of any amount will be declared or distributed in any year.

There are no significant changed in the Company’s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
during the Financial Year. However, the Company will propose an amendment to Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting with details on the Company’s announcement
published on 24 May 2024 and the relevant circular to be issued to the shareholders of the Company.


COMPANY SECRETARY

The Company Secretary is an employee of the Company and is appointed by the Board of Directors. In compliance with
Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules, the Company Secretary undertakes no less than 15 hours of relevant professional training
annually.


SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Based on the information that is publicly available and within the knowledge of the Directors, the Company maintained
sufficient public float for the financial year.



                                                                          LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024     27
     Report of the Directors



     The Directors are pleased to present their report along with the audited consolidated financial statements of Lee Kee
     Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together the “Group”) for the year ended 31 March 2024 (the
     “Financial Year”).


     PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND SEGMENT ANALYSIS OF OPERATIONS

     The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The principal activities of the Group are trading of zinc,
     zinc alloy, nickel, nickel-related products, aluminium, aluminium alloy, stainless steel and other electroplating chemical
     products, provision of metal testing and consultancy services, as well as alloy production in Hong Kong and Mainland China.

     The activities of the subsidiaries are set out in note 25 to the financial statements. An analysis of the Group’s performance
     for the year by operating segment is set out in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements.


     RESULTS AND APPROPRIATIONS

     The directors do not recommend the payment of final dividend for the year ended 31 March 2024.

     The results of the Group for the year are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss on page 40.


     CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS

     For the purpose of ascertaining shareholders’ entitlement to attend and vote at the AGM, the Register of Members of the
     Company (the “Register of Members”) will be closed from Thursday, 22 August 2024 to Tuesday, 27 August 2024, both
     days inclusive, during which period no transfers of shares will be effected. In order to qualify for voting at the forthcoming
     AGM, all transfers, accompanied by the relevant share certificates, must be lodged with the Company’s Hong Kong Branch
     Share Registrar and Transfer Office, Tricor Investor Services Limited at 17/F., Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road,
     Admiralty, Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Wednesday, 21 August 2024.


     DONATIONS

     Charitable and other donations made by the Group during the year amounted to approximately HK$196,000.


     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

     Details of the movements of property, plant and equipment of the Group are set out in note 14 to the consolidated
     financial statements.


     SHARE CAPITAL

     Details of the share capital of the Company are set out in note 19 to the consolidated financial statements. There were no
     movements during the Financial Year.




28   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Report of the Directors




DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

Distributable reserves of the Company at 31 March 2024 amounted to approximately HK$729,723,000.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s Amended and Restated Articles of Association and there
was no restriction against such rights under the laws of the Cayman Islands, which would oblige the Company to offer new
shares on a prorata basis to existing shareholders.


FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is set out on page 10.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF SECURITIES

Neither the Company nor its subsidiaries has purchased or sold any of the Company’s shares during the Financial Year.


SHARE OPTIONS

The Company’s Pre-IPO share option scheme (the “Pre-IPO Scheme”) and the share option scheme (the “Share Option
Scheme”) adopted pursuant to the written resolutions of the shareholder of the Company passed on 15 September 2006
were lapsed. Share options granted under the Pre-IPO Scheme were all lapsed in prior years. No options have been granted
under the Share Option Scheme since the adoption date on 15 September 2006 and up to the lapse of the scheme. There
is no adoption of other share option schemes.


DIRECTORS

The Directors during the Financial Year and up to the date of this report were:


Executive Directors

Mr. CHAN Pak Chung (Chairman)
Ms. CHAN Yuen Shan Clara
Mr. CHAN Ka Chun Patrick
Ms. OKUSAKO CHAN Pui Shan Lillian


Non-executive Directors

Mr. CHUNG Wai Kwok Jimmy




                                                                             LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024      29
     Report of the Directors




     Independent Non-executive Directors

     Mr. HO Kwai Ching Mark
     Mr. TAI Lun Paul
     Mr. WONG Kam Fai William

     In accordance with Article 130 of the Amended and Restated Articles of Association of the Company, Mr. CHAN Pak Chung,
     Mr. CHUNG Wai Kwok Jimmy and Mr. HO Kwai Ching Mark shall retire and being eligible, offer themselves for re-election at
     the forthcoming annual general meeting.


     DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS

     None of the directors who are proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting has a service contract
     with the Company which is determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation, other than
     statutory compensation.


     DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS

     No contracts of significance in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company, any of its fellow subsidiaries or its
     parent company was a party and in which a director of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly,
     subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the Financial Year.


     BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

     Brief biographical details of Directors and the Senior Management are set out on page 16 of the Annual Report.




30   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Report of the Directors




Directors’ and Chief Executives’ interests and/or Short Positions in the Shares, Underlying Shares and
Debentures of the Company and its Associated corporations

At 31 March 2024, the interests and short positions of each Director and Chief Executive in the shares, underlying shares
and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of the Securities and Futures
Ordinance (“SFO”)), as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 352 of Part XV of
the SFO or as notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange under Division 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO or required
pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Companies were as follows:

1.    Long Position in Shares of the Company

                                                                                                     Number of                 Approximate
                                                                                                 Shares in which              percentage of
       Name of Director                                   Capacity                                    interested               issues Shares


       Mr. CHAN Pak Chung (Note 1)                        Founder of a discretionary                  600,000,000                        72.40
                                                            trust
       Ms. CHAN Yuen Shan Clara (Note 2)                  Beneficiary of a trust                      600,000,000                        72.40
       Mr. CHAN Ka Chun Patrick (Note 2)                  Beneficiary of a trust                      600,000,000                        72.40
       Ms. OKUSAKO CHAN Pui Shan Lillian                  Beneficiary of a trust                      600,000,000                        72.40
        (Note 2)
       Mr. HO Kwai Ching Mark (Note 3)                    Interest held by spouse                            50,000                      0.006

      Notes:

      1.       The 600,000,000 Shares are held by Gold Alliance Global Services Limited (“GAGSL”) whose entire share capital is held by Gold
               Alliance International Management Limited (“GAIML”), which is in turn held by HSBC International Trustee Limited (“HSBC Trustee”)
               acting as the trustee of the P.C. CHAN Family Trust. The P.C. CHAN Family Trust is an irrevocable discretionary trust set up by Mr.
               CHAN Pak Chung as settlor and HSBC Trustee as trustee on 6 March 2006. The discretionary objects of which include Ms. MA Siu
               Tao and the other family members of Mr. CHAN Pak Chung. Mr. CHAN Pak Chung is the settlor of the P.C. CHAN Family Trust and is
               deemed to be interested in the 600,000,000 Shares held by GAGSL under the SFO.

      2.       Ms. CHAN Yuen Shan Clara, Mr. CHAN Ka Chun Patrick and Ms. OKUSAKO CHAN Pui Shan Lillian (all of them being family members
               of Mr. CHAN Pak Chung and Executive Directors) are deemed to be interested in the 600,000,000 Shares held by GAGSL as they are
               one of the discretionary objects under the P.C. CHAN Family Trust under the SFO.

      3.       Mr. HO Kwai Ching Mark is deemed to be interested in the 50,000 Shares held by his spouse.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 March 2024, none of the Directors and Chief Executives (including their spouse and
children under 18 years of age) had any interest or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares in, or debentures of,
the Company or its associated corporation required to be disclosed pursuant to the SFO.


Substantial Shareholders’ Interests and/or Short Positions in the Shares, Underlying Shares of the Company

The register of substantial shareholders required to be kept under section 336 of Part XV of the SFO shows that as at 31
March 2024, the Company had been notified of the following substantial shareholders’ interests and short positions, being
5% or more of the Company’s issued share capital. These interests are in addition to those disclosed above in respect of
the Directors and Chief Executive.


                                                                                        LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024             31
     Report of the Directors




     Long Position in the Shares of the Company

                                                                                                           Number of                 Approximate
                                                                                                       Shares in which              percentage of
      Name                                             Capacity                                             interested              issued Shares


      Ms. MA Siu Tao (Note a)                          Family interest                                      600,000,000                        72.40
      Gold Alliance Global Services                    Registered owner                                     600,000,000                        72.40
        Limited (Note b)
      Gold Alliance International                      Interest of controlled corporation                   600,000,000                        72.40
        Management Limited (Note b)
      HSBC International Trustee Limited               Trustee                                              600,000,000                        72.40
        (Note b)

     Note:

     a.      Ms. MA Siu Tao, the spouse of Mr. CHAN Pak Chung and one of the discretionary objects under the P.C. CHAN Family Trust, is deemed to
             be interested in the 600,000,000 Shares held by GAGSL under the SFO.

     b.      The entire share capital of GAGSL is held by GAIML, which is in turn held by HSBC Trustee acting as the trustee of the P.C. CHAN Family
             Trust. The P.C. CHAN Family Trust is an irrevocable discretionary trust set up by Mr. CHAN Pak Chung as settlor and HSBC Trustee as trustee
             on 6 March 2006. The discretionary objects of which include Ms. MA Siu Tao and other family members of Mr. CHAN Pak Chung.


     Saved as disclosed above, at 31 March 2024, no person, other than the Directors and Chief Executives (including their
     spouse and children under 18 years of age) had any interest or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares of the
     Company recorded in the register to be kept under section 336 of the SFO.


     Other Persons’ Interests and/or Short Positions in the Shares, Underlying Shares of the Company

     As at 31 March 2024, no other persons had any interest or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares of the
     Company recorded in the register to be kept under the SFO.


     BUSINESS REVIEW AND DISCLOSURE OF ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION

     The business review and environmental protection sections are set out in the sections headed “Management Discussion
     and Analysis” of this Annual Report and the ESG Report respectively.

     The ESG Report is published on the Company’s website which could be viewed at www.leekeegroup.com for details. Such
     report has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting
     Guide, Appendix C2 (“ESG Reporting Guide”) to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
     Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”). The scope of the ESG report includes operations in Greater China (ie., offices,
     warehouses, production plant and laboratory) and Southeast Asia (ie., offices). It provides an overview of Lee Kee Group’s
     ESG policies and management approach and presents its sustainability initiatives and performance for the Financial Year.
     The Group was recognised through various awards and certificates for caring community services and environmental
     protection.




32   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Report of the Directors




The Group has adopted its own Environmental Policy and is committed to minimising any negative impacts arising from
the operations and raising environmental awareness among the staff and stakeholders. In addition to the Environmental
Policy, the Group incorporated environmental protection guidelines, requirements, and measures to reduce resource
consumption in daily operations. The Group constantly searches for opportunities to improve environmental performance
throughout our business. Within environmental management system framework, an Environmental Aspects Identification
and Assessment is performed regularly and respective control and measurement activities are carried out. Since 2015, the
Group has involved in the Environment Protection Department’s Carbon Footprint Repository and Carbon Audit Green
Partner programme. The Group engages a qualified third-party consultant annually to conduct air quality assessments, and
the results from the test reports are deemed satisfactory.

Certain laws and regulations are considered the most relevant to the Group. For example, in Hong Kong, there are Listing
Rules, Employment Ordinance (Cap 57), Minimum Wage Ordinance (Cap. 608), MPF Ordinance (Cap. 485), Personal Data
(Privacy) Ordinance (Cap. 486), Sex Discrimination Ordinance (Cap. 480), Disability Discrimination Ordinance (Cap. 487),
Family Status Discrimination Ordinance (Cap. 527), Race Discrimination Ordinance (Cap. 602), Inland Revenue Ordinance
(Cap. 112), Occupational Safety and Health Ordinance (Cap. 509), Noise Control Ordinance (Cap. 400) and Waste Disposal
(Chemical Waste) (General) Regulation. In the Mainland, there are Labor Contract Law, Environmental Protection Law,
and Suppression of Corruption Regulation. There was no reporting case of any non-compliance of such relevant laws and
regulations that caused material impact during the Financial Year. Not merely compliance to laws but more, the Group
recognizes the importance of staff and is dedicated to offering a supportive, safe and harmonious working environment
to them. A Safety Committee was established to ensure safe workplace and implemented ISO 45001:2018 Safety
Management System to mitigate and control occupational health and safety hazards in the operations. The Group also
established open communication channels between staff and management, such as, encouraging direct communication by
putting in place a CEO mailbox, organizing various recreational activities to enhance out of office relationship.

Other than staff, the Group also seeks to foster positive relationship with our suppliers and customers, and respond in
a timely manner to address their concerns and expectations. To demonstrate the commitment to quality standards, the
Group has adopted the international ISO 9001:2015 Quality Management Systems and IATF 16949:2016 Automotive
Quality Management System standards, and products also comply with international standards for regulating product
specifications. To demonstrate the environmental responsibility, the Group recognises the opportunity to extend
sustainability considerations across our supply chain. The Group’s requirements are stipulated in relevant guidelines
and documents, such as the Environmental Agreement and Safety Agreement, which are distributed to suppliers and
contractors. All suppliers and contractors are required to comply with all local environmental, employment and safety
regulations.




                                                                         LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024   33
     Report of the Directors




     MAJOR SUPPLIERS AND CUSTOMERS

     During the Financial Year, the Group sold approximately 14.5% of its goods to its five largest customers. The percentage of
     purchases for the Financial Year attributable to the Group’s major suppliers is as follows:



      Purchases


      – the largest supplier                                                                                             17.5%
      – five largest suppliers combined                                                                                  51.2%

     None of the Directors, their associates or any shareholder (which to the knowledge of the Directors owns more than 5% of
     the Company’s share capital) had an interest in these major suppliers or customers.


     MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

     No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
     Company were entered into or existed during the Financial Year.


     DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13.51 OF THE LISTING RULES

     The monthly salary (including basic salary, statutory mandatory provident fund contribution and other allowances, if any)
     of Ms. CHAN Yuen Shan Clara, Mr. CHAN Ka Chun Patrick and Ms. OKUSAKO CHAN Pui Shan Lillian were revised effect from
     1 April 2024 from HK$267,690 to HK$271,680, from HK$137,360 to HK$139,400 and from HK$141,820 to HK$143,930
     respectively.


     PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISIONS

     A permitted indemnity provision for the benefit of the Directors is currently in force and was in force throughout the
     Financial Year. The Company has taken out Directors’ and Officers’ insurance to cover the liability incurred by directors and
     officers in the execution and discharge of their duties, or in relation thereto.


     AUDITORS

     A resolution for the re-appointment of KPMG as auditors of the Company is to be proposed at the forthcoming annual
     general meeting of the Company.

     On behalf of the Board of Directors




     CHAN Pak Chung
     Chairman

     Hong Kong, 24 May 2024


34   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Independent Auditor’s Report




Independent auditor’s report
to the shareholders of Lee Kee Holdings Limited
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


OPINION

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Lee Kee Holdings Limited (“the Company”) and its subsidiaries
(“the Group”) set out on pages 40 to 104, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 March
2024, the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then
ended and notes, comprising material accounting policy information and other explanatory information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of
the Group as at 31 March 2024 and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year
then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of
Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements
of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the
consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s
Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the Code”), together with any ethical requirements that are relevant to our
audit of the consolidated financial statements in the Cayman Islands, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities
in accordance with these requirements and the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient
and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


KEY AUDIT MATTER

Key audit matter is the matter that, in our professional judgement, was of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. This matter was addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
opinion on this matter.




                                                                           LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024      35
     Independent Auditor’s Report




     KEY AUDIT MATTER (Continued)

      Valuation of inventories

      Refer to note 16 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policy note 2(k).

      The Key Audit Matter                                            How the matter was addressed in our audit
      The principal activity of the Group is the trading of           Our audit procedures to assess the valuation of
      commodities, principally zinc, zinc alloys and other metal      inventories included the following:
      products, in Hong Kong and Mainland China.
                                                                      •      obtaining an understanding of and assessing the
      At 31 March 2024, the Group held inventories, which                    design and implementation of management’s key
      mainly comprised zinc alloys and other metals, in Hong                 internal controls over the processes for assessing
      Kong and the Mainland China with an aggregate carrying                 provisions for inventories;
      amount of HK$179 million which included provisions of
      HK$5 million.                                                   •      comparing the purchase prices of inventories with
                                                                             supplier invoices, on a sample basis;
      Inventories are valued at the lower of cost and net
      realisable value. The Group maintains its inventory levels      •      comparing, on a sample basis, the actual selling
      based on forecast demand and expected future metal                     prices achieved during the current year with
      prices.                                                                the estimated selling prices of the respective
                                                                             inventories at the end of the previous financial
      The purchase and selling prices of the Group’s inventories             year to assess the historical accuracy of
      are mainly determined with reference to the primary                    management’s estimating process and whether
      metal market prices publicly available on the London                   there were any indications of management bias;
      Metal Exchange (“LME”) or Shanghai Futures Exchange
      (“SHFE”) at the time when purchases and sales orders            •      assessing the classification of inventory items in
      are confirmed with suppliers and customers respectively.               the inventory ageing report by comparing a sample
      Any drop in the LME or SHFE metal prices may result in                 of individual items with goods receipt records and
      the selling prices of certain inventories falling below their          other relevant underlying documentation;
      purchase costs.
                                                                      •      comparing the carrying value of a sample of
      Management assesses the level of provisions for                        inventory items at the reporting date with their
      inventories required at each reporting date after                      subsequent selling prices achieved after the
      considering the prevailing commodity prices. This                      reporting date;
      assessment involves significant management judgement
      and estimation.                                                 •      assessing the reasonableness of the estimated
                                                                             selling price with reference to market prices at
      We identified valuation of inventories as a key audit                  the reporting date and historical gross margins
      matter because the Group held significant inventories at               achieved; and
      the reporting date and because of the significant degree
      of management judgement and estimation involved in              •      recalculating the provisions for inventories at the
      evaluating the provisions for inventories, particularly in             reporting date based on management’s estimated
      respect of estimating future selling prices.                           selling prices of the respective inventories at the
                                                                             reporting date.




36   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Independent Auditor’s Report




INFORMATION OTHER THAN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND AUDITOR’S
REPORT THEREON

The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all the information included in
the annual report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we
are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in
accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance
and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.

The directors are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s financial
reporting process.




                                                                           LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024    37
     Independent Auditor’s Report




     AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are
     free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion.
     This report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept
     liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

     Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs
     will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
     material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users
     taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

     As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism
     throughout the audit. We also:

     •     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
           or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
           and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from
           fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
           misrepresentations or the override of internal control.

     •     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
           appropriate in the circumstances but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
           Group’s internal control.

     •     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
           related disclosures made by the directors.

     •     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
           the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
           significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
           exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated
           financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the
           audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the
           Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

     •     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
           disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
           manner that achieves fair presentation.




38   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Independent Auditor’s Report




AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)

•     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
      within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the
      direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit
and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought
to bear on our independence and, where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance
in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We
describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or
when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because
the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such
communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Tsui Kin Wa.




KPMG
Certified Public Accountants

8th Floor, Prince’s Building
10 Chater Road
Central, Hong Kong

24 May 2024




                                                                            LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024    39
     Consolidated statement of profit or loss
     for the year ended 31 March 2024 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                                                  2024                  2023
                                                                          Note                   $’000                 $’000
      Revenue                                                               5               1,699,491             2,204,673

      Cost of sales                                                                        (1,631,819)            (2,127,327)
      Gross profit                                                                              67,672                77,346

      Other income                                                          6                   12,075                12,809
      Distribution and selling expenses                                                        (23,294)              (27,394)
      Administrative expenses                                                                  (86,383)              (88,650)
      Other net losses                                                      7                  (18,133)               (4,618)
      Loss from operations                                                  8                  (48,063)              (30,507)
      Finance income                                                                             2,664                 1,237
      Finance costs                                                                               (407)               (5,878)
      Net finance income/(costs)                                            9                    2,257                (4,641)
      Loss before taxation                                                                     (45,806)              (35,148)

      Income tax                                                           11                   (4,044)               (9,445)
      Loss for the year                                                                        (49,850)              (44,593)
      Attributable to:

         Equity shareholders of the Company                                                    (49,694)              (44,469)
         Non-controlling interests                                                                (156)                 (124)
      Loss for the year                                                                        (49,850)              (44,593)
      Loss per share

      Basic and diluted (Hong Kong cents)                                  12                    (6.00)                 (5.37)




     The notes on pages 46 to 104 form part of these financial statements. Details of dividends payable to equity shareholders
     of the Company attributable to the profit for the year are set out in note 13.

40   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Consolidated statement of profit or loss and
other comprehensive income
for the year ended 31 March 2024 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                                           2024                  2023
                                                                                          $’000                 $’000
 Loss for the year                                                                      (49,850)              (44,593)


 Other comprehensive income for the year:

 Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
 Revaluation of financial assets at fair value through other
    comprehensive income, net of nil tax                                                 (1,634)               (4,357)
 Remeasurement of employee retirement benefit obligations                                 1,593                     –
 Surplus on revaluation of land and building held for own use                                 –                31,416
 Tax effect to surplus on revaluation of land and building held
    for own use                                                                                –               (5,183)

 Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
 Exchange differences on translation of financial statements of
    subsidiaries outside Hong Kong, net of nil tax                                      (10,935)              (18,800)
                                                                                        (10,976)                3,076
 Total comprehensive income for the year                                                (60,826)              (41,517)
 Attributable to:

    Equity shareholders of the Company                                                  (60,670)              (41,393)
    Non-controlling interests                                                              (156)                 (124)


 Total comprehensive income for the year                                                (60,826)              (41,517)




The notes on pages 46 to 104 form part of these financial statements.

                                                                        LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024   41
     Consolidated statement of financial position
     at 31 March 2024 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                    2024      2023
                                                          Note     $’000     $’000
      Non-current assets

      Investment properties                               14     118,900   137,900
      Other property, plant and equipment                 14      49,670    33,292
      Intangible assets                                            4,264     4,264
      Financial assets at fair value through other
         comprehensive income                             15       5,238     6,872
      Prepayments                                         17         830    16,010
      Deferred tax assets                                 23       2,703     2,702
                                                                 181,605   201,040
      Current assets

      Inventories                                         16     178,627   279,578
      Trade and other receivables                         17     236,912   222,652
      Tax recoverable                                                439       525
      Derivative financial instruments                             2,000       941
      Cash and cash equivalents                           18     264,579   221,000
                                                                 682,557   724,696
      Current liabilities

      Trade and other payables and contract liabilities   21      23,132    24,896
      Bank borrowings                                     22       5,482     2,750
      Lease liabilities                                   24       2,518     1,864
      Tax payable                                                    666     1,021
      Derivative financial instruments                                43       999
                                                                  31,841    31,530
      Net current assets                                         650,716   693,166
      Total assets less current liabilities                      832,321   894,206




42   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Consolidated statement of financial position
at 31 March 2024 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                                                2024                  2023
                                                                    Note                       $’000                 $’000
 Non-current liabilities

 Lease liabilities                                                      24                     5,781                 5,956
 Employee retirement benefit obligations                                                       3,110                 5,970
 Deferred tax liabilities                                               23                    10,832                 8,856
                                                                                              19,723                20,782
 Net assets                                                                                  812,598               873,424
 Capital and reserves

 Share capital                                                          19                    82,875                82,875
 Reserves                                                               20                   730,037               790,707
 Total equity attributable to equity shareholders
   of the Company                                                                            812,912               873,582

 Non-controlling interests                                                                      (314)                 (158)
 Total equity                                                                                812,598               873,424

The consolidated financial statements on page 40 to 104 were approved by the Board of Directors on 24 May 2024 and
were signed on its behalf.




CHAN Pak Chung                                              CHAN Yuen Shan, Clara
Director                                                    Director




The notes on pages 46 to 104 form part of these financial statements.

                                                                             LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024   43
     Consolidated statement of changes in equity
     for the year ended 31 March 2024 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                              Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                                                           Fair value
                                                                               Capital                       reserve                      Property                                Non-
                                              Share       Share    Merger redemption          Reserve           (non-     Exchange     revaluation   Retained               controlling     Total
                                             capital   premium     reserve    reserve            fund      recycling)       reserve        reserve     profits     Total      interests    equity
                                              $’000       $’000      $’000      $’000           $’000           $’000         $’000          $’000      $’000      $’000         $’000      $’000
      Balance at 1 April 2022                82,875     416,557    (17,830)        125          6,958          6,201          7,937        15,358     405,082    923,263           (34)   923,229
      Changes in equity for the year ended
        31 March 2023:
      Loss for the year                           –           –          –           –              –              –              –             –     (44,469)   (44,469)         (124)   (44,593)
      Other comprehensive income                  –           –          –           –              –         (4,357)       (18,800)       26,233           –      3,076             –      3,076
      Total comprehensive income                  –           –          –           –              –         (4,357)       (18,800)       26,233     (44,469)   (41,393)         (124)   (41,517)
      Dividend paid in respect of the
        previous year (note 13(b))                –      (8,288)         –           –              –              –               –            –           –     (8,288)            –     (8,288)
      Transfer to reserve fund                    –           –          –           –          1,684              –               –            –      (1,684)         –             –          –
      Balance at 31 March 2023               82,875     408,269    (17,830)        125          8,642          1,844        (10,863)       41,591     358,929    873,582          (158)   873,424


                                                                              Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                                                           Fair value
                                                                               Capital                       reserve                  Property                                    Non-
                                              Share       Share    Merger redemption          Reserve           (non-     Exchange revaluation       Retained               controlling     Total
                                             capital   premium     reserve    reserve            fund      recycling)       reserve    reserve         profits     Total      interests    equity
                                              $’000       $’000      $’000      $’000           $’000           $’000         $’000      $’000          $’000      $’000         $’000      $’000
      Balance at 1 April 2023                82,875     408,269    (17,830)        125          8,642          1,844        (10,863)       41,591     358,929    873,582          (158)   873,424
      Changes in equity for the year ended
        31 March 2024:
      Loss for the year                           –           –          –           –              –              –              –             –     (49,694)   (49,694)         (156)   (49,850)
      Other comprehensive income                  –           –          –           –              –         (1,634)       (10,935)            –       1,593    (10,976)            –    (10,976)
      Total comprehensive income                  –           –          –           –              –         (1,634)       (10,935)            –     (48,101)   (60,670)         (156)   (60,826)
      Balance at 31 March 2024               82,875     408,269    (17,830)        125          8,642            210        (21,798)       41,591     310,828    812,912          (314)   812,598




     The notes on pages 46 to 104 form part of these financial statements.


44   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Consolidated statement of cash flows
for the year ended 31 March 2024 (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)




                                                                                                2024                  2023
                                                                    Note                       $’000                 $’000
 Operating activities

 Net cash generated from operations                                 26(a)                     55,260               203,130
 Interest paid                                                                                  (141)               (5,569)
 Hong Kong Profits Tax refunded/(paid)                                                            42                (1,451)
 Mainland China Corporate Income Tax paid                                                     (2,329)              (10,565)
 Net cash generated from operating activities                                                 52,832               185,545
 Investing activities

 Interest received                                                                             2,664                 1,237
 Proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment           26(b)                         99                    72
 Payment for the acquisition of property, plant and equipment                                 (8,821)              (18,864)
 Payment for the acquisition of intangible assets                                                  –                (1,834)
 Dividend received from listed securities                                                          –                   250
 Net cash used in investing activities                                                        (6,058)              (19,139)
 Financing activities

 Proceeds from new bank borrowings                                  26(c)                      4,232               588,990
 Repayment of bank borrowings                                       26(c)                     (1,500)             (726,945)
 Capital element of lease rentals paid                              26(c)                     (2,405)               (2,305)
 Interest element of lease rentals paid                             26(c)                       (266)                 (309)
 Dividend paid                                                                                     –                (8,288)
 Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities                                           61              (148,857)
 Increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                        46,835                17,549

 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                                          221,000               208,750

 Effect of foreign exchange rates changes                                                     (3,256)               (5,299)
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                           18                   264,579               221,000




The notes on pages 46 to 104 form part of these financial statements.


                                                                             LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024   45
     Notes to the consolidated financial statements
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




     1     GENERAL INFORMATION

           The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 11 November 2005 as an exempted company with limited
           liability under the Companies Law (2004 Revision) of the Cayman Islands. The address of the Company’s registered
           office is 89 Nexus Way, Camana Bay, Grand Cayman, KY1-9009, Cayman Islands.

           The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The principal activities of the Company and its
           subsidiaries (together, the “Group”) are trading of zinc, zinc alloy, nickel, nickel-related products, aluminium,
           aluminium alloy, stainless steel and other electroplating chemical products, provision of metal testing and
           consultancy services as well as alloy production in Hong Kong and Mainland China.

           The Company’s shares are listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock
           Exchange”).

           The consolidated financial statements are presented in thousands of Hong Kong dollars (“HK dollars”), unless
           otherwise stated, and have been approved for issue by the Board of Directors on 24 May 2024.


     2     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

           The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set out
           below. These policies have been consistently applied in all years presented, unless otherwise stated.


           (a)   Basis of preparation
                 The consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with all applicable
                 Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRS”), which collective term includes all individual Hong Kong
                 Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and interpretations issued by the
                 Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). These financial statements also comply with
                 the applicable disclosure requirements of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange
                 and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (“CO”). The consolidated financial statements have been prepared
                 under the historical cost basis, except for investment properties, financial assets and derivative financial
                 instruments which are carried at fair values.

                 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with HKFRS requires the use of certain critical
                 accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgment in the process of applying the
                 Group’s accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgment or complexity, or areas where
                 assumptions and estimates are material to the consolidated financial statements are disclosed in note 4.




46   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




2     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      (b)   Application of new and revised Hong Kong financial reporting standards
            (i)   Changes in accounting policies for the year ended 31 March 2024
                  The HKICPA has issued the following new and amended HKFRSs that are first effective for the current
                  accounting period of the Group. Of these, the following developments are relevant to the Group’s
                  financial statements:

                  •     HKFRS 17, Insurance contracts

                  •     Amendments to HKAS 8, Accounting policies, changes in accounting estimates and errors:
                        Definition of accounting estimates

                  •     Amendments to HKAS 1, Presentation of financial statements and HKFRS Practice Statement 2,
                        Making materiality judgements: Disclosure of accounting policies

                  •     Amendments to HKAS 12, Income taxes: Deferred tax related to assets and liabilities arising from a
                        single transaction

                  •     Amendments to HKAS 12, Income taxes: International tax reform – Pillar Two model rules

                  None of these developments have had a material effect on how the Group’s results and financial position
                  for the current or prior periods have been prepared or presented. The Group has not applied any new
                  standard or interpretation that is not yet effective for the current accounting period.




                                                                         LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024    47
     Notes to the consolidated financial statements
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




     2     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

           (b)   Application of new and revised Hong Kong financial reporting standards (Continued)
                 (ii)   Up to the date of issue of these financial statements, the HKICPA has issued a number of new or
                        amended standards, which are not yet effective for the year ended 31 March 2024 and which have not
                        been adopted in these financial statements. These developments include the following which may be
                        relevant to the Group.

                                                                                                                    Effective for
                                                                                                              accounting periods
                                                                                                            beginning on or after
                         Amendments to HKAS 1, Presentation of financial statements:                               1 January 2024
                           Classification of liabilities as current or non-current (“2020 amendments”)

                         Amendments to HKAS 1, Presentation of financial statements:                               1 January 2024
                           Non-current liabilities with covenants (“2022 amendments”)

                         Amendments to HKFRS 16, Leases: Lease liability in a sale and leaseback                   1 January 2024

                         Amendments to HKAS 7, Statement of cash flows and HKFRS 7,                                1 January 2024
                           Financial Instruments: Disclosures: Supplier finance arrangements

                         Amendments to HKAS 21, The effects of changes in foreign exchange rates:                  1 January 2025
                           Lack of exchangeability

                        The Group is in the process of making an assessment of what the impact of these developments is
                        expected to be in the period of initial application. So far it has concluded that the adoption of them is
                        unlikely to have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements.


           (c)   Consolidation
                 A subsidiary is an entity (including a structured entity) over which the Group has control. The Group controls an
                 entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and
                 has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. Subsidiaries are consolidated from the
                 date on which control is transferred to the Group until the date that control ceases.




48   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




2     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      (c)   Consolidation (Continued)
            (i)   Business combinations
                  Business combinations involving entities under common control
                  A business combination involving entities under common control is a business combination in which all
                  of the combining entities are ultimately controlled by the same party or parties both before and after
                  the business combination, and that control is not transitory. The assets acquired and liabilities assumed
                  are measured based on their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements of the ultimate
                  controlling party at the combination date. The difference between the carrying amount of the net assets
                  acquired and the consideration paid for the combination (or the total face value of shares issued) is
                  adjusted against merger reserve. Any cost directly attributable to the combination is recognised in profit
                  or loss when incurred. The combination date is the date on which one combining entity obtains control
                  of other combining entities.

                  Business combinations involving entities not under common control
                  The Group applies the acquisition method to account for business combinations involving entities not
                  under common control. The consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary is the fair values
                  of the assets transferred, the liabilities incurred to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity
                  interests issued by the Group. The consideration transferred includes the fair value of any asset or
                  liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities
                  and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are measured initially at their fair values at
                  the acquisition date. The Group recognises any non-controlling interest in the acquiree on an acquisition-
                  by-acquisition basis, either at fair value or at the non-controlling interest’s proportionate share of the
                  recognised amounts of acquiree’s identifiable net assets.

                  Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.

                  If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date carrying value of the acquirer’s
                  previously held equity interest in the acquiree is re-measured to fair value at the acquisition date; any
                  gains or losses arising from such re-measurement are recognised in profit or loss.

                  The excess of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree
                  and the acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquiree over the fair value of
                  the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If the total of consideration transferred, non-
                  controlling interest recognised and previously held interest measured is less than the fair value of the net
                  assets of the subsidiary acquired in the case of a bargain purchase, the difference is recognised directly in
                  profit or loss.

                  Intra-group transactions, balances and unrealised gain on transactions between group companies are
                  eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains but only to the
                  extent that there is no evidence of impairment. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed
                  when necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.



                                                                            LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024      49
     Notes to the consolidated financial statements
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




     2     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

           (c)   Consolidation (Continued)
                 (ii)    Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries without change of control
                         Transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in loss of control are accounted for as
                         equity transactions – that is, as transactions with the owners in their capacity as owners. The difference
                         between fair value of any consideration paid and the relevant share acquired of the carrying value of net
                         assets of the subsidiary is recorded in equity. Gains or losses on disposals to non-controlling interests are
                         also recorded in equity.

                 (iii)   Disposal of subsidiaries
                         When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in
                         that subsidiary, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in
                         that former subsidiary at the date when control is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is
                         regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset or, when appropriate, the cost on
                         initial recognition of an investment in an associate or joint venture. In addition, any amounts previously
                         recognised in other comprehensive income in respect of the former subsidiary are reclassified to profit or
                         loss.

                 (iv)    The Company’s statement of financial position
                         In the Company’s statement of financial position, investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost
                         less impairment. Cost includes direct attributable costs of investment. The results of subsidiaries are
                         accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividend received and receivable.

                         Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required when there is any indication that the
                         investment is impaired or upon receiving dividends from these investments if the dividend exceeds the
                         total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the dividend is declared or if the carrying
                         amount of the investment in the Company’s statement of financial position exceeds the carrying amount
                         in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s net assets including goodwill.


           (d)   Foreign currency translation
                 (i)     Functional and presentation currency
                         Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the
                         currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (“the functional currency”).
                         The consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars, which is the Company’s
                         functional and the Group’s presentation currency.




50   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




2     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      (d)   Foreign currency translation (Continued)
            (ii)    Transactions and balances
                    Foreign currency transactions during the year are translated at the foreign exchange rates ruling at
                    the transaction dates. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated
                    at the foreign exchange rates ruling at the end of the reporting period. Exchange gains and losses are
                    recognised in profit or loss, except those arising from foreign currency borrowings used to hedge a net
                    investment in foreign operation which are recognised in other comprehensive income (see note 2(o)).

                    Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are
                    translated using the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction dates. The transaction date is the
                    date on which the Group initially recognises such non-monetary assets or liabilities. Non-monetary assets
                    and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are stated at fair value are translated using the
                    foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates the fair value was measured.

            (iii)   Group companies
                    The results and financial position of all the group entities (none of which has the currency of a
                    hyperinflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency are
                    translated into the presentation currency as follows:

                    –     assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position presented are translated at the closing
                          rate at the date of that statement of financial position;

                    –     income and expenses for each statement of profit or loss are translated at average exchange rates
                          (unless this average is not a reasonable approximation of the rates prevailing on the transaction
                          dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at the dates of the transactions); and

                    –     all resulting currency translation differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and
                          accumulated separately in equity in the exchange reserve.

                    Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign entity are treated as assets and
                    liabilities of the foreign entity and translated at the closing rate. Currency translation differences arising
                    are recognised in the other comprehensive income.




                                                                              LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024       51
     Notes to the consolidated financial statements
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




     2     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

           (e)   Property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets
                 Property, plant and equipment, including right-of-use assets arising from leases of property, plant and
                 equipment (see note 2(h)), are stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment.
                 Historical cost includes expenditure directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.

                 Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate,
                 only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the
                 cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognised. All other
                 repairs and maintenance are charged to profit or loss during the financial period in which they are incurred.

                 Depreciation of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets are calculated using the straight-line
                 basis to allocate cost less estimated residual values, if any, over their estimated useful lives. The principal
                 annual rates are as follows:

                 –     Buildings                                                                                        2.5% to 5%

                 –     Leasehold land                                                                          Over the lease term

                 –     Properties leased for own use                                                           Over the lease term

                 –     Leasehold improvements                                                                        20% to 33⅓%

                 –     Motor vehicles and yacht                                                                        10% to 30%

                 –     Machinery                                                                                       10% to 30%

                 –     Furniture, fixtures and office equipment                                                                20%

                 –     Computer system                                                                               20% to 33⅓%

                 The assets’ residual values, if any, and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each
                 reporting period. An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the
                 asset’s carrying amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount (note 2(i)).

                 On the transfer of owner-occupied property to investment property, increases in the carrying amount arising
                 on revaluation are credited to other comprehensive income and accumulated in property revaluation reserve
                 in equity. Decreases that offset previous increases of the same asset are charged in other comprehensive
                 income and debited against property revaluation reserve directly in equity whereas all other decreases are
                 charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss.




52   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




2     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      (e)   Property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets (Continued)
            Items may be produced while bringing an item of property, plant and equipment to the location and condition
            necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management. The proceeds from selling
            any such items and the related costs are recognised in profit or loss.

            Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount and are
            recognised within “other net losses/gains” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss on the date of
            retirement or disposal. Any related revaluation surplus is transferred from the property revaluation reserve to
            retained profits and is not reclassified to profit or loss.


      (f)   Investment properties
            Investment property is held for long-term rental yields or for capital appreciation or both, and that is not
            occupied by the Group. Investment property is initially measured at cost, including related transaction costs
            and where applicable borrowing costs. After initial recognition, investment properties are carried at fair value,
            representing open market value determined at each reporting date by external valuers. Fair value is based
            on active market prices, adjusted, if necessary, for any difference in the nature, location or condition of the
            specific asset.

            If an investment property becomes owner-occupied, it is reclassified as property, plant and equipment and its
            fair value at the date of reclassification becomes its deemed cost for accounting purposes. The deemed cost of
            property, plant and equipment is used as the basis for the carrying amount and depreciation of the asset.


      (g)   Intangible assets (other than goodwill)
            Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred. Expenditure
            on development activities is capitalised if the product or process is technically and commercially feasible and
            the Group has sufficient resources and the intention to complete development. The expenditure capitalised
            includes the costs of materials, direct labour, and an appropriate proportion of overheads and borrowing
            costs, where applicable (see note 2(x)). Capitalised development costs are stated at cost less accumulated
            amortisation and impairment losses (see note 2(i)). Other development expenditure is recognised as an
            expense in the period in which it is incurred.

            Amortisation of intangible assets with finite useful lives is charged to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over
            the assets’ estimated useful lives.




                                                                              LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024      53
     Notes to the consolidated financial statements
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




     2     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

           (h)   Leased assets
                 At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or
                 contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in
                 exchange for consideration. Control is conveyed where the customer has both the right to direct the use of the
                 identified asset and to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from that use.

                 (i)   As a lessee
                       At the lease commencement date, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability, except
                       for short-term leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less. When the Group enters into a lease in
                       respect of a low-value asset, the Group decides whether to capitalise the lease on a lease-by-lease basis.
                       The lease payments associated with those leases which are not capitalised are recognised as an expense
                       on a systematic basis over the lease term.

                       Where the lease is capitalised, the lease liability is initially recognised at the present value of the lease
                       payments payable over the lease term, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that
                       rate cannot be readily determined, using a relevant incremental borrowing rate. After initial recognition,
                       the lease liability is measured at amortised cost and interest expense is calculated using the effective
                       interest method. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or rate are not included in the
                       measurement of the lease liability and hence are charged to profit or loss in the accounting period in
                       which they are incurred.

                       The right-of-use asset recognised when a lease is capitalised is initially measured at cost, which
                       comprises the initial amount of the lease liability plus any lease payments made at or before the
                       commencement date, and any initial direct costs incurred. Where applicable, the cost of the right-of-
                       use assets also includes an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore
                       the underlying asset or the site on which it is located, discounted to their present value, less any lease
                       incentives received. The right-of-use asset is subsequently stated at cost less accumulated depreciation
                       and impairment losses (see notes 2(e) and 2(i)).

                       The lease liability is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change
                       in an index or rate, or there is a change in the Group’s estimate of the amount expected to be payable
                       under a residual value guarantee, or there is a change arising from the reassessment of whether the
                       Group will be reasonably certain to exercise a purchase, extension or termination option. When the
                       lease liability is remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount
                       of the right-of-use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset
                       has been reduced to zero. The Group presents right-of-use assets that do not meet the definition of
                       investment property in” other property, plant and equipment” and presents lease liabilities separately in
                       the consolidated statement of financial position.




54   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




2     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      (h)   Leased assets (Continued)
            (i)    As a lessee (Continued)
                   The lease liability is also remeasured when there is a change in the scope of a lease or the consideration
                   for a lease that is not originally provided for in the lease contract (“lease modification”) that is not
                   accounted for as a separate lease. In this case the lease liability is remeasured based on the revised lease
                   payments and lease term using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification. The
                   only exceptions are rent concessions that occurred as a direct consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic
                   and met the conditions set out in paragraph 46B of HKFRS 16 Leases. In such cases, the Group has
                   taken advantage of the practical expedient 46A not to assess whether the rent concessions are lease
                   modifications, and recognised the change in consideration as negative variable lease payments in profit
                   or loss in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the rent concessions occurred.

                   In the consolidated statement of financial position, the current portion of long-term lease liabilities
                   is determined as the present value of contractual payments that are due to be settled within twelve
                   months after the reporting period.

            (ii)   As a lessor
                   When the Group acts as a lessor, it determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease
                   or an operating lease. A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all the risks and
                   rewards incidental to the ownership of an underlying assets to the lessee. If this is not the case, the lease
                   is classified as an operating lease.

                   When a contract contains lease and non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in
                   the contract to each component on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. The rental income from
                   operating leases is recognised in accordance with note 2(w).


      (i)   Impairment of non-financial assets
            Assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
            amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or
            loss for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable
            amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. For the purposes of
            assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable
            cash flows (cash-generating units). A portion of the carrying amount of a corporate asset is allocated to an
            individual cash-generating unit if the allocation can be done on a reasonable and consistent basis, or to the
            smallest group of cash-generating units if otherwise. Non-financial assets other than goodwill that suffered an
            impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at each reporting date.

            Where an impairment loss is subsequently reversed, the carrying amount of the asset (cash-generating unit)
            is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount to the extent that the increased carrying
            amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been
            recognised for the asset (cash-generating unit) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised
            immediately in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

                                                                              LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024       55
     Notes to the consolidated financial statements
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




     2     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

           (j)   Other investments in equity securities
                 The Group’s policies for investments in equity securities, other than investments in subsidiaries, associates
                 and joint ventures, are set out below. Investments in equity securities are recognised/derecognised on the
                 date the Group commits to purchase/sell the investment. The investments are initially stated at fair value
                 plus directly attributable transaction costs, except for those investments measured at fair value through profit
                 or loss (“FVPL”) for which transaction costs are recognised directly in profit or loss. These investments are
                 subsequently accounted for as follows, depending on their classification.

                 An investment in equity securities is classified as FVPL unless the equity investment is not held for trading
                 purposes and on initial recognition of the investment the Group makes an irrevocable election to designate the
                 investment at fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”) (non-recycling) such that subsequent
                 changes in fair value are recognised in other comprehensive income. Such elections are made on an
                 instrument-by-instrument basis, but may only be made if the investment meets the definition of equity from
                 the issuer’s perspective. Where such an election is made, the amount accumulated in other comprehensive
                 income remains in the fair value reserve (non-recycling) until the investment is disposed of. At the time of
                 disposal, the amount accumulated in the fair value reserve (non-recycling) is transferred to retained profits. It
                 is not recycled through profit or loss. Dividends from an investment in equity securities, irrespective of whether
                 classified as at FVPL or FVOCI, are recognised in profit or loss as other income in accordance with the policy set
                 out in note 2(w).


           (k)   Inventories
                 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined using the first-in, first-
                 out method. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the
                 estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

                 When inventories are sold, the carrying amount of those inventories is recognised as an expense in the period
                 in which the related revenue is recognised. The amount of any write-down of inventories to net realisable
                 value and all losses of inventories are recognised as an expense in the period the write-down or loss occurs.
                 The amount of any reversal of any write-down of inventories is recognised as a reduction in the amount of
                 inventories recognised as an expense in the period in which the reversal occurs.


           (l)   Credit losses from financial instruments
                 The Group requires a loss allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) on financial assets measured at
                 amortised cost (including cash and cash equivalents and trade and other receivables).

                 Financial assets measured at fair value, including equity securities measured at FVOCI (non-recycling) and
                 derivative financial assets, are not subject to the ECL assessment.




56   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




2     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      (l)   Credit losses from financial instruments (Continued)
            Measurement of ECLs
            ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the present value of all
            expected cash shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the Group in accordance with the
            contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive).

            The expected cash shortfalls of trade and other receivables are discounted using the effective interest rate
            determined at initial recognition or an approximation thereof where the effect of discounting is material.

            The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over which the
            Group is exposed to credit risk.

            In measuring ECLs, the Group takes into account reasonable and supportable information that is available
            without undue cost or effort. This includes information about past events, current conditions and forecasts of
            future economic conditions.

            ECLs are measured on either of the following bases:

            –     12-month ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from possible default events within the 12
                  months after the reporting date; and

            –     lifetime ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from all possible default events over the
                  expected lives of the items to which the ECL model applies.

            Loss allowances for trade receivables are always measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs. ECLs on these
            financial assets are estimated using a provision matrix based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience,
            adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors and an assessment of both the current and forecast general
            economic conditions at the reporting date.

            For all other financial instruments, the Group recognises a loss allowance equal to 12-month ECLs unless there
            has been a significant increase in credit risk of the financial instrument since initial recognition, in which case
            the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.




                                                                            LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024      57
     Notes to the consolidated financial statements
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




     2     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

           (l)   Credit losses from financial instruments (Continued)
                 Significant increases in credit risk
                 In assessing whether the credit risk of a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition,
                 the Group compares the risk of default occurring on the financial instrument assessed at the reporting
                 date with that assessed at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers
                 that a default event occurs when the borrower is unlikely to pay its credit obligations to the Group in full,
                 without recourse by the Group to actions such as realising security (if any is held). The Group considers both
                 quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and
                 forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.

                 In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has increased
                 significantly since initial recognition:

                 –     failure to make payments of principal or interest on their contractually due dates;

                 –     an actual or expected significant deterioration in a financial instrument’s external or internal credit rating
                       (if available);

                 –     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor; and

                 –     existing or forecast changes in the technological, market, economic or legal environment that have a
                       significant adverse effect on the debtor’s ability to meet its obligation to the Group.

                 Depending on the nature of the financial instruments, the assessment of a significant increase in credit risk is
                 performed on either an individual basis or a collective basis. When the assessment is performed on a collective
                 basis, the financial instruments are grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics, such as past due status
                 and credit risk ratings.

                 ECLs are remeasured at each reporting date to reflect changes in the financial instrument credit risk since initial
                 recognition. Any change in the ECL amount is recognised as an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss. The
                 Group recognises an impairment gain or loss for all financial instruments with a corresponding adjustment to
                 their carrying amount through a loss allowance account.




58   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




2     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      (l)   Credit losses from financial instruments (Continued)
            Basis of calculation of interest income
            Interest income recognised in accordance with note 2(w) is calculated based on the gross carrying amount
            of the financial asset unless the financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is calculated
            based on the amortised cost (i.e. the gross carrying amount less loss allowance) of the financial asset.

            At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether a financial asset is credit-impaired. A financial asset is
            credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of
            the financial asset have occurred.

            Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the following observable events:

            –     significant financial difficulties of the debtor;

            –     a breach of contract, such as a default or delinquency in interest or principal payments;

            –     it becoming probable that the borrower will enter into bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation; or

            –     significant changes in the technological, market, economic or legal environment that have an adverse
                  effect on the debtor.

            Write-off policy
            The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off (either partially or in full) to the extent that there
            is no realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case when the asset become 1 year past due or when
            the Group determines that the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient
            cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the write-off.

            Subsequent recoveries of an asset that was previously written off are recognised as a reversal of impairment in
            profit or loss in the period in which the recovery occurs.


      (m) Trade and other receivables
            A receivable is recognised when the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration. A right
            to receive consideration is unconditional if only the passage of time is required before payment of that
            consideration is due. If revenue has been recognised before the Group has an unconditional right to receive
            consideration, the amount is presented as contract assets.

            Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component are initially measured at their
            transaction price. Trade receivables that contain a significant financing component and other receivables are
            initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs. All receivables are subsequently stated at amortised cost
            using the effective interest method and including allowance for credit losses (see note 2(l)).




                                                                            LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024       59
     Notes to the consolidated financial statements
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




     2     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

           (n)   Cash and cash equivalents
                 Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand, demand deposits with banks and other financial
                 institutions, and short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash
                 and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, having been within three months of maturity
                 at acquisition. Cash and cash equivalents are assessed for ECL in accordance with the policy set out in note 2(l).


           (o)   Derivative financial instruments
                 Derivative financial instruments are used solely to manage exposures to fluctuations in foreign currency rates
                 in accordance with the Group’s risk management policies. The Group does not hold or issue derivative financial
                 instruments for proprietary trading purposes.

                 Derivative financial instruments are recognised at fair value. At the end of each reporting period the fair value
                 is remeasured. The gain or loss on remeasurement to fair value is recognised immediately in profit or loss,
                 except where the derivatives qualify for cash flow hedge accounting.

                 Where a derivative financial instrument is designated as a hedging instrument in a cash flow hedge, the
                 effective portion of any gain or loss on the derivative financial instrument is recognised in other comprehensive
                 income and accumulated separately in equity in the hedging reserve. The ineffective portion of any gain or loss
                 is recognised immediately in profit or loss. The amount accumulated in the hedging reserve is reclassified from
                 equity to profit or loss in the same period or periods during which the hedge cash flows affect profit or loss.

                 If a hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting (including when the hedging instrument expires
                 or is sold, terminated or exercised), then hedge accounting is discontinued prospectively. When hedge
                 accounting is discontinued, but the hedged forecast transaction is still expected to occur, the amount that has
                 been accumulated in the hedging reserve remains in equity until the transaction occurs and it is recognised in
                 accordance with the above policy. If the hedged transaction is no longer expected to take place, the amount
                 that has been accumulated in the hedging reserve is reclassified from equity to profit or loss immediately.


           (p)   Share capital
                 Ordinary shares are classified as equity.

                 Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity as a
                 deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.


           (q)   Trade and other payables
                 Trade payables are obligations to pay for goods or services that have been acquired in the ordinary course of
                 business from suppliers. Trade payable are classified as current liabilities if payment is due within one year
                 or less (or in the normal operating cycle of the business if longer). If not, they are presented as non-current
                 liabilities.

                 Trade and other payables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at invoice amounts
                 using the effective interest method.

60   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




2     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      (r)   Contract liabilities
            A contract liability is recognised when the customer pays non-refundable consideration before the Group
            recognises the related revenue (see note 2(w)). A contract liability would also be recognised if the Group
            has an unconditional right to receive non-refundable consideration before the Group recognises the related
            revenue. In such cases, a corresponding receivable would also be recognised (see note 2(m)).

      (s)   Borrowings
            Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently
            carried at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption
            value is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss over the period of the borrowings using the
            effective interest method.

            Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are recognised as transaction costs of the loan to the extent
            that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down. In this case, the fee is deferred until the
            draw-down occurs. To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be
            drawn down, the fee is capitalised as a pre-payment for liquidity services and amortised over the period of the
            facility to which it relates.

            Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement
            of the liability for at least 12 months after the end of the reporting period.

      (t)   Income tax
            Income tax for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the consolidated statement of
            profit or loss except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly
            in equity, in which case the relevant amounts of tax are also recognised in other comprehensive income or
            directly in equity, respectively.

            Current tax is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the
            reporting period in the countries where the Group operates and generates taxable income. Management
            periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation
            is subject to interpretation. It establishes provisions where appropriate on the basis of amounts expected to be
            paid to the tax authorities.

            Deferred tax is recognised, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between the tax bases
            of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements. However, the
            deferred tax is not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other
            than a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or
            loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences. Deferred tax is determined
            using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period
            and are expected to apply when the related deferred tax asset is realised or the deferred tax liability is settled.




                                                                              LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024        61
     Notes to the consolidated financial statements
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




     2     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

           (t)   Income tax (Continued)
                 Deferred tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be
                 available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.

                 Deferred tax liabilities are provided on taxable temporary differences arising from investments in subsidiaries,
                 except for deferred tax liability where the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference is controlled by
                 the Group and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

                 Deferred tax assets are recognised on deductible temporary differences arising from investments in
                 subsidiaries only to the extent that it is probable the temporary difference will reverse in the future and there
                 is sufficient taxable profit available against which the temporary difference can be utilised.

                 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets
                 against current tax liabilities and when the deferred tax assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied by
                 the same taxation authority on either the taxable entity or different taxable entities where there is an intention
                 to settle the balances on a net basis.


           (u)   Employee benefits
                 (i)    Pension obligation
                        The Group participates in mandatory provident fund (“MPF”) schemes for all employees in Hong Kong
                        pursuant to the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance. The contributions to the MPF Schemes
                        are based on a minimum statutory contribution requirement of 5% of eligible employees’ relevant
                        aggregate income (with a current cap of $1,500). The assets of the MPF Schemes are held in separate
                        trustee-administered funds.

                        The Group’s contributions to the MPF Schemes are expensed as incurred.

                        The employees of the Group’s operations in Mainland China are required to participate in a central
                        pension scheme operated by the local municipal government. The Group’s relevant entities are required
                        to contribute a specified percentage of its payroll costs to the central pension scheme. The contributions
                        are expensed in the consolidated statement of profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with
                        the rules of the central pension scheme.

                 (ii)   Employee leave entitlements
                        Employee entitlements to annual leave and long service payments are recognised when they accrue to
                        employees. Provisions are made for the estimated liability for annual leave and long service payments as
                        a result of services rendered by employees up to the end of the reporting period.

                        Employee entitlements to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time of leave.




62   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




2     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      (u)   Employee benefits (Continued)
            (iii)   Bonus plan
                    The expected cost of bonus payments is recognised as a liability when the Group has a present legal
                    or constructive obligation as a result of services rendered by employees and a reliable estimate of the
                    obligation can be made. Liabilities of the bonus plan are expected to be settled within twelve months and
                    are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when they are settled.

            (iv)    Employee retirement benefit obligations
                    The Group’s net obligation in respect of long service payment (“LSP”) obligation is calculated by
                    estimating the amount of future benefit that employees have earned in the current and prior periods
                    and discounting that amount. The estimated amount of future benefit is determined after deducting the
                    negative service cost arising from the accrued benefits derived from the Group’s MPF contributions that
                    have been vested with employees, which are deemed to be contributions from the relevant employees.

                    The calculation of defined benefit obligation is performed by a qualified actuary using the projected unit
                    credit method. Remeasurements arising from defined benefit plans, which comprise actuarial gains and
                    losses, are recognised immediately in OCI. Net interest expense for the period is determined by applying
                    the discount rate used to measure the defined benefit obligation at the beginning of the reporting period
                    to the then net defined benefit liability, taking into account any changes in the net defined benefit
                    liability during the period. Net interest expense and other expenses related to defined benefit plans are
                    recognised in profit or loss.


      (v)   Provisions and contingent liabilities
            Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past
            events; it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation; and the amount has
            been reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses.

            Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in settlement is
            determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised even if the likelihood of
            an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations may be small.

            Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditures expected to be required to settle the
            obligation using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money
            and the risks specific to the obligation. The increase in the provision due to passage of time is recognised as
            interest expense.

            Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be
            estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of
            economic benefits is remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence or
            non-occurrence of one or more future events are also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the probability
            of outflow of economic benefits is remote.



                                                                            LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024     63
     Notes to the consolidated financial statements
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




     2     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

           (v)   Provisions and contingent liabilities (Continued)
                 Where some or all of the expenditure required to settle a provision is expected to be reimbursed by another
                 party, a separate asset is recognised for any expected reimbursement that would be virtually certain. The
                 amount recognised for the reimbursement is limited to the carrying amount of the provision.


           (w) Revenue and income recognition
                 Income is classified by the Group as revenue when it arises from the sale of goods or the use by other of the
                 Group’s assets under leases in the ordinary course of the Group’s business.

                 Revenue is recognised when control over a product or service is transferred to the customer at the amount
                 of promised consideration to which the Group is expected to be entitled, excluding those amounts collected
                 on behalf of third parties. Revenue excludes value added tax or other sales taxes and is after deduction of any
                 trade discounts.

                 Revenue from sale of goods is recognised when the customer take possession of and accepts the products,
                 which generally coincides with the time when the goods are delivered to customers and title has passed.
                 Payment terms and conditions vary by customers and are based on the billing schedule established in the
                 contracts or purchase orders with customers. The Group takes advantage of the practical expedient in
                 paragraph 63 of HKFRS 15 and does not adjust the consideration for any effects of a significant financing
                 component as the period of financing is 12 months or less.

                 Interest income is recognised on a time-proportion basis using the effective interest method.

                 Management fee income is recognised when services are rendered.

                 Dividend income from listed investments is recognised when the share price of the investment goes ex-
                 dividend.

                 Technical consultancy service income is recognised when services are rendered.

                 Rental income receivable under operating leases is recognised in profit or loss in equal instalments over the
                 periods covered by the lease term, except where an alternative basis is more representative of the pattern of
                 benefits to be derived from the use of the leased asset.


           (x)   Borrowing costs
                 Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset which
                 necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale are capitalised as part of
                 the cost of that asset. Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.




64   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




2     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      (y)   Segment reporting
            Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief
            operating decision-maker. The chief operating decision-maker, who is responsible for allocating resources
            and assessing performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the Group’s senior executive
            management, including executive directors, chief executive officer, chief operation officer and chief financial
            officer, who collectively review the Group’s internal reporting in order to make strategic decisions.

            Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless the
            segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of products and
            services, the nature of production processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used to distribute
            the products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments which
            are not individually material may be aggregated if they share a majority of these criteria.

      (z)   Dividend distribution
            Dividend distribution to the Company’s shareholders is recognised as a liability in the Group’s and the
            Company’s financial statements in the period in which the dividends are approved by the Company’s
            shareholders.

      (aa) Related parties
            (i)    A person, or close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person:

                   (1)   has control or joint control over the Group;

                   (2)   has significant influence over the Group; or

                   (3)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group’s parent.

            (ii)   An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:

                   (1)   the entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent,
                         subsidiary and follow subsidiary is related to the others).

                   (2)   one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a
                         member of a group of which the other entity is a member).

                   (3)   both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.

                   (4)   one entity is a joint venture of a third party and the other entity is an associate of the third entity.

                   (5)   the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an
                         entity related to the Group.

                   (6)   the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (i).

                                                                               LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024     65
     Notes to the consolidated financial statements
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




     2     SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

           (aa) Related parties (Continued)
                 (ii)   An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies: (Continued)

                        (7)   a person identified in (i)(1) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                              management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).

                        (8)   the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel
                              services to the Group or to the Group’s parent.

                 Close family members of an individual are those family members who may be expected to influence, or
                 influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.


     3     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

           (a)   Financial risk factors
                 The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign exchange risk,
                 cash flow and fair value interest rate risks and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s overall risk
                 management programme focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential
                 adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.

                 (i)    Foreign exchange risk
                        Foreign exchange risk primarily arises from recognised assets and liabilities, such as bank balances and
                        cash, trade receivables, trade payables and bank borrowings, denominated in United States Dollars (“US
                        dollars”), Renminbi (“RMB”) and New Taiwan dollars (“NTD”).

                        Management conducts periodic reviews of exposure and requirements of various currencies, and will
                        consider hedging significant foreign currency exposures should the need arise.

                        In respect of United States dollars, the Group considers that minimal risk arises as the rate of exchange
                        between Hong Kong dollars and United States dollars is controlled within a tight range under the Hong
                        Kong’s Linked Exchange Rate System.

                        In respect of RMB, at 31 March 2024, if RMB had weakened/strengthened by 5% (2023: 5%) against
                        the Hong Kong dollars with all other variables held constant, post-tax loss for the year would have
                        been decreased/increased by approximately $1,647,000 (2023: increased/decreased by approximately
                        $432,000).

                        In respect of NTD, at 31 March 2024, if NTD had weakened/strengthened by 5% (2023: 5%) against the
                        Hong Kong dollars with all other variables held constant, post-tax loss for the year would have been
                        decreased/increased by approximately $1,435,000 (2023: $1,369,000).




66   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




3     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

      (a)   Financial risk factors (Continued)
            (ii)    Cash flow and fair value interest rate risks
                    The Group has certain bank borrowings at floating interest rates which subject the Group to cash flow
                    interest rate risk.

                    At 31 March 2024, if interest rates on bank borrowings had been 100 basis points higher/lower with
                    all other variables held constant, post-tax loss for the year would have been increased/decreased by
                    approximately $5,000 (2023: $17,000).

                    The Group’s bank deposits were at fixed rates and expose the Group to fair value interest risk. As all the
                    Group’s bank deposits were short-term in nature, any change in the interest rate from time to time is not
                    considered to have significant impact to the Group’s financial performance.

            (iii)   Price risk
                    The Group is exposed to equity securities price risk mainly because of the investment in listed equity
                    instrument in Hong Kong, classified on the consolidated statement of financial position as financial assets
                    at FVOCI.

                    At 31 March 2024, if the fair value of the listed equity instrument increased/decreased by 5%, the
                    Group’s equity would have been increased/decreased by approximately $262,000 (2023: $344,000).

                    The Group is also exposed to commodity price risk in relation to its metal products which is largely
                    dependent on the material price of the relevant commodity. The Group closely monitors the price of its
                    products in order to determine its pricing strategies.

            (iv)    Credit risk
                    Credit risk is managed on a group basis. Credit risk arises from deposits with banks and financial
                    institutions, as well as credit exposures to customers and other counter parties, including outstanding
                    trade and other receivables and committed transactions.

                    The carrying amounts of bank deposits and trade and other receivables included in the consolidated
                    financial statements represent the Group’s maximum exposure of credit risk in relation to its financial
                    assets.

                    All bank deposits are placed with highly reputable and sizable banks and financial institutions without
                    significant credit risk.

                    The Group has no significant concentration of credit risk, with exposure spread over a large number of
                    customers and the exposure over a large number of customers and other counter parties.




                                                                             LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024     67
     Notes to the consolidated financial statements
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




     3     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

           (a)   Financial risk factors (Continued)
                 (iv)   Credit risk (Continued)
                        Individual credit evaluations are performed on all customers requiring credit over a certain amount.
                        These evaluations focus on the customer’s past history of making payments when due and current ability
                        to pay, and take into account information specific to the customer as well as pertaining to the economic
                        environment in which the customer operates. The Group offers credit terms to customers ranging from
                        cash on delivery to 90 days. Normally, the Group does not obtain collateral from customers.

                        The Group measures loss allowances for trade receivables at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs, which
                        is calculated using a provision matrix. As the Group’s historical credit loss experience does not indicate
                        significantly different loss patterns for different customer segments, the loss allowance based on past
                        due status is not further distinguished between the Group’s different customer bases.

                        Expected loss rates are based on actual loss experience over the past twelve months. These rates are
                        adjusted to reflect differences between economic conditions during the period over which the historic
                        data has been collected, current conditions and the Group’s view of economic conditions over the
                        expected lives of the receivables.

                        The Group assessed that there is no significant loss recognised and therefore, no provision matrix has
                        been disclosed.

                        Movement in the loss allowance account in respect of trade receivables during the year is as follows:

                                                                                                        2024                 2023
                                                                                                       $’000                $’000
                         At beginning of the year                                                        345                  845
                         Recognition/(reversal) of credit losses during the year                          37                 (500)
                         At end of the year                                                              382                  345




68   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




3     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

      (a)   Financial risk factors (Continued)
            (v)   Liquidity risk
                  Prudent liquidity risk management includes maintaining sufficient cash and the availability of funding
                  through an adequate amount of committed credit facilities. The Group aims to maintain flexibility in
                  funding by keeping committed credit lines available.

                  Management monitors the Group’s liquidity on the basis of availability of bank balances and cash and
                  unutilised committed credit lines. Available bank and cash balances and committed credit lines as of 31
                  March 2024 are as follows:

                                                                                                     2024                  2023
                                                                                                    $’000                 $’000
                    Bank balances and cash                                                        264,579               221,000
                    Committed credit lines available (Note)                                       423,000               423,000
                    Less: Utilised credit lines for bank borrowings                                (7,232)               (3,000)
                                                                                                  415,768               420,000

                  Note: Credit lines available were guaranteed by the Company (note 22).


                  The following table shows the remaining contractual maturities at the end of the reporting periods of
                  the Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities and net-settled derivative financial instruments, which are
                  based on contractual undiscounted cash flows (including interest payments computed using contractual
                  rates or, if floating, based on rates current at the end of the reporting period) and the earliest date the
                  Group can be required to pay.

                  For bank loans subject to repayment on demand clause which can be exercised at the bank’s sole
                  discretion, the maturity analysis shows the cash outflow based on expected repayment dates with
                  reference to the schedule of repayments set out in the banking facilities letter and, separately, the
                  impact to the timing of the cash outflow if the lenders were to invoke unconditional rights to call the
                  loans with immediate effect.




                                                                                  LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024   69
     Notes to the consolidated financial statements
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




     3     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

           (a)   Financial risk factors (Continued)
                 (v)   Liquidity risk (Continued)

                                                                              Contractual undiscounted cash flow
                                                                On demand
                                                                  or within   Between      Between           Over             Carrying
                                                                  one year    1-2 years    2-5 years      5 years    Total    amount
                                                                      $’000       $’000        $’000        $’000    $’000      $’000
                         At 31 March 2024

                         Trade payables, accrued expenses
                           and other payables                       13,294           –            –            –    13,294     13,294
                         Lease liabilities                           2,794       1,370        2,041        3,146     9,351      8,299
                         Bank borrowings                             5,537           –            –            –     5,537      5,482
                         Derivative financial instruments               43           –            –            –        43         43
                                                                    21,668       1,370        2,041        3,146    28,225     27,118
                         Adjustments to present cash flows:
                         Interest-bearing bank borrowings
                            based on lender’s right to demand
                            repayment                                  (55)           –           –            –       (55)         –
                                                                    21,613       1,370        2,041        3,146    28,170     27,118
                         At 31 March 2023

                         Trade payables, accrued expenses
                           and other payables                       16,192           –            –            –    16,192     16,192
                         Lease liabilities                           2,085         990        2,058        3,822     8,955      7,820
                         Bank borrowings                             1,616       1,282            –            –     2,898      2,750
                         Derivative financial instruments              999           –            –            –       999        999
                                                                    20,892       2,272        2,058        3,822    29,044     27,761
                         Adjustments to present cash flows:
                         Interest-bearing bank borrowings
                            based on lender’s right to demand
                            repayment                                1,134       (1,282)          –            –      (148)         –
                                                                    22,026         990        2,058        3,822    28,896     27,761




70   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




3     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

      (b)   Capital risk management
            The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going
            concern in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an
            optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.

            In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to
            shareholders, return capital to shareholders, issue new shares, draw down or repay bank borrowings.

            Management monitors the utilisation of borrowings and ensures full compliance with loan covenants during
            the period and at the end of each reporting period.

            The Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is calculated as total bank borrowings
            and lease liabilities divided by total equity.

            The gearing ratios at of 31 March 2024 and 2023 are as follows:

                                                                                               2024                     2023
                                                                                              $’000                    $’000
             Total bank borrowings (note 22)                                                  5,482                    2,750
             Total lease liabilities (note 24)                                                8,299                    7,820
                                                                                             13,781                 10,570

             Total equity                                                                   812,598               873,424
             Gearing ratio                                                                     1.7%                    1.2%


      (c)   Fair value measurement
            The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial assets including trade and other receivables and bank balances
            and cash; and financial liabilities including trade and other payables and bank borrowings approximate their fair
            values.

            The fair values of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market are determined by using
            valuation techniques.




                                                                           LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024     71
     Notes to the consolidated financial statements
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




     3     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

           (c)   Fair value measurement (Continued)
                 The following table presents the fair value of the Group’s financial instruments measured at the end of the
                 reporting period on a recurring basis, categorised into three-level fair value hierarchy as defined in HKFRS
                 13, Fair value measurement. The level into which a fair value measurement is classified is determined with
                 reference to the observability and significance of inputs used in the valuation technique as follows:

                 –       Level 1 valuations:       Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs i.e. unadjusted quoted prices in
                                                   active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date

                 –       Level 2 valuations:       Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs i.e. observable inputs which fail to
                                                   meet Level 1, and not using significant unobservable inputs. Unobservable
                                                   inputs are inputs for which market data are not available

                 –       Level 3 valuations:       Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs

                                                          Fair value at                Fair value measurement as
                                                        31 March 2024              at 31 March 2024 categorised into
                                                                                   Level 1            Level 2            Level 3
                                                                   $’000            $’000              $’000              $’000
                     Assets

                     Derivative financial instruments              2,000                 –              2,000                      –
                     Financial assets at FVOCI                     5,238             5,238                  –                      –
                                                                   7,238             5,238              2,000                      –
                     Liabilities

                     Derivative financial instruments                43                   –                43                      –

                                                           Fair value at               Fair value measurement as
                                                        31 March 2023              at 31 March 2023 categorised into
                                                                                   Level 1            Level 2            Level 3
                                                                   $’000            $’000              $’000              $’000
                     Assets

                     Derivative financial instruments                941                 –                941                      –
                     Financial assets at FVOCI                     6,872             6,872                  –                      –
                                                                   7,813             6,872                941                      –
                     Liabilities

                     Derivative financial instruments               999                   –               999                      –



72   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




3     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

      (c)   Fair value measurement (Continued)
            The fair values of financial assets at FVOCI are based on quoted market prices at the date of consolidated
            statement of financial position. A market is regarded as active if quoted prices are readily and regularly
            available from an exchange, dealer, broker, industry group, pricing service, or regulatory agency, and those
            prices represent actual and regularly occurring market transactions on an arm’s length basis. The quoted
            market price used for financial assets held by the Group is the current bid price. These instruments are
            included in level 1.

            The fair value of derivative financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example, over-
            the-counter derivatives) is determined by using valuation techniques. These valuation techniques maximise the
            use of observable market data where it is available and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. All
            significant inputs required to fair value the instruments are observable and accordingly, the instruments are
            included in level 2.

            There were no transfers of financial assets between level 1 and level 2, or transfer into or out of level 3 in
            respect of the fair value hierarchy classifications during the year ended 31 March 2024 (2023: Nil).

            The maximum notional principal amounts of these future contracts at 31 March 2024 and 2023 are as follows:

                                                                                                 2024                    2023
                                                                                                $’000                   $’000
             Future exchange contracts

             Renminbi                                                                          81,778                 90,220
             New Taiwan dollars                                                                34,375                 34,917

            The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the fair value of the derivative assets in the
            consolidated statement of financial position.


4     ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES

      Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors,
      including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.

      The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. As the future is inherently uncertain, actual
      results may differ from these estimates. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a
      material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are addressed
      below.

      The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
      recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of
      the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

                                                                            LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024       73
     Notes to the consolidated financial statements
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




     4     ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

           (a)   Net realisable value of inventories
                 Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated
                 costs necessary to make the sale. These estimates are based on current market conditions and historical
                 experience of selling goods of a similar nature. They could change as a result of changes in market conditions.
                 Management reassesses the estimations at the end of each reporting period.


           (b)   Credit losses of trade and other receivables
                 The Group performs regular review of the receivables and makes loss allowance based on various factors
                 including the ageing of the receivables, historical write-off experience and forward looking information.
                 The identification of credit losses of receivables requires the use of judgement and estimates. Where the
                 expectations are different from the original estimates, such differences will impact the carrying values of
                 receivables and the credit losses on receivable is recognised in the years in which such estimates have been
                 changed.


     5     REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING

           The Group is principally engaged in the trading of zinc, zinc alloy, nickel, nickel-related products, aluminium,
           aluminium alloy, stainless steel and other electroplating chemical products. Revenue recognised during the year are
           as follows:

                                                                                                       2024                   2023
                                                                                                      $’000                  $’000
            Revenue

            Sales of goods                                                                       1,699,491               2,204,673

           The chief operating decision-maker has been identified as the Group’s senior executive management, including
           executive directors, chief executive officer, chief operation officer and chief financial officer, who collectively review
           the Group’s internal reporting in order to assess performance, allocate resources and make strategic decisions.

           The chief operating decision-maker reviews the performance of the Group mainly from a geographical perspective.
           The Group is organised into two operating segments, namely (i) Hong Kong and (ii) Mainland China. Both operating
           segments represent trading of different types of metal products.

           The Group has applied the practical expedient in paragraph 121(a) of HKFRS 15 to its sales contracts for metal
           products such that information about revenue that the Group will be entitled to when it satisfies the remaining
           performance obligations under the contracts for sales of metal products that had an original expected duration of
           one year or less is not presented in these financial statements.




74   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




5     REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING (Continued)

      (a)   Segment information
            The chief operating decision-maker assesses the performance of the operating segments based on a measure
            of operating results (before income tax) of each segment, which excludes the effects of other income, other
            net losses and net finance income/(costs).

            The segment information for the reporting segments as at and for the year ended 31 March 2024 and 2023 is
            as follows:

                                                    Hong Kong              Mainland China                  Total
                                                    2024           2023      2024          2023         2024           2023
                                                   $’000          $’000     $’000         $’000        $’000          $’000
             Segment revenue                    754,397         974,660    945,094    1,230,013    1,699,491       2,204,673
             Segment results                     (54,204)       (58,323)    12,199       19,625      (42,005)        (38,698)
             Other segment expenditure
               items included in the
               segment results:

             Cost of inventories recognised
               as expense                       725,764         941,369    909,609    1,187,498    1,635,373       2,128,867
             Depreciation of property, plant
               and equipment                       8,214          6,712      1,849        2,237       10,063          8,949
             Reversal for write-down of
               inventories                        (4,286)        (1,414)      732          (126)      (3,554)         (1,540)
             Segment assets                     541,675         541,670    322,487     384,066       864,162        925,736
             Segment liabilities                 47,415          44,802      4,149        7,510       51,564         52,312




                                                                           LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024     75
     Notes to the consolidated financial statements
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




     5     REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING (Continued)

           (b)   Reconciliation of segment results

                                                                                                                2024                      2023
                                                                                                               $’000                     $’000
                   Segment results

                   Total segment results                                                                     (42,005)                 (38,698)
                   Other income                                                                               12,075                   12,809
                   Other net losses                                                                          (18,133)                  (4,618)
                   Net finance income/(costs)                                                                  2,257                   (4,641)
                   Loss before taxation                                                                      (45,806)                 (35,148)


     6     OTHER INCOME

                                                                                                                2024                      2023
                                                                                                               $’000                     $’000
            Provision of technical consultancy services                                                        6,082                     4,432
            Government grants (note)                                                                             298                     2,659
            Dividend income from listed securities                                                                 –                       250
            Rental income                                                                                      4,325                     2,359
            Others                                                                                             1,370                     3,109
                                                                                                              12,075                   12,809

           Note: During the year ended 31 March 2023, the Group successfully applied for funding support from the Employment Support Scheme
                 under the Anti-epidemic Fund, set up by the Hong Kong SAR Government. The purpose of the funding was to provide financial
                 support to enterprises to retain their current employees or hire more employees when the business revives. Under the terms of the
                 grant, the Group was required to employ a sufficient number of employees with reference to its proposed employee headcounts in
                 each subsidy month.


     7     OTHER NET LOSSES

                                                                                                                2024                      2023
                                                                                                               $’000                     $’000
            Gain on disposals of property, plant and equipment (note 26(b))                                       52                        17
            Realised gain on foreign exchange forward contracts                                                    –                       262
            Net foreign exchange gains/(loss)                                                                    815                    (1,297)
            Change in fair values of investment properties (note 14)                                         (19,000)                   (3,600)
                                                                                                             (18,133)                   (4,618)




76   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




8     LOSS FROM OPERATIONS

      Loss from operations is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                          2024                  2023
                                                                                         $’000                 $’000
       Auditor’s remuneration
       – audit services                                                                  2,120                 2,120
       – other services                                                                    543                   402
       Depreciation
       – owned property, plant and equipment                                             7,413                 6,348
       – right-of-use assets                                                             2,650                 2,601
       Lease payment not included in the measurement of
          lease liabilities                                                                950                 1,058
       Cost of inventories recognised as expense                                     1,635,373             2,128,867
       Reversal of write-down of inventories                                            (3,554)               (1,540)
       Recognition/(reversal) of credit losses of trade receivables                         37                  (500)


9     NET FINANCE INCOME/(COSTS)

                                                                                          2024                  2023
                                                                                         $’000                 $’000
       Interest income                                                                   2,664                 1,237
       Interest on lease liabilities                                                      (266)                 (309)
       Interest on bank borrowings                                                        (141)               (5,569)
                                                                                         2,257                (4,641)


10 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSE (INCLUDING DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION)

                                                                                          2024                  2023
                                                                                         $’000                 $’000
       Wages, salaries and allowances                                                   64,695                61,630
       Post-employment benefits – pension                                                1,210                 1,671
       (Reversal)/addition of employee retirement benefit obligations                   (1,267)                4,470
                                                                                        64,638                67,771




                                                                       LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024   77
     Notes to the consolidated financial statements
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




     11 INCOME TAX

           (a)   Taxation in the consolidated statement of profit or loss represents:

                                                                                                     2024                   2023
                                                                                                    $’000                  $’000
                  Current tax
                  – Hong Kong Profits Tax                                                             228                    191
                  – Mainland China Corporate Income Tax                                             1,817                  9,116
                  Under-provision in prior years                                                       24                    310
                                                                                                    2,069                  9,617
                  Deferred tax (note 23)                                                            1,975                   (172)
                  Income tax expense                                                                4,044                  9,445

                 The provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax is calculated by applying the tax rate of 16.5% (2023: 16.5%) for the
                 year. Taxation for Mainland China’s subsidiaries is similarly calculated using the tax rate of 25% (2023: 25%) for
                 the year.


           (b)   Reconciliation between tax expense and accounting loss at applicable tax rates:

                                                                                                     2024                   2023
                                                                                                    $’000                  $’000
                  Loss before taxation                                                            (45,806)               (35,148)
                  Notional tax on loss before taxation, calculated at rates
                    applicable in the jurisdictions concerned                                      (8,031)                (3,207)
                  Income not subject to tax                                                        (2,745)                (2,194)
                  Expenses not deductible for tax purposes                                          6,069                  4,944
                  Tax losses not recognised                                                        11,276                 10,326
                  Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses                                (2,561)                  (970)
                  Under-provision in prior years                                                       24                    310
                  Others                                                                               12                    236
                  Income tax expense                                                                4,044                  9,445




78   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




12 LOSS PER SHARE

      (a)   Basic loss per share
            Basic loss per share is calculated by dividing the loss attributable to equity shareholders of the Company by the
            average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year.

                                                                                               2024                   2023
             Loss attributable to equity shareholders
               of the Company ($’000)                                                      (49,694)               (44,469)
             Average number of ordinary shares in issue (’000)                             828,750                828,750
             Basic loss per share (Hong Kong cents)                                            (6.00)                (5.37)


      (b)   Diluted loss per share
            Diluted loss per share for the years ended 31 March 2024 and 2023 are the same as basic loss per share as
            there were no potential dilutive ordinary shares outstanding during the years.


13 DIVIDENDS

      (a)   Dividend payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the year
            The directors did not recommend the payment of interim and final dividend for the years ended 31 March
            2024 and 2023. The final dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period has not been recognised as a
            liability at the end of the reporting period.


      (b)   Dividend payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the previous financial
            year, approved and paid during the year

                                                                                               2024                   2023
                                                                                              $’000                  $’000
             Final dividend in respect of the previous year,
                approved and paid during the year, of $Nil
                (2023: $0.01) per ordinary share                                                   –                 8,288




                                                                           LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024     79
     Notes to the consolidated financial statements
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




     14 INVESTMENT PROPERTIES AND OTHER PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                        Right-of-use    Right-of-use    Right-of-use
                                             assets –        assets –        assets –                                                           Furniture,
                                           leasehold      properties     machineries                                  Motor                  fixtures and
                                       land held for    held for own    held for own                  Leasehold     vehicles                        office   Computer                Investment
                                             own use              use             use   Buildings improvements     and yacht    Machinery      equipment       system    Sub-total    properties     Total
                                               $’000           $’000           $’000        $’000         $’000        $’000        $’000           $’000        $’000      $’000          $’000     $’000
           Cost or valuation:

           At 1 April 2023                   24,227            8,980           6,816      16,271         42,689      36,353        36,743           9,306      13,268     194,653       137,900    332,553
           Exchange difference                  (65)            (177)              –        (736)            (2)        (23)         (601)           (170)       (137)     (1,911)            –     (1,911)
           Additions                              –            2,939               –           –            838         908        21,571             283         401      26,940             –     26,940
           Disposals                              –                –               –           –              –      (1,334)         (706)              –           –      (2,040)            –     (2,040)
           Fair value change                      –                –               –           –              –           –             –               –           –           –       (19,000)   (19,000)
           At 31 March 2024                  24,162           11,742           6,816      15,535         43,525      35,904        57,007           9,419      13,532     217,642       118,900    336,542
           Representing:
           Cost                              24,162           11,742           6,816      15,535         43,525      35,904        57,007           9,419      13,532     217,642             –    217,642
           Valuation – 2024                       –                –               –           –              –           –             –               –           –           –       118,900    118,900
           At 31 March 2024                  24,162           11,742           6,816      15,535         43,525      35,904        57,007           9,419      13,532     217,642       118,900    336,542
           Accumulated depreciation
             and impairment losses:

           At 1 April 2023                   15,841            7,360             722      15,857         37,688      35,402        29,211           7,488      11,792     161,361             –    161,361
           Exchange difference                  (29)            (100)              –        (574)            (2)        (14)         (523)           (110)       (107)     (1,459)            –     (1,459)
           Depreciation charge
             for the year                        232           1,876             542        252           2,047          406        3,767             334         607      10,063             –     10,063
           Written back on disposals               –               –               –          –               –       (1,334)        (659)              –           –      (1,993)            –     (1,993)
           At 31 March 2024                  16,044            9,136           1,264      15,535         39,733      34,460        31,796           7,712      12,292     167,972             –    167,972
           Net book value:

           At 31 March 2024                    8,118           2,606           5,552           –          3,792       1,444        25,211           1,707        1,240     49,670       118,900    168,570




80   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




14 INVESTMENT PROPERTIES AND OTHER PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

                                    Right-of-use    Right-of-use    Right-of-use
                                         assets –        assets –        assets –                                                           Furniture,
                                       leasehold      properties     machineries                                  Motor                  fixtures and
                                   land held for    held for own    held for own                  Leasehold      vehicles                       office   Computer                Investment
                                         own use              use             use   Buildings improvements     and yacht    Machinery     equipment        system    Sub-total    properties     Total
                                           $’000           $’000           $’000       $’000          $’000        $’000        $’000           $’000       $’000       $’000          $’000     $’000
      Cost or valuation:

      At 1 April 2022                    30,229            8,949           6,816     20,823          42,703      35,681        37,340          8,915       13,158    204,614        104,900    309,514
      Exchange difference                  (102)            (360)              –     (1,152)              3         (34)         (975)          (228)        (190)    (3,038)             –     (3,038)
      Additions                               –              391               –          –             656         706           883            691          300      3,627              –      3,627
      Disposals                               –                –               –          –               –           –          (505)           (65)           –       (570)             –       (570)
      Transfer from land and
        building to investment
        property                          (5,900)              –               –      (3,400)          (673)           –            –              (7)          –      (9,980)       36,600     26,620
      Fair value change                        –               –               –           –              –            –            –               –           –           –        (3,600)    (3,600)
      At 31 March 2023                   24,227            8,980           6,816     16,271          42,689      36,353        36,743          9,306       13,268    194,653        137,900    332,553
      Representing:
      Cost                               24,227            8,980           6,816     16,271          42,689      36,353        36,743          9,306       13,268    194,653              –    194,653
      Valuation – 2023                        –                –               –          –               –           –             –              –            –          –        137,900    137,900
      At 31 March 2023                   24,227            8,980           6,816     16,271          42,689      36,353        36,743          9,306       13,268    194,653        137,900    332,553
      Accumulated depreciation
        and impairment losses:

      At 1 April 2022                    18,413            5,762             180     17,615          36,207      34,569        28,577          7,413       11,239    159,975              –    159,975
      Exchange difference                   (43)            (228)              –       (859)              1         (14)         (806)          (162)        (141)    (2,252)             –     (2,252)
      Depreciation charge
         for the year                        233           1,826             542         478          2,130          847        1,895            304          694       8,949             –      8,949
      Written back on disposals                –               –               –           –              –            –         (455)           (60)           –        (515)            –       (515)
      Elimination on revaluation          (2,762)              –               –      (1,377)          (650)           –            –             (7)           –      (4,796)            –     (4,796)
      At 31 March 2023                   15,841            7,360             722     15,857          37,688      35,402        29,211          7,488       11,792    161,361              –    161,361
      Net book value:

      At 31 March 2023                    8,386            1,620           6,094        414           5,001          951        7,532          1,818        1,476      33,292       137,900    171,192


      The Group’s investment properties are situated in Hong Kong and are held under medium term leases.




                                                                                                                            LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024                              81
     Notes to the consolidated financial statements
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




     14 INVESTMENT PROPERTIES AND OTHER PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

           Fair value measurement
           Fair value hierarchy
           The following table presents the fair value of the Group’s properties measured at the end of the reporting period
           on a recurring basis, categorised into the three-level fair value hierarchy as defined in HKFRS 13, Fair value
           measurement. The level into which a fair value measurement is classified is determined with reference to the
           observability and significance of the inputs used in the valuation technique as follows:

           –       Level 1 valuations:       Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs i.e. unadjusted quoted prices in active
                                             markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date

           –       Level 2 valuations:       Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs i.e. observable inputs which fail to meet
                                             Level 1, and not using significant unobservable inputs. Unobservable inputs are
                                             inputs for which market data are not available

           –       Level 3 valuations:       Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs

           The fair value measurement of the investment properties as at 31 March 2024 and 2023 was categorised into level 3.

           There were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2, or transfers into or out of Level 3 during the year ended 31
           March 2024 (2023: Nil). The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers between levels of fair value hierarchy as at the
           end of the reporting period in which they occur.

           The valuation of the investment properties at fair value as at 31 March 2024 were performed by the Group’s
           independent valuer, Jones Lang LaSalle Limited, who have among their staff Fellows of the Hong Kong Institute
           of Surveyors with recent experience in the location and category of property being valued, using the market
           comparison method. The Group’s management has reviewed the valuation results performed by the independent
           valuer for financial reporting purposes by verifying all major inputs and assumptions, and assessing the
           reasonableness of property valuation. Such valuation is performed at each interim and annual reporting date and is
           reviewed and approved by senior management.

           The unobservable input used for the Level 3 fair value measurements is as follows:

                                                                                                    2024                   2023
               (Discount)/premium on quality of the properties                                  (8%)-20%              (13%)-3%

           The fair value of investment properties is determined using market comparison approach by reference to recent
           sales price of comparable properties on a price per square foot basis, adjusted for a premium or a discount specific
           to the quality of the Group’s property compared to the recent sales. Higher premium for higher quality property will
           result in a higher fair value measurement.




82   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




14 INVESTMENT PROPERTIES AND OTHER PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

      Fair value measurement (Continued)
      Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
      The movements during the year in the balance of these level 3 fair value measurements are disclosed in note 14.
      Change in fair value of investment property of $19,000,000 has been charged to profit or loss during the year ended
      31 March 2024 (2023: $3,600,000).

      The Group’s property with carrying value of HK$36,600,000 was transferred to investment property as a result of
      change in use from self-occupation during the year ended 31 March 2023.


      Investment properties
      The Group leases out investment properties under operating leases. The leases typically run for an initial period of 1
      to 3 years.

      Undiscounted lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases in place at the reporting date will be
      receivable by the Group in future periods as follows:

                                                                                                 2024                 2023
                                                                                                $’000                $’000
       Within 1 year                                                                            5,390                1,293
       After 1 year but within 2 years                                                          2,886                1,205
       After 2 years but within 3 years                                                             –                  500
                                                                                                8,276                2,998


      Right-of-use assets
      The analysis of the net book value of right-of-use assets by class of underlying asset is as follows:

                                                                                                 2024                 2023
                                                                        Note                    $’000                $’000
       Leasehold land held for own use                                    (i)                   8,118                8,386
       Properties held for own use                                       (ii)                   2,606                1,620
       Machineries held for own use                                      (iii)                  5,552                6,094
                                                                                               16,276               16,100




                                                                             LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024   83
     Notes to the consolidated financial statements
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




     14 INVESTMENT PROPERTIES AND OTHER PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

           Right-of-use assets (Continued)
           The analysis of expense items in relation to leases recognised in profit or loss is as follows:

                                                                                                        2024                   2023
                                                                                                       $’000                  $’000
             Depreciation charge on right-of-use assets:

             Leasehold land held for own use, with remaining
               lease term between 10 and 50 years                                                        232                    233
             Machineries held for own use                                                                542                    542
             Properties held for own use                                                               1,876                  1,826
                                                                                                       2,650                  2,601
             Interest on lease liabilities (note 9)                                                      266                    309

           During the year ended 31 March 2024, additions to right-of-use assets were $2,939,000 (2023: $391,000). This
           amount primarily related to the capitalise lease payments payable under new/renewed rental agreements.

           Details of the maturity analysis of lease liabilities are set out in note 24.

           (i)     Leasehold land held for own use
                   The Group holds several industrial buildings for its metal trading business, where its manufacturing facilities are
                   primarily located. The Group is the registered owner of these property interests, including the whole or part
                   of undivided share in the underlying land. Lump sum payments were made upfront to acquire these property
                   interests from their previous registered owners, and there are no ongoing payments to be made under
                   the terms of the land lease, other than payments based on rateable values set by the relevant government
                   authorities. These payments vary from time to time and are payable to the relevant government authorities.

           (ii)    Properties held for own use
                   The Group has obtained the right to use other properties as its warehouses and offices through tenancy
                   agreements. The leases typically run for an initial period of two to three years.

           (iii)   Machineries held for own use
                   The Group has also obtained the right to use of solar panels through a lease arrangement which runs for a
                   period of thirteen years.




84   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




15 FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

                                                                                               2024                   2023
                                                                                              $’000                  $’000
       Financial assets at FVOCI (non-recycling)

       Equity securities listed in Hong Kong at fair value                                    5,238                  6,872
       Unlisted limited partnership, at fair value                                                –                      –
                                                                                              5,238                  6,872

      The Group designated its investments in Dai Ming International Holdings Limited (HKSE: 1090) and the unlisted
      limited partnership at FVOCI under HKFRS 9 as these investments are held for strategic purposes. Dai Ming
      International Holdings Limited is principally engaged in the processing, distribution and sale of stainless steel
      products and carbon steel products in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”).

      The equity securities listed in Hong Kong are denominated in Hong Kong dollars while investment in the unlisted
      limited partnership is denominated in United Kingdom Pounds.

      The investment cost of unlisted limited partnership of $7,046,000 was fully impaired in prior years as it is expected
      to be irrecoverable by management as a result of the financial difficulties experienced by the investee. Accordingly,
      management estimated the fair value of the investment in unlisted partnership at 31 March 2024 and 2023 to be nil.


16 INVENTORIES

                                                                                               2024                   2023
                                                                                              $’000                  $’000
       Finished goods                                                                      183,646                287,919
       Less: write-down of inventories                                                      (5,019)                (8,341)
                                                                                           178,627                279,578

      The cost of inventories recognised as expense and included in “cost of sales” amounted to $1,635,373,000 (2023:
      $2,128,867,000) during the year ended 31 March 2024.




                                                                           LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024   85
     Notes to the consolidated financial statements
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




     17 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENTS

                                                                                                   2024                   2023
                                                                                                  $’000                  $’000
            Non-current portion

            Prepayments for purchase of property, plant and equipment                               830                 16,010
            Current portion

            Trade receivables, net of loss allowance                                            188,526               182,589
            Prepayments to suppliers                                                             31,730                17,032
            Deposits                                                                              1,548                 1,366
            Other receivables                                                                    15,108                21,665
                                                                                                236,912               222,652
                                                                                                237,742               238,662

           All of the current portion of trade and other receivables are expected to be recovered or recognised as expense
           within one year. At the end of the reporting period, the ageing of trade receivables, based on invoice date and net of
           loss allowance, is as follows:

                                                                                                   2024                   2023
                                                                                                  $’000                  $’000
            Within 1 month                                                                      128,985               141,326
            Over 1 but within 2 months                                                           34,035                34,915
            Over 2 but within 3 months                                                           17,292                 6,332
            Over 3 months                                                                         8,214                    16
                                                                                                188,526               182,589

           The carrying amounts of the trade receivables are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                                   2024                   2023
                                                                                                  $’000                  $’000
            HK dollars                                                                            5,397                 5,777
            US dollars                                                                           43,982                41,849
            New Taiwan dollars                                                                   10,544                 8,613
            Renminbi                                                                            127,760               126,118
            Thai Baht                                                                               843                   232
                                                                                                188,526               182,589




86   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




17 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENTS (Continued)

      The ageing of trade receivables, based on due date and net of loss allowance, is as follows:

                                                                                                  2024                   2023
                                                                                                 $’000                  $’000
       Current                                                                                118,554                133,987
       Within 1 month past due                                                                 53,538                 40,939
       Over 1 but within 2 months past due                                                      9,817                  7,628
       Over 2 but within 3 months past due                                                      6,611                     24
       Over 3 months past due                                                                       6                     11
                                                                                              188,526                182,589

      Further details on the Group’s credit policy and credit risk arising from trade receivables are set out in note 3(a)(iv).


18 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

                                                                                                  2024                   2023
                                                                                                 $’000                  $’000
       Cash at bank and on hand                                                               226,796                221,000
       Short-term bank deposits                                                                37,783                      –
                                                                                              264,579                221,000

      The weighted average effective interest rate on short-term bank deposits of the Group was 1.94% per annum as at
      31 March 2024.

      Cash at bank earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates.

      The carrying amounts of bank balances and cash are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                                  2024                   2023
                                                                                                 $’000                  $’000
       HK dollars                                                                              17,923                 23,715
       US dollars                                                                             169,832                106,197
       New Taiwan dollars                                                                       7,360                 11,264
       Renminbi                                                                                58,651                 75,117
       Others                                                                                  10,813                  4,707
                                                                                              264,579                221,000




                                                                             LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024     87
     Notes to the consolidated financial statements
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




     19 SHARE CAPITAL

           Authorised and issued capital

                                                                                         Number of shares        Nominal amount
                                                                                                     ’000                  $’000
             Authorised:

             At 1 April 2022, 31 March 2023, 1 April 2023 and 31 March 2024                       8,000,000                800,000


             Issued and fully paid – ordinary shares of $0.1 each:

             At 1 April 2022, 31 March 2023, 1 April 2023 and 31 March 2024                         828,750                  82,875


     20 RESERVES

           Movements in components of equity
           The reconciliation between the opening and closing balances of each component of the Group’s consolidated equity
           is set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Details of the changes in the Company’s individual
           components of equity between the beginning and the end of the year are set out in note 28(a) to the financial
           statements.


           Nature and purpose of reserves
           (i)     Share premium
                   Pursuant to the Companies Law (2004 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, the share premium account is
                   distributable to the shareholders of the Company, provided that immediately following the date on which the
                   dividend is proposed to be distributed, the Company will be in a position to pay off its debts as and when they
                   fall due in the ordinary course of business.

           (ii)    Merger reserve
                   The merger reserve arose from an adjustment to eliminate the Group’s share of share capital of a then non-
                   wholly owned subsidiary against the Group’s investment cost in the subsidiary using the principle of merger
                   accounting in respect of a business combination under common control during the year ended 31 December
                   2007.

           (iii)   Reserve funds
                   In accordance with the relevant rules and regulations, the Group’s entities registered in the Mainland China
                   are required to transfer part of its profit after income tax to reserve funds. The transfer is also subject to the
                   approval of the respective board of directors of these entities, in accordance with their articles of association.




88   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




20 RESERVES (Continued)

      Nature and purpose of reserves (Continued)
      (iv)   Fair value reserve (non-recycling)
             The fair value reserve (non-recycling) comprises the cumulative net change in the fair value of equity
             investments designated at FVOCI under HKFRS 9 that are held at the end of the reporting period (see note
             2(j)).

      (v)    Property revaluation reserve
             The property revaluation reserve has been set up and is dealt with in accordance with the accounting policies
             set out in note 2(e).


21 TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES

                                                                                                2024                     2023
                                                                                               $’000                    $’000
       Trade and other payables

       Trade payables                                                                          1,627                    5,119
       Accrued expenses and other payables                                                    11,667                   11,073
                                                                                              13,294                   16,192

       Contract liabilities                                                                    9,838                    8,704
                                                                                              23,132                   24,896


      (a)    Trade and other payables
             Trade and other payables are expected to be settled within one year or are repayable on demand.

             At the end of the reporting period, the ageing of trade payables, based on invoice date, is as follows:

                                                                                                2024                     2023
                                                                                               $’000                    $’000
              Within 1 month                                                                   1,527                    4,731
              Over 1 but within 3 months                                                          83                      371
              Over 3 months                                                                       17                       17
                                                                                               1,627                    5,119




                                                                            LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024    89
     Notes to the consolidated financial statements
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




     21 TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES (Continued)

           (a)   Trade and other payables (Continued)
                 The carrying amounts of trade payables are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                                      2024               2023
                                                                                                     $’000              $’000
                  HK dollars                                                                            56                  –
                  US dollars                                                                           341              2,273
                  Renminbi                                                                           1,230              2,846
                                                                                                     1,627              5,119


           (b)   Contract liabilities
                 The Group receives deposits from customers for sale of goods. This amount is recognised as a contract liability
                 until the sales are completed and the goods are legally assigned to the customers.

                                                                                                      2024               2023
                                                                                                     $’000              $’000
                  Movements in contract liabilities

                  Balance at 1 April                                                                 8,704              7,457
                  Decrease in contract liabilities as a result of recognising
                    revenue during the year that was included in the contract
                    liabilities at the beginning of the year                                     (5,769)               (7,457)
                  Increase in contract liabilities as a result of receiving
                    prepayments from customers during the year in respect
                    of goods not yet delivered as at 31 March                                        6,903              8,704
                  Balance at 31 March                                                                9,838              8,704

                 The contract liabilities are expected to be recognised as income within one year.


     22 BANK BORROWINGS

                                                                                                      2024               2023
                                                                                                     $’000              $’000
            Current portion of bank borrowings                                                       5,482              1,500
            Non-current portion of bank borrowings with
              repayable on demand clause                                                                –               1,250
                                                                                                     5,482              2,750




90   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




22 BANK BORROWINGS (Continued)

                                                                                               2024                 2023
                                                                                              $’000                $’000
       Analysed into bank borrowings repayable:

       Within 1 year or on demand                                                             5,482                1,500
       After 1 year but within 2 years                                                            –                1,250
                                                                                              5,482                2,750

      As at 31 March 2024 and 2023, all the bank borrowings were guaranteed by the Company.

      As at 31 March 2024, HK$420,000,000 (2023: HK$420,000,000) of the Group’s banking facilities were subject to the
      fulfilment of covenants. If the Group were to breach the covenants the drawn down facilities would become payable
      on demand. The Group regularly monitors its compliance with these covenants. None of the covenants relating to
      drawn down facilities had been breached as at 31 March 2024 and 2023.

      The carrying amounts of the bank borrowings are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                               2024                 2023
                                                                                              $’000                $’000
       HK dollars                                                                             1,250                2,750
       US dollars                                                                             4,232                    –
                                                                                              5,482                2,750

      The effective interest rates (per annum) at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

                                                                                               2024                 2023
       Bank borrowings                                                                       6.99%                 5.57%




                                                                           LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024   91
     Notes to the consolidated financial statements
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




     23 DEFERRED TAX

           Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets
           against current tax liabilities and when the deferred income taxes relate to the same fiscal authority. The following
           amounts, determined after appropriate offsetting, are shown in the consolidated statement of financial position:

                                                                                                          2024                             2023
                                                                                                         $’000                            $’000
            Deferred tax assets                                                                          2,703                          2,702
            Deferred tax liabilities                                                                   (10,832)                        (8,856)
                                                                                                        (8,129)                        (6,154)

           The net movement on the deferred tax is as follows:

                                                                                                          2024                             2023
                                                                                                         $’000                            $’000
            At beginning of the year                                                                    (6,154)                        (1,143)
            (Charged)/credited to profit or loss (note 11)                                              (1,975)                           172
            Charged to other comprehensive income                                                            –                         (5,183)
            At end of the year                                                                          (8,129)                        (6,154)

           The movement in deferred tax assets and liabilities during the year, without taking into consideration the offsetting
           of balances within the same tax jurisdiction, is as follows:

                                                            Deferred tax assets                                Deferred tax liabilities
                                                                                   Accelerated
                                                             Unrealised profit      accounting       Accelerated tax           Revaluation
                                            Tax losses        on inventories       depreciation       depreciation               of assets
                                           2024      2023      2024      2023      2024      2023     2024      2023           2024       2023
                                          $’000     $’000     $’000     $’000     $’000     $’000    $’000     $’000          $’000      $’000
            At beginning of the year      1,008    1,008        172       185     2,530    2,539     (1,933)      (2,127)    (7,931)      (2,748)
            Credited/(charged) to
              profit or loss                  –         –        15       (13)      (14)       (9)   (1,976)         194          –            –
            Charged to other
              comprehensive income            –         –          –        –         –        –          –            –          –       (5,183)
            At end of the year            1,008    1,008        187       172     2,516    2,530     (3,909)      (1,933)    (7,931)      (7,931)


           Deferred tax assets not recognised
           Deferred tax assets are recognised for tax loss carried forward to the extent that the realisation of the related tax
           benefit through future taxable profits is probable. The Group did not recognise deferred tax assets of $74,490,000
           (2023: $65,775,000) in respect of tax losses amounting to $451,450,000 (2023: $398,634,000) that can be carried
           forward against future taxable income. The tax losses arose in Hong Kong and have no expiry date.



92   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




23 DEFERRED TAX (Continued)

      Deferred tax liabilities not recognised
      Pursuant to the Mainland China Corporate Income Tax Law, a 10% withholding tax is levied on dividends declared by
      foreign investment enterprises established in Mainland China for distribution to foreign investors. The requirement
      is effective from 1 January 2008 onwards, and applies to earnings after 31 December 2007. The Group is therefore
      liable for withholding taxes on dividends distributed by the subsidiaries established in Mainland China in respect of
      earnings generated from 1 January 2008 onwards.

      No deferred tax liabilities have been recognised for withholding taxes on the unremitted earnings, which are subject
      to the abovementioned withholding taxes, of the Group’s subsidiaries established in Mainland China. In the opinion
      of the directors, it is not probable that these subsidiaries will distribute such earnings in the foreseeable future. The
      aggregate amount of temporary differences associated with investments in the subsidiaries in Mainland China for
      which deferred tax liabilities have not been recognised totalled approximately $42,565,000 at 31 March 2024 (2023:
      $55,594,000).


24 LEASE LIABILITIES

      The following table shows the remaining contractual maturities of the Group’s lease liabilities at the end of the
      reporting period:

                                                                 2024                                   2023
                                                          Present                                Present
                                                      value of the              Total        value of the              Total
                                                        minimum             minimum            minimum             minimum
                                                             lease              lease               lease              lease
                                                        payments            payments           payments            payments
                                                            $’000              $’000               $’000              $’000
      Within 1 year                                           2,518             2,794               1,864              2,085
      After 1 year but within 2 years                         1,181             1,370                 815                990
      After 2 years but within 5 years                        1,680             2,041               1,647              2,058
      After 5 years                                           2,920             3,146               3,494              3,822
                                                              5,781             6,557               5,956              6,870
                                                              8,299             9,351               7,820              8,955
      Less: total future interest expenses                                      (1,052)                               (1,135)
      Present value of lease liabilities                                        8,299                                  7,820




                                                                            LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024      93
     Notes to the consolidated financial statements
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




     25 SUBSIDIARIES

                                                                                                                      The Company
                                                                                                                       2024                  2023
                                                                                                                      $’000                 $’000
            Unlisted shares, at cost                                                                               224,379               224,379
            Amounts due from subsidiaries                                                                          917,619               916,151
                                                                                                                 1,141,998              1,140,530
            Less: impairment loss                                                                                 (349,922)              (322,363)
                                                                                                                   792,076               818,167

           As the Group has been loss making continuously, there was an indication that the carrying value of the Company’s
           interests in subsidiaries as at 31 March 2024 may be impaired. Management has therefore assessed the recoverable
           amount of interests in subsidiaries and an impairment loss of $27,559,000 was recognised in the Company’s profit or
           loss during the year ended 31 March 2024.

           The following is a list of principal subsidiaries at 31 March 2024:

                                            Place of incorporation            Principal activities and         Issued capital/
            Company name                    and kind of legal entity          place of operation               paid-up capital   Interest held
                                                                                                                                  2024         2023
            Lee Kee Group (BVI) limited     British Virgin Islands (“BVI”),   Investment holding in BVI            2 shares of   100%        100%
                                               limited liability company                                           HK$1 each

            Lee City Asia Company Limited Hong Kong, limited liability        Property holding in Hong Kong           $10,000    100%        100%
                                            company

            Lee Fung MetaI Company          Hong Kong, limited liability      Trading of non-ferrous metal          $100,000     100%        100%
              Limited                         company                           in Hong Kong

            Lee Kee Group Limited           Hong Kong, limited liability      Investment holding in Hong               $1,000    100%        100%
                                              company                            Kong

            Lee Kee Metal Company           Hong Kong, limited liability      Trading of zinc and zinc alloy       $5,000,000    100%        100%
              Limited                         company                           in Hong Kong

            Lee Kee International Limited   Hong Kong, limited liability      Trading of non-ferrous metals         $100,000     100%        100%
                                              company                           in Hong Kong

            Lee Yip Metal Products          Hong Kong, limited liability      Trading of stainless steel in        $1,000,000    100%        100%
              Company Limited                 company                           Hong Kong




94   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




25 SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                        Place of incorporation         Principal activities and        Issued capital/
       Company name                     and kind of legal entity       place of operation              paid-up capital   Interest held
                                                                                                                          2024         2023
       Essence Metal (Asia) Company Hong Kong, limited liability       Manufacturing and trading                   $1    100%        100%
         Limited                      company                           of customised zinc alloy in
                                                                        Hong Kong

       Promet Metals Testing            Hong Kong, limited liability   Provision of technical                      $1    100%        100%
         Laboratory Limited               company                        consultancy services in
                                                                         Hong Kong

       Silver Goal International        Hong Kong, limited liability   Property holding in Hong Kong               $1    100%        100%
          Limited                         company

       Standard Glory Management        Hong Kong, limited liability   Provision of management                $10,000    100%        100%
         Limited                          company                        services in Hong Kong

       Toba Company Limited             Hong Kong, limited liability   Property holding in Hong Kong          $10,000    100%        100%
                                          company

       InnoHealth Solutions &           Hong Kong, limited liability   Integrated E platform and              $10,000    100%        100%
         Technology Limited               company                         medical supply chain
                                                                          services

       LKG Elite (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.   The PRC, limited liability     Distribution of non-ferrous     RMB30,954,000     100%         100%
                                          company                        metals in Mainland China

       LKG Elite (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd. The PRC, limited liability      Distribution of non-ferrous      RMB5,020,000     100%         100%
                                         company                         metals in Mainland China

       LKG Elite (Wuxi) Co., Ltd.       The PRC, limited liability     Distribution of non-ferrous      USD3,600,000     100%         100%
                                          company                        metals in Mainland China

       Genesis Recycling Technology BVI, limited liability company     Investment holding in BVI            2,100,000    100%         100%
         (BVI) Limited                                                                                 shares of USD1
                                                                                                                 each

       Genesis Alloys (Ningbo)          The PRC, limited liability     Manufacturing and trading        USD9,000,000     100%         100%
         Limited                          company                       of zinc alloy products in
                                                                        Mainland China

      Lee Kee Group (BVI) Limited is directly held by the Company. All of the other entities disclosed above are held
      indirectly by the Company through Lee Kee Group (BVI) Limited.


                                                                                         LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024     95
     Notes to the consolidated financial statements
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




     26 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

           (a)   Reconciliation of loss before taxation to net cash generated from operations:

                                                                                        2024               2023
                                                                                       $’000              $’000
                  Loss before taxation                                               (45,806)           (35,148)
                    Adjustments for:
                    Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                     10,063              8,949
                    Interest income                                                   (2,664)            (1,237)
                    Interest on bank borrowings                                          141              5,569
                    Interest on lease liabilities                                        266                309
                    Change in fair values of investment properties                    19,000              3,600
                    Dividend income from listed securities                                 –               (250)
                    Gain on disposals of property, plant and equipment                   (52)               (17)
                    (Reversal)/recognition of employee retirement benefit
                       obligations                                                     (1,267)            4,470
                    Reversal of write-down of inventories                              (3,554)           (1,540)
                    Recognition/(reversal) of credit losses of trade
                       receivables                                                        37               (500)
                    Effect of foreign exchange rates changes                           5,658              8,879

                  Changes in working capital:
                    Decrease in inventories                                           99,312            125,317
                    (Increase)/decrease in trade and other receivables               (22,062)            93,667
                    Decrease in trade and other payables and contract
                       liabilities                                                     (3,812)           (8,938)
                  Net cash generated from operations                                  55,260            203,130


           (b)   In the consolidated statement of cash flows, proceeds from disposals of property, plant and
                 equipment comprise:

                                                                                        2024               2023
                                                                                       $’000              $’000
                  Disposals of property, plant and equipment:

                  Net book value                                                          47                   55
                  Gain on disposals of property, plant and equipment (note 7)             52                   17
                  Proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment                99                   72




96   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




26 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (Continued)

      (c)   Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
            The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities from financing activities, including both cash and
            non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are liabilities for which cash flows were, or future
            cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing
            activities.

                                                                                 Lease               Bank
                                                                             liabilities       borrowings                Total
                                                                                 $’000              $’000                $’000
                                                                             (note 24)           (note 22)
             At 1 April 2022                                                     9,868            140,705             150,573
             Changes from financing cash flows:
               Proceeds from new bank borrowings                                     –            588,990             588,990
               Repayment of bank borrowings                                          –           (726,945)           (726,945)
               Capital element of lease rentals paid                            (2,305)                 –              (2,305)
               Interest element of lease rentals paid                             (309)                 –                (309)
             Total changes from financing cash flows                            (2,614)          (137,955)           (140,569)
             Exchange adjustment                                                   (134)                  –               (134)
             Other changes:
               Interest expense (note 9)                                           309                    –                309
               Increase in lease liabilities from entering into
                  new leases during the year                                       391                    –                391
                Total other changes                                                700                    –                700
             At 31 March 2023                                                    7,820               2,750             10,570




                                                                             LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024      97
     Notes to the consolidated financial statements
     (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




     26 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (Continued)

           (c)   Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities (Continued)

                                                                                  Lease             Bank
                                                                              liabilities     borrowings         Total
                                                                                  $’000            $’000         $’000
                                                                              (note 24)         (note 22)
                  At 1 April 2023                                                 7,820               2,750     10,570
                  Changes from financing cash flows:
                    Proceeds from new bank borrowings                                 –                4,232     4,232
                    Repayment of bank borrowings                                      –               (1,500)   (1,500)
                    Capital element of lease rentals paid                        (2,405)                   –    (2,405)
                    Interest element of lease rentals paid                         (266)                   –      (266)
                  Total changes from financing cash flows                        (2,671)              2,732        61
                  Exchange adjustment                                                (55)                  –       (55)
                  Other changes:
                    Interest expense (note 9)                                       266                    –      266
                    Increase in lease liabilities from entering into
                       new leases during the year                                 2,939                    –     2,939
                     Total other changes                                          3,205                    –     3,205
                  At 31 March 2024                                                8,299               5,482     13,781


           (d)   Total cash outflow for leases
                 Amounts included in the statement of cash flows for leases comprise the following:

                                                                                                 2024             2023
                                                                                                $’000            $’000
                  Within operating cash flows                                                     950            1,058
                  Within financing cash flows                                                   2,671            2,614
                                                                                                3,621            3,672

                 These amounts relate to the following:

                                                                                                 2024             2023
                                                                                                $’000            $’000
                  Lease rentals paid                                                            3,621            3,672




98   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




27 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

      (a)   Transactions with related parties
            In addition to those disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements, the Group had the following
            significant transactions with related parties:

                                                                                              2024                   2023
                                                                                             $’000                  $’000
             Expense

             Rental paid to Sonic Gold Limited                                                  600                   600

            The Group paid rental expenses for a director’s quarter to Sonic Gold Limited, a company controlled by Ms
            Chan Yuen Shan, Clara, a director of the Company, at fixed sums as agreed by both parties.


      (b)   Key management compensation

                                                                                              2024                   2023
                                                                                             $’000                  $’000
             Salaries and other short term employee benefits                                15,293                 16,087
             Post-employment benefits – pension                                                117                    126
                                                                                            15,410                 16,213

            Key management has been identified as the executive directors, chief executive officer, chief operation officer,
            chief financial officer and senior personnel from various departments of the Group.

            Senior management remuneration
            The emoluments payable to the senior management of the Group as disclosed in section “Directors, Senior
            Management and Advisors” in the annual report during the year ended 31 March 2024 fell within the following
            emolument bands:

                                                                                              2024                   2023
             HK$0 to HK$1,000,000                                                                 1                      –
             HK$1,000,001 to HK$2,000,000                                                         –                      1
             HK$2,000,001 to HK$3,000,000                                                         1                      1
                                                                                                  2                      2




                                                                          LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024     99
      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




      28 COMPANY’S STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

                                                                                                2024                 2023
                                                                         Note                  $’000                $’000
             Non-current assets

             Interests in subsidiaries                                    25                792,076               818,167
             Current assets

             Prepayments and other receivables                                                 4,817                4,772
             Cash and cash equivalents                                                        15,920               16,018
                                                                                              20,737               20,790
             Current liabilities

             Other payables                                                                       23                    23
             Net current assets                                                               20,714               20,767
             Total assets less current liabilities                                          812,790               838,934

             Non-current liabilities

             Employee retirement benefit obligations                                             192                  984
             Net assets                                                                     812,598               837,950
             Capital and reserves (note a)

             Share capital                                                                   82,875                82,875
             Reserves                                                                       729,723               755,075
             Total equity                                                                   812,598               837,950

            The statement of financial position of the Company was approved by the Board of Directors on 24 May 2024 and was
            signed on its behalf.




            CHAN Pak Chung                                          CHAN Yuen Shan, Clara
            Director                                                Director




100   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




28 COMPANY’S STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (Continued)

      Note (a):     Changes in equity of the Company

                                                                                                     Capital
                                                       Share           Share     Contributed    redemption Accumulated
                                                      capital       premium          surplus        reserve     losses                Total
                                                                                      (Note)
                                                        $’000          $’000           $’000           $’000          $’000           $’000
       At 1 April 2023                                82,875         408,269         640,631             125       (293,950)        837,950
       Loss and total comprehensive
         income for the year                                –               –              –               –        (25,352)        (25,352)
       At 31 March 2024                               82,875         408,269         640,631             125       (319,302)        812,598
       At 1 April 2022                                82,875         416,557         640,631             125       (277,639)        862,549
       Loss and total comprehensive
         income for the year                                –               –              –               –        (16,311)        (16,311)
       Dividend paid in respect of the
         previous year (note 13(b))                         –          (8,288)             –               –               –         (8,288)
       At 31 March 2023                               82,875         408,269         640,631             125       (293,950)        837,950

      Note: The contributed surplus of the Company represents the value of the one share of Lee Kee Group (BVI) Limited allotted and issued
            to the Company at premium of approximately $640,631,000 at the direction of Mr Chan Pak Chung (“Mr Chan”) and pursuant to a
            deed of gift entered into between Mr Chan and the Company in consideration of the conversion of the ordinary shares of Lee Kee
            Group Limited held by Mr Chan to non-voting deferred shares in 2006.

            Pursuant to the Companies Law (2004 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, the contributed surplus is distributable to the shareholders
            of the Company, provided that immediately following the date on which the dividend is proposed to be distributed, the Company
            will be in a position to pay off its debts as and when they fall due in the ordinary course of business.




                                                                                    LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024            101
      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




      29 BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS (DISCLOSURES REQUIRED BY SECTION 383 OF
         THE HONG KONG COMPANIES ORDINANCE (CAP. 622) AND COMPANIES (DISCLOSURE OF
         INFORMATION ABOUT BENEFITS OF DIRECTORS) REGULATION (CAP. 622G))

            The remuneration of the directors for the years ended 31 March 2024 and 2023 are set out below.

                                                                                                          Employer’s
                                                                                                      contribution to
                                                                                                        a retirement
                                                                             Discretionary     Other          benefit
             Name of directors                            Fees      Salary        bonuses    benefits         scheme    Total
                                                                                             (Note 1)
                                                         $’000      $’000           $’000      $’000            $’000   $’000
             Year ended 31 March 2024

             Executive directors

             Mr Chan Pak Chung                               –      2,400               –          –               –    2,400
             Ms Chan Yuen Shan Clara
               (Chief executive officer)                     –      2,594               –        600              18    3,212
             Ms Okusako Chan Pui Shan Lillian                –      1,684               –          –              18    1,702
             Mr Chan Ka Chun Patrick                         –      1,630               –          –              18    1,648

             Non-executive director
             Mr Chung Wai Kwok, Jimmy (note 3)             240          –               –          –               –     240

             Independent non-executive directors
             Mr Ho Kwai Ching, Mark                        240          –               –          –               –     240
             Mr Tai Lun, Paul                              240          –               –          –               –     240
             Mr Wong Kam Fai, William (note 2)             240          –               –          –               –     240

                                                           960      8,308               –        600              54    9,922

             Year ended 31 March 2023

             Executive directors

             Mr Chan Pak Chung                               –      2,400               –          –               –    2,400
             Ms Chan Yuen Shan Clara
               (Chief executive officer)                     –      2,505               –        600              18    3,123
             Ms Okusako Chan Pui Shan Lillian                –      1,604               –          –              18    1,622
             Mr Chan Ka Chun Patrick                         –      1,553               –          –              18    1,571

             Non-executive director
             Mr Chung Wai Kwok, Jimmy (note 3)             240          –               –          –               –     240

             Independent non-executive directors
             Mr Ho Kwai Ching, Mark                        240          –               –          –               –     240
             Mr Tai Lun, Paul                              240          –               –          –               –     240
             Mr Wong Kam Fai, William (note 2)             118          –               –          –               –     118

                                                           838      8,062               –        600              54    9,554



102   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Notes to the consolidated financial statements
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




29 BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS (DISCLOSURES REQUIRED BY SECTION 383 OF
   THE HONG KONG COMPANIES ORDINANCE (CAP. 622) AND COMPANIES (DISCLOSURE OF
   INFORMATION ABOUT BENEFITS OF DIRECTORS) REGULATION (CAP. 622G)) (Continued)

      Notes:

      (1)      Other benefits include the rental expenses paid for a director’s quarter.

      (2)      Mr. Wong Kam Fai, William was appointed as independent non-executive director with effect from 4 October 2022.

      (3)      Mr. Chung Wai Kwok, Jimmy was redesignated from independent non-executive director to non-executive director with effect from
               4 October 2022.


      During the year, no payments or benefits in respect of termination of directors’ services were paid or made, directly
      or indirectly, to the directors; nor are any payable (2023: Nil). No consideration was provided to or receivable by
      third parties for making available directors’ services (2023: Nil). There are no loans, quasi-loans or other dealings in
      favour of the directors, their controlled bodies corporate and connected entities (2023: Nil).

      No director of the Company had a material interest, directly or indirectly, in any significant transactions,
      arrangements and contracts in relation to the Company’s business to which the Company was or is a party that
      subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year (2023: None).

      No emoluments have been paid to the directors of the Company or the five highest paid individuals as an
      inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office (2023: Nil).


      Five highest paid individuals

      The five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in the Group during the year include four (2023: four)
      directors whose emoluments are reflected within this note above.

      The emoluments payable to the remaining one (2023: one) of the five highest paid individuals during the year are as
      follows:

                                                                                                              2024                  2023
                                                                                                             $’000                 $’000
       Salaries and other allowances                                                                         2,220                 2,658
       Post-employment benefits – pension                                                                       18                    18
                                                                                                             2,238                 2,676

      The emoluments payable to this individual during the year fell within the following emolument bands:

                                                                                                         Number of individuals
                                                                                                            2024                    2023
       $2,000,001 to $2,500,000                                                                                   1                     1




                                                                                           LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024    103
      Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)




      30 COMMITMENTS

            Capital commitments outstanding at 31 March 2024 not provided for in the financial statements were as follows:

                                                                                                  2024                  2023
                                                                                                 $’000                 $’000
             Contracted for acquisition of plant and machinery                                     247                 3,806


      31 ULTIMATE AND IMMEDIATE HOLDING COMPANIES

            At 31 March 2024, the directors consider Gold Alliance International Management Limited and Gold Alliance Global
            Services Limited, both of which are incorporated in the British Virgin Islands, to be the ultimate and immediate
            holding companies of the Company, respectively. Neither of them produces financial statements available for public
            use.




104   LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024
Particulars of Investment Properties



                                                                                               Attributable
                                                                                             interest of the
Location                                             Existing Use         Lease Term                  Group


Investment properties

Ground Floor of No.282 and No.284 Lai Chi Kok        Shop                 Medium                      100%
Road and 1st Floor of Nos.282 and 282A Lai Chi Kok
Road, Man On Building, Kowloon

Office G on 31st Floor and Car Parking Nos. P27,     Office               Medium                      100%
P28 and P29 on 7th Floor, COS Centre,
No. 56 Tsun Yip Street, Kowloon, Hong Kong

The Remaining Portion of Lot No. 1931 and            Warehouse            Medium                      100%
the Remaining Portions of Sub-sections 2 & 3 of
Section B of Lot No. 1932 in D.D. 76, Ma Mei Ha,
Sha Tau Kok, New Territories, Hong Kong




                                                              LEE KEE HOLDINGS LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2023/2024   105
© 2024 Lee Kee Holdings Limited. All rights reserved    © 2024 利記控股有限公司 版權所有
 Design, Production and Printing: CAPITAL FINANCIAL PRESS LIMITED  www.capitalfp.com
                   設計、製作及印刷：CAPITAL FINANCIAL PRESS LIMITED
