

--- Page 1 ---




--- Page 2 ---

Vision 橙天嘉禾的願景
Mission 橙天嘉禾的使命
Value 橙天嘉禾的價值
Strategy 橙天嘉禾的價值
To become Asia’s best-in-class integrator of the 
movie entertainment industry
成為亞洲最具實力的電影產業整合者
To inspire and enrich life by bringing our 
customers to the world beyond imagination 
through excellent movie experience, while 
seeking maximisation of shareholders’ value
在增大股東利益的同時，提供精彩絕倫的電
影，讓觀眾遨遊於超乎想像的空間，釋放視
野限制，啟發靈感、昇華生活。
Responsible 責任
for the maximisation of shareholders’ value 
and the betterment of society with the highest 
principles
對股東投資 實現價值最大 對社會大眾 抱有
責任承擔
Effective 高效
execution of business strategy with consistency
對執行能力 時刻保持高效
Compliant 合規
to rules and internal regulations with diligence
對法規內控 嚴格遵守執行
Committed 承諾
to the development of film industry with passion
對電影事業 滿載熱誠理想
Innovative 創新
offerings to our customers with continual improvement
對每個製作 注入無窮創意
Honest 誠實
to our business partners with transparency, integrity and faith
對每宗交易 謹守公平公開
United 團結
team work to build success with persistence
為達致成功 堅守團隊精神
In line with the waterfall of revenue split, we adopt a strategy of 
bottom up approach in our priority of development according to 
the following order:
按照行業分帳的流程，集團按以下的順序優先發展有利於股東
價值的環節：
1. Enlarge and strengthen our theatrical exhibition network, i.e. 
the distribution channel
 擴大及加強集團的影院經營網絡，也就是擴展分銷渠道
2. Integrate with our distribution business to enhance  synergy
 加強整合集團的電影發行業務以獲取更大的協同效應
3. Participate with minimal risks production which in  turn 
benefits our distribution and exhibition business
 以最低的風險投資電影製作使集團的放映和發行業務更
能受惠
Love Life, Live Life
熱愛生活 . 享受生活
Love Life, Live Life
熱愛生活 . 享受生活


--- Page 3 ---

Financial Information 財務資料
 Contents
目錄
Corporate Information 02
公司資料
Biographical Details of Directors &
Chief Executive Officer
04
董事及首席執行官個人履歷
Chairman’s Statement 10
主席報告書
Management Discussion & Analysis 12
管理層討論及分析
Corporate Governance Report 21
企業管治報告
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 38
環境、社會及管治報告
Report of the Directors 73
董事會報告書
Independent Auditor’s Report 92
獨立核數師報告
Consolidated Income Statement 97
  
綜合收益表 159
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 98
  
綜合全面收益表 160
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 99
  
綜合財務狀況表 161
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 101
  
綜合權益變動表 163
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 102
  
綜合現金流量表 164
Notes to the Financial Statements 104
  
財務報表附註 166


--- Page 4 ---

Corporate Information
公司資料
02 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
執行董事
WU Kebo (Chairman)
伍克波（主席）
CHOW Sau Fong, Fiona
鄒秀芳
GO Tomohiro
伍智裕
PENG Bolun
彭博倫
KONG Minru
孔敏茹
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTORS
獨立非執行董事
LEUNG Man Kit
梁民傑
WONG Sze Wing
黃斯穎
FUNG Chi Man, Henry
馮志文
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
首席執行官
CHOW Sau Fong, Fiona
鄒秀芳
COMPANY SECRETARY
公司秘書
CHEUNG Hei Ming
張希銘
REGISTERED OFFICE
註冊辦事處
Clarendon House
2 Church Street
Hamilton HM 11
Bermuda
PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS
主要營業地址
Suite 3309, 33/F,
Tower 1, Times Square,
1 Matheson Street,
Causeway Bay,
Hong Kong
香港
銅鑼灣
勿地臣街 1 號
33 樓 3309 室
PRINCIPAL BANKERS
主要往來銀行
DBS Bank Ltd. 
United Overseas Bank Limited 
星展銀行有限公司 
大華銀行有限公司 
AUDITORS
核數師
KPMG
Public Interest Entity Auditor
registered in accordance with the
Accounting and Financial Reporting Council Ordinance
8th Floor
Prince’s Building
10 Chater Road
Central
Hong Kong
畢馬威會計師事務所
根據《會計及財務匯報局》註冊的
公眾利益實體核數師
香港
中環
遮打道十號
太子大廈
八樓


--- Page 5 ---

Corporate Information
公司資料
03橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR  
AND TRANSFER OFFICE
主要股份過戶登記處
Conyers Corporate Services (Bermuda) Limited
Clarendon House
2 Church Street
Hamilton HM11
Bermuda
HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR 
AND TRANSFER OFFICE
股份過戶登記處香港分處
Tricor Investor Services Limited
17/F, Far East Finance Centre
16 Harcourt Road
Hong Kong
卓佳證券登記有限公司
香港
夏慤道 16 號
遠東金融中心 17 樓
WEBSITE
網址
http://www.osgh.com.hk
STOCK CODE
股份代號
1132


--- Page 6 ---

Biographical Details of Directors & Chief Executive Officer
董事及首席執行官個人履歷
04 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
CHAIRMAN AND EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Mr. Wu Kebo (“Mr. Wu”)
Aged 62
Mr. Wu is the chairman, executive director and a member of the 
remuneration committee and the chairman of the nomination 
committee of the Company, and a director of certain subsidiaries of the 
Company. He is also currently a director of Orange Sky Entertainment 
Group (International) Holding Company Limited (“OSEG”) and its 
subsidiaries. OSEG, a company incorporated in the British Virgin 
Islands with limited liability and being a substantial shareholder of the 
Company, was founded by Mr. Wu in 2004 and is principally engaged 
in music and musical production, artist management and advertising 
business in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”). With regard 
to film, Mr. Wu acted respectively as executive producer of the two 
Chinese films Red Cliff  and The Warlords , as well as producer of other 
Chinese titles including Call for Love , I am Liu Yuejin  and Dangerous 
Games. In addition, Mr. Wu has been involved in high technology and 
telecommunications businesses since the 1990s. Mr. Wu graduated 
with a bachelor’s degree in business administration from the SOKA 
University Japan in 1992. Mr. Wu joined the Company in October 2007 
and is the father of Mr. Go Tomohiro, an executive director of the 
Company.
EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Ms. Chow Sau Fong, Fiona (“Ms. Chow”)
Aged 53
Ms. Chow is an executive director and has been appointed as the 
co-chief executive officer of the Group (the “Co-CEO”) since 11 April 
2023 and is responsible for the Group’s corporate strategy, mergers 
& acquisitions, and business operations and development for non-
mainland China region. She has also been assigned as the special 
assistant to Chairman of the Company since 1 October 2010 and 
appointed as director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Formerly, 
Ms. Chow was also appointed as Executive Director when she first 
joined the Group on 30 October 2007. She had also held the position 
of chief financial officer of the Company between 1 January 2008 
and 31 December 2008. On 22 September 2009, Ms. Chow had been 
appointed as the chief operating officer of the Group (the “COO”) and 
she resigned thereafter as Executive Director and the COO with effect 
from 23 August 2010 for personal reasons. On the same day, she was 
re-designated as the managing director of the China operation of 
the Company, which has focused on the development of theatrical 
exhibition business in China and subsequently she resigned from the 
position with effect from 30 September 2010. Ms. Chow was the COO 
from 24 April 2015 to 10 April 2023 as well.
Ms. Chow holds an M.B.A in Finance and Entrepreneurial Management 
from the Wharton Business School at the University of Pennsylvania, 
and a B.A. (Honors) in Business Administration from the Chinese 
University of Hong Kong.
主席兼執行董事
伍克波先生（「伍先生」）
六十二歲
伍先生為本公司主席、執行董事兼薪酬委員會成
員及提名委員會主席，並為本公司若干附屬公司
之董事。彼亦為橙天娛樂集團（國際）控股有限公
司（「橙天」）及其附屬公司之現任董事。橙天為於
英屬維爾京群島註冊成立之有限公司，為本公司
主要股東，由伍先生於二零零四年創立，主要於
中華人民共和國（「中國」）從事音樂及音樂劇製
作、藝人經理及廣告業務。有關電影方面，伍先
生分別擔任兩齣華語電影《赤壁》及《投名狀》之
執行監製，以及擔任其他多齣華語電影之監製，
包括《愛情來電轉接》、《我叫劉躍進》及《棒子老
虎雞》。另外，伍先生自九十年代開始從事高科
技及電訊業務。伍先生於一九九二年畢業於日本
創價大學，取得工商管理學士學位。伍先生於二
零零七年十月加盟本公司，為本公司執行董事伍
智裕先生之父親。
執行董事
鄒秀芳女士（「鄒女士」）
五十三歲
鄒女士為執行董事，自二零二三年四月十一日起
獲委任為本集團聯席首席執行官（「聯席首席執
行官」），負責本集團於非中國大陸地區之企業策
略、併購以及業務營運及發展。彼自二零一零年
十月一日起擔任本公司主席之特別助理，及獲委
任為本公司若干附屬公司之董事。在此之前，鄒
女士於二零零七年十月三十日首次加入本集團
時獲委任為執行董事。彼亦曾於二零零八年一月
一日至二零零八年十二月三十一日期間出任本公
司首席財務官。於二零零九年九月二十二日，鄒
女士獲委任為本集團之首席運營官（「首席運營
官」），後因個人理由而於二零一零年八月二十三
日起辭任本公司執行董事及首席運營官之職務，
並於同日獲調任為本公司中國業務之董事總經
理，專注發展中國影院業務，其後已於二零一零
年九月三十日起辭任該職務。鄒女士亦曾在二零
一五年四月二十四日至二零二三年四月十日期間
擔任首席運營官。
鄒女士獲美國賓夕法尼亞州大學之沃頓商學院頒
授財務及企業管理工商管理碩士學位，並獲香港
中文大學頒授工商管理榮譽學士學位。


--- Page 7 ---

Biographical Details of Directors & Chief Executive Officer
董事及首席執行官個人履歷
05橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
伍智裕先生（「Go 先生」）
三十四歲
Go 先生已獲委任為本公司執行董事，自二零二五
年九月十六日起生效。Go 先生於二零二三年加入
本集團，擔任蘇州橙天嘉禾 360 劇場音樂總監，
直至二零二五年五月為止，現為本集團的集團副
總裁。Go先生於二零一三年獲美國Berklee College 
of Music 頒授音樂學士學位。彼亦於二零一四年
獲英國西倫敦大學頒授藝術碩士學位。Go 先生為
本公司主席兼執行董事伍先生之子。
彭博倫先生（「彭先生」）
三十五歲
彭先生，自二零一九年九月九日起獲委任本公司
執行董事及自二零二三年四月十一日起獲委任為
本集團聯席首席財務官。彼於二零一九年九月九
日至二零二三年四月十日期間曾擔任中國業務
之財務總監。加入本集團前，彼分別擔任橙天娛
樂集團（國際）控股有限公司（「OSEG」）董事（二零
一七年七月至二零一九年九月）及主席助理（二零
一八年三月至二零一九年九月）。加入 OSEG 前，
彭先生先後於二零一五年至二零一六年及二零
一六年至二零一七年分別於安永（中國）企業諮詢
有限公司及東北證券擔任多個職位，專門於衍生
估值、交易服務及投資銀行。
彭 先 生 於 二 零 一 四 年 自 康 奈 爾 大 學 (Cornell 
University) 取得金融工程碩士學位。彼持有特許金
融分析師資格並為認可金融風險管理師。
Mr. Go Tomohiro (“Mr. Go”)
Aged 34
Mr. Go has been appointed as an executive director of the Company 
with effect from 16 September 2025. Mr. Go joined the Group in 2023 
as a music director of Suzhou Orange Sky 360 Theatre which he held 
the position until May 2025 and currently is the Vice President of the 
Group. Mr. Go received a bachelor’s degree in music from Berklee 
College of Music, USA in 2013. He also received a master’s degree in 
arts from University of West London UK in 2014. Mr. Go is the son of Mr. 
Wu, the chairman and executive director of the Company.
Mr. Peng Bolun (“Mr. Peng”)
Aged 35
Mr. Peng has been appointed as the executive director of the 
Company effective from 9 September 2019 and Co-CFO of the Group 
since 11 April 2023. He was the finance director of the China operation 
of the Group between 9 September 2019 and 10 April 2023. Before 
joining the Group, he respectively served as a director from July 2017 
to September 2019 and assistant to chairman from March 2018 to 
September 2019 of Orange Sky Entertainment Group (International) 
Holding Company Limited (“OSEG”). Prior to joining OSEG, Mr. Peng 
held several positions at Ernst & Young (China) Advisory Limited from 
2015 to 2016 and Northeast Securities from 2016 to 2017, where he 
specialized in derivative valuation, transaction services and investment 
banking.
Mr. Peng obtained a master’s degree in Financial Engineering from 
Cornell University in 2014. He is a CFA charterholder and a certified 
FRM.


--- Page 8 ---

Biographical Details of Directors & Chief Executive Officer
董事及首席執行官個人履歷
06 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
孔敏茹女士（「孔女士」）
四十八歲
孔女士已獲委任為本公司執行董事，自二零二五
年四月二十五日起生效。孔女士於二零一零年七
月加入本集團，現於本集團若干附屬公司擔任多
個職務，包括分別擔任北京橙天嘉禾影視製作有
限公司、嘉禾國產電影發行（深圳）有限公司及深
圳市泛亞文化發展有限公司的董事兼總經理；以
及分別擔任上海橙天嘉影實業有限公司及江陰橙
天嘉禾六六企業管理有限公司的監事。
孔女士於二零零零年獲中央民族大學頒授經濟學
學士學位。彼亦分別於二零零三年、二零零四年
及二零零五年取得法國圖盧茲第一大學（Toulouse 
University Capitole）經濟學學士學位、國際管理碩
士學位及市場營銷碩士學位。
Ms. Kong Minru (“Ms. Kong”)
Aged 48
Ms. Kong has been appointed as an executive director of the Company 
with effect from 25 April 2025. Ms. Kong joined the Group in July 2010 
and currently holds various positions in certain subsidiaries of the 
Group, including as a director and general manager of Orange Sky 
Golden Harvest (Beijing) TV & Film Production Co., Ltd. （北京橙天嘉
禾影視製作有限公 司）, Golden Harvest Film Distribution (Shenzhen) 
Company Limited （ 嘉 禾 國 產 電 影 發 行（ 深 圳 ）有 限 公 司 ） and 
Panasia Culture Development (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. （深圳市泛亞文化
發展有限公司）, respectively; and as a supervisor of Shanghai Orange 
Sky Golden Harvest Jiaying Industrial Co., Ltd （上海橙天嘉影實業有
限 公 司 ） and Jiangyin Orange Sky Golden Harvest 66 Real Estate Co., 
Ltd. （江陰橙天嘉禾六六企業管理有限公司）, respectively.
Ms. Kong received a bachelor’s degree in economics from Minzu 
University of China in 2000. She also received a bachelor’s degree in 
economics, a master’s degree in international management and a 
master’s degree in marketing from Toulouse University Capitole in 
2003, 2004 and 2005 respectively.


--- Page 9 ---

Biographical Details of Directors & Chief Executive Officer
董事及首席執行官個人履歷
07橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
獨立非執行董事
梁民傑先生（「梁先生」）
七十二歲
梁先生自二零零八年二月起出任本公司獨立非執
行董事、審核委員會主席及薪酬委員會成員，並
自二零一二年三月二十六日起出任本公司提名委
員會成員。梁先生於二零一九年九月至二零二一
年十一月期間擔任中毅資本有限公司的牌照負責
人員。於一九七七年取得香港大學社會科學學士
學位，在項目融資及企業融資方面具備逾三十年
經驗。彼曾任百富勤融資（中國）有限公司、法國
興業證券（香港）有限公司（前稱香港高誠證券有
限公司）及瑞士銀行公司香港分公司之高層成員。
梁 先 生 亦 曾 任 Emerging Markets Partnership (Hong 
Kong) Limited 董事，該公司曾為美國友邦集團亞
洲基礎設施基金總顧問。
於本年報日期，梁先生現擔任或於過去三年曾擔
任下列上市公司的董事職務：
* 梁先生亦為該等公司之審核委員會主席。
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. Leung Man Kit (“Mr. Leung”)
Aged 72
Mr. Leung has been an independent non-executive director, and the 
chairman of the audit committee and a member of the remuneration 
committee of the Company since February 2008 and a member of 
the nomination committee of the Company since 26 March 2012. Mr. 
Leung was a Responsible Officer in Grand Moore Capital Limited from 
September 2019 to November 2021. Mr. Leung obtained a bachelor’s 
degree in social science from the University of Hong Kong in 1977 
and has over 30 years of experience in project finance and corporate 
finance. He has held senior positions with Peregrine Capital (China) 
Limited, SG Securities (HK) Limited (previously known as Crosby 
Securities (Hong Kong) Limited), Swiss Bank Corporation, Hong Kong 
Branch. Mr. Leung was also a director of Emerging Markets Partnership 
(Hong Kong) Limited which was the principal adviser to the AIG 
Infrastructure Fund L.P.
As at the date of this annual report, Mr. Leung holds or held 
directorships in the following listed companies in the past three years:
Name of the listed company Term Position
上市公司名稱 任期 職務
Netease.com Inc., a company listed on NASDAQ
 and the Main Board of the Stock Exchange
 (stock code: NASDAQ: NTES; HKEX: 9999)
July 2002 to present Independent non-executive 
 director
網易，於納斯達克及聯交所主板上市之公司
 （股份代號：納斯達克：NTES；聯交所：9999）
二零零二年七月至今 獨立非執行董事
China Ting Group Holdings Limited, a company listed on 
 the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 3398)
November 2005 to present Independent non-executive 
 director
華鼎集團控股有限公司，於聯交所主板
 上市之公司（股份代號：3398）
二零零五年十一月至今 獨立非執行董事
Luye Pharma Group Ltd. , a company listed on the 
 Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2186) *
June 2014 to present Independent non-executive 
 director
綠葉製藥集團有限公司，於聯交所主板上市之公司
 （股份代號：2186）*
二零一四年六月至今 獨立非執行董事
* Mr. Leung is also the chairman of the audit committee of these 
companies.


--- Page 10 ---

Biographical Details of Directors & Chief Executive Officer
董事及首席執行官個人履歷
08 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
黃斯穎女士（「黃女士」）
四十七歲
黃女士於二零一零年四月二十六日獲委任為本公
司獨立非執行董事兼薪酬委員會及審核委員會成
員。彼自二零一二年三月二十六日起獲委任為本
公司薪酬委員會主席及提名委員會成員。黃女士
具備超過十年專業會計經驗。彼自二零一零年七
月起擔任氣體動力科技有限公司（前稱：盈德氣
體集團有限公司）的首席財務官及於二零零九年
二月至二零一七年三月期間擔任聯席公司秘書，
該公司先前於香港聯合交易所有限公司主板上
市，並為恒生綜合指數成分股。黃女士曾擔任橙
天之集團首席財務官，先前曾於艾迴音樂影像製
作（中國）有限公司擔任財務總監，該公司乃由橙
天與 Avex Group Holdings Inc. 成立的中國合營企業
公司。Avex Group Holdings Inc. 為於東京證券交易
所上市的公司。黃女士於二零零八年一月退任橙
天之集團首席財務官及艾迴音樂影像製作（中國）
有限公司之財務總監。黃女士過往曾受聘於羅兵
咸永道會計師事務所出任經理。黃女士於二零零
一年取得香港大學工商管理學士學位，並於二零
一二年獲中歐國際工商學院取得行政人員工商管
理碩士學位。黃女士於二零零三年成為香港會計
師公會會員。
Ms. Wong Sze Wing (“Ms. Wong”)
Aged 47
Ms. Wong was appointed as an independent non-executive director 
and a member of the remuneration committee and the audit 
committee of the Company with effect from 26 April 2010. She has 
been appointed as the chairman of the remuneration committee of 
the Company and a member of the nomination committee since 26 
March 2012. Ms. Wong has over ten years of accounting experience 
in the profession. She has been the chief financial officer since July 
2010 and was joint company secretary between February 2009 and 
March 2017 of AirPower Technologies Limited (formerly named as: 
Yingde Gases Group Company Limited which was previously listed 
on the main board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and 
a constituent stock of Hang Seng Composite Index. Ms. Wong was 
previously employed as the group chief financial officer of OSEG. She 
was also previously employed as the financial controller of Avex China 
Company Limited, a PRC joint venture company established by OSEG 
and Avex Group Holdings Inc., which is listed on the Tokyo Stock 
Exchange. Ms. Wong ceased to be the group chief financial officer 
of OSEG and financial controller of Avex China Company Limited in 
January 2008. She was also previously employed as a manager at 
PricewaterhouseCoopers. Ms. Wong obtained a bachelor’s degree in 
business administration from the University of Hong Kong in 2001. She 
also obtained an EMBA from the China Europe International Business 
School in 2012. Ms. Wong became a chartered member of the Hong 
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants in 2003.


--- Page 11 ---

Biographical Details of Directors & Chief Executive Officer
董事及首席執行官個人履歷
09橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
於本年報日期，黃女士現擔任或於過去三年曾擔
任下列上市公司的董事職務：
* 黃女士亦為該公司之審核委員會主席。
馮志文先生（「馮先生」）
五十七歲
馮先生自二零一六年六月三日起出任本公司獨立
非執行董事及審核委員會成員。馮先生擁有超過
三十五年之專業法律服務經驗。彼自一九九九年
起為夏禮文律師行（「夏禮文」）之合夥人及始於二
零零六年（除二零二二年至二零二五年）為夏禮文
律師事務所上海辦事處之首席代表。馮先生於香
港大學取得法學學士學位和法學專業證書，並於
中國政法大學取得中國法律學位。馮先生現為香
港、英格蘭和威爾士高等法院及英屬維爾京群島
執業律師；及為粵港澳大灣區非執業律師。彼於
香港亦是公證人及中國委託公證人。
As at the date of this annual report, Ms. Wong holds or held 
directorships in the following listed companies in the past three years:
Name of the listed company Term Position
上市公司名稱 任期 職務
Rici Healthcare Holdings Limited, a company listed on 
 the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1526)*
June 2016 to present Independent non-executive  
director
瑞慈醫療服務控股有限公司，於聯交所主板
 上市之公司（股份代號：1526）*
二零一六年六月至今 獨立非執行董事
GANFENG LITHIUM CO., LTD., a company listed 
 on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1772), 
 and the SME Board of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange 
 (stock code: 002460)
July 2018 to May 2024 Independent non-executive  
director
江西贛鋒鋰業股份有限公司，於聯交所主板上市之公司
 （股份代號：1772），及於深圳證券交易所中小企業板
 上市之公司（股份代號：002460）
二零一八年七月至
 二零二四年五月
獨立非執行董事
Giant Biogene Holding Co. Ltd, a company listed on 
 the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2367) *
November 2022 to present Independent non-executive  
director
巨子生物控股有限公司，於聯交所主板
 上市之公司（股份代號：2367）*
二零二二年十一月至今 獨立非執行董事
REPT BATTERO Energy Co., Ltd. , a company listed on 
 the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 0666) *
December 2023 to present Independent non-executive  
director
瑞浦蘭鈞能源股份有限公司，於聯交所
 主板上市之公司（股份代號：0666）*
二零二三年十二月至今 獨立非執行董事
Wuxi Lead Intelligent Equipment Co., Ltd.(300450.SZ) October 2025 to present Independent non-executive 
director
無錫先導智能裝備股份有限公司 (300450.SZ) 二零二五年十月至今 獨立非執行董事
CNGR Advanced Material Co., Ltd.(300919.SZ) November 2025 to present Independent non-executive 
director
中偉新材料股份有限公司 (300919.SZ) 二零二五年十一月至今 獨立非執行董事
* Ms. Wong is also the chairlady of the audit committee of the company.
Mr. Fung Chi Man Henry (“Mr. Fung”)
Aged 57
Mr. Fung has been an independent non-executive director and the 
member of the audit committee of the Company since 3 June 2016. Mr. 
Fung has over thirty-five years of experience in the legal profession. He 
is a partner of Holman Fenwick Willan (“HFW”) since 1999 and the chief 
representative of the Shanghai Office of Holman Fenwick Willan LLP 
from 2006 onwards (except between 2022–2025). Mr. Fung obtained 
a degree of Bachelor of Laws and a Postgraduate Certificate in Laws 
from the University of Hong Kong. He also has a PRC law degree from 
the China University of Political Science and Law. Mr. Fung is currently 
a practicing solicitor of the High Courts of Hong Kong and England & 
Wales and a Legal Practitioner of the British Virgin Islands; and a non-
practising Greater Bay Area Lawyer. Mr. Fung is also a notary public and 
a China-appointed attesting officer in Hong Kong.


--- Page 12 ---

Chairman’s Statement
主席報告書
10 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Chairman’s 
Statement
主席報告書
Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of the board of directors of the Company and 
its subsidiaries, I am pleased to present the Annual Report 
of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025.
BUSINESS REVIEW
The year 2025 has continued to present challenges for the cinema 
industry as we navigate the complexities of a post-pandemic landscape. 
While we have seen some recovery in consumer engagement, the 
market remains under pressure from fluctuating interest rates, ongoing 
geopolitical tensions, and a competitive entertainment environment 
dominated by streaming services and rising popularity of short reels 
and episodic content.
During the first six months of 2025, the Group terminated the leases for 
all its cinemas in Hong Kong and ceased its operations in Hong Kong. 
The Hong Kong market box office of the period was HK$0.56 billion, 
decreased by 16% from HK$0.67 billion for same period in prior year.
Singapore remains the main revenue contributor to the Group, 
attributing 88% and 80% of the Group’s total segment revenue in 2025 
and 2024 respectively. Despite the country’s box office recorded a 
small drop of 5% from 2024 to 2025, Golden Village’s market share has 
increased from 52.5% in 2024 to 59.3% in 2025. Golden Village holds 
47% and 51% of total installed screens in 2024 and 2025 respectively.
致股東：
本人謹代表本公司及其附屬公司董事
會欣然提呈本集團截至二零二五年
十二月三十一日止年度之年報。
業務回顧
二零二五年，電影業在應對後疫情時代的複雜局
勢之際，仍持續面臨諸多挑戰。儘管消費者參與
度已有所回升，但市場仍承受著利率波動、持續
的地緣政治緊張局勢，以及由串流服務主導且短
片與單元劇內容日益普及所造成的競爭壓力。
於二零二五年首六個月，本集團終止了其所有香
港影院的租約，並停止其於香港的營運。期內香
港市場票房為 5.6 億港元，較去年同期 6.7 億港元
下降 16%。
新加坡仍是本集團的主要營收來源，分別佔本集
團二零二五年及二零二四年總分部收益的 88% 及
80%。儘管該國票房從二零二四年至二零二五年
錄得 5% 的小幅度下滑，嘉華的市場佔有率卻從
二零二四年的 52.5% 上升至二零二五年的 59.3%。
嘉華分別佔二零二四年及二零二五年銀幕總數的
47% 及 51%。


--- Page 13 ---

Chairman’s Statement
主席報告書
11橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
前景
展望未來，我們深知電影及影院產業正處於關鍵
轉捩點。疫情的餘波加上通脹壓力與全球貿易
動態所帶來的經濟不確定性，既帶來挑戰也蘊含
機遇。然而，我們對未來仍抱持樂觀態度。本集
團致力於創新，並積極回應不斷演變的消費者偏
好。我們將致力於多元化內容供應，並將影院轉
型為綜合性目的地，透過改善環境營造獨特體
驗，提供居家環境無法複製的獨特體驗。
此外，我們將探索策略性合作夥伴關係及投資機
會，以拓展影院以外的精彩娛樂內容開發領域。
此倡議可能涵蓋互動式數碼平台、原創節目，以
及能凝聚觀眾的現場內容，例如演唱會與沉浸式
活動。透過與創新創作者合作並運用尖端科技，
我們致力於提供能引起多元觀眾共鳴的獨特娛樂
體驗，從而深化與品牌的連結與互動。
致謝
我謹藉此機會向股東、顧客及商業夥伴致上衷心
謝意，感謝各位始終如一的支持與合作。同時，
我亦誠摯感謝董事的指導，以及全體員工的辛勤
付出與堅定奉獻。我們將攜手應對各項挑戰，致
力推動本集團的永續成長。
PROSPECTS
Looking ahead, we recognize that the film and cinema industry is 
at a pivotal juncture. The lingering effects of the pandemic and the 
uncertain economic landscape, marked by inflationary pressures and 
global trade dynamics, present both challenges and opportunities. 
However, we remain optimistic about the future. The Group is 
dedicated to innovation and responsive to evolving consumer 
preferences. Our focus will be on diversifying our content offerings and 
transforming our cinemas into integrated lifestyle hubs, enhancing our 
environments to provide unique experiences that cannot be replicated 
at home.
Furthermore, we will explore strategic partnerships and investment 
opportunities that may venture into developing compelling 
entertainment content beyond cinemas. This initiative may encompass 
engaging digital platforms, original programming, and live content 
such as concerts and immersive events that bring audiences together. 
By collaborating with innovative creators and leveraging cutting-edge 
technology, we aim to deliver distinctive entertainment experiences 
that resonate with diverse audiences, fostering deeper connections 
and engagement with our brand.
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
I would like to take this opportunity to express my heartfelt 
appreciation to our shareholders, customers, and business partners 
for their unwavering support and cooperation. I extend my sincere 
gratitude to our Directors for their guidance and to our dedicated staff 
for their hard work and commitment. Together, we will continue to 
navigate these challenges and strive for the sustainable growth of our 
Group.


--- Page 14 ---

Management Discussion & Analysis
管理層討論及分析
12 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
業務回顧
橙天嘉禾集團始創於一九七零年，為一家世界級
之華語電影及娛樂公司，主要從事電影放映、電
影及電視節目製作以及電影發行業務。
本集團在華語電影行業發展上一直擔當重要角
色。自成立以來，本集團已製作及融資逾 600 部
電影，時至今日，本集團旗下之電影片庫蘊藏超
過 140 部電影。期內，本集團於香港及新加坡各
地經營連鎖院線。
自二零二零年以來，疫情為全球經濟帶來前所未
有的挑戰，對電影與電影院產業造成重大衝擊，
使其成為受創最嚴重的領域之一。該產業除面臨
串流平台的激烈競爭外，更因荷里活演員與編劇
罷工（於二零二三年末結束）以及二零二五年一
月席捲洛杉磯的歷史性野火，導致電影供應鏈中
斷。此外，本產業正積極應對消費者行為演變與
消費模式轉變，特別是短影片與系列內容日益盛
行。該等因素共同凸顯電影院產業需要調適及創
新，以滿足觀眾不斷變化的喜好。
期內，由於年內停止在香港經營影院，導致入場
人數減少，本集團持續經營業務收益減少 8% 至
6.733 億港元（二零二四年：7.343 億港元）。雖然
二零二五年對電影產業而言充滿挑戰，但本集團
相信全球電影產業在疫情後展現出韌性，而不同
地區市場的業績好壞參半。
本集團一直致力於將電影院由單一使用電影觀賞
服務擴展為綜合娛樂樞紐，提供多種生活時尚產
品，如現場音樂會、電競活動、收藏品、企業活
動及餐飲。
於二零二五年年初，本集團在香港多個租賃物業
經營七家影院。年內，本集團已終止所有該等影
院之租約，並停止在香港經營影院。因此，於截
至二零二五年十二月三十一日止年度，本集團已
不再於該地區經營任何影院。於年內終止租約
後，本集團錄得非經常性收益 1,910 萬港元（乃歸
因於恢復成本撥備之撥回），以及因租賃修改而
產生之非經常性收益 8,580 萬港元。
BUSINESS REVIEW
Founded in 1970, Orange Sky Golden Harvest Group has been a world-
class Chinese language film and entertainment company primarily 
engaged in film exhibition, film and TV programme production, and 
film distribution businesses.
The Group has played a vital role in the development of the Chinese 
language film industry. Since its inception, the Group has produced 
and financed over 600 movies and to date, the Group owns a movie 
library of over 140 movies. The Group operated cinema chains across 
Hong Kong and Singapore during the period.
The pandemic has posed unprecedented challenges to the global 
economy since 2020, significantly impacting the film and cinema 
industry, which has been among the hardest hit segments. In addition 
to facing fierce competition from streaming platforms, the industry has 
experienced disruptions in film supply due to the Hollywood Actors 
and Writers strikes that concluded in late 2023, as well as the historic 
wildfires that swept through Los Angeles in January 2025. Furthermore, 
our industry is grappling with evolving consumer behaviors and 
shifting consumption habits, particularly the rising popularity of short 
reels and episodic content. These factors collectively highlight the 
need for adaptation and innovation within the cinema landscape to 
meet changing audience preferences.
During the period, the Group’s revenue from continuing operations 
has decreased by 8% to HK$673.3 million (2024: HK$734.3 million) due 
to lower admissions resulted from cessation of cinema operations in 
Hong Kong during the year. While 2025 was a challenging year for 
film industry, the Group believes that the cinema industry worldwide 
is demonstrating resilience after the pandemic but with mixed results 
across different geographic markets.
The Group has been dedicating to expand cinemas from single use 
of movie viewing to an integrated entertainment hub featuring 
multiple lifestyle offerings such as live music concerts, e-sports events, 
collectibles, corporate events and food and beverages.
At the beginning of 2025, the Group operated 7 cinemas across 
various leased premises in Hong Kong. During the year, the Group 
had terminated the leases for all these cinemas and ceased its cinema 
operations in Hong Kong. As a result, the Group no longer operated 
any cinemas in the region as at the year ended 31 December 2025. 
Following the lease terminations during the year, the Group recorded 
a non-recurring gain of HK$19.1 million, attributable to the reversal 
of reinstatement cost provisions, as well as a non-recurring gain of 
HK$85.8 million arising from lease modifications.


--- Page 15 ---

Management Discussion & Analysis
管理層討論及分析
13橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
截至二零二五年十二月三十一日，本集團在新加
坡運營之網絡涵蓋 17 家電影院，共 131 塊銀幕。
截至二零二五年及二零二四年十二月三十一日
止年度，新加坡地區於本集團持續經營業務綜合
分部收益佔分別 88% 及 80%，再次鞏固其作為本
集團主要收入來源的地位。停止在香港經營影院
後，本集團將繼續專注於進一步發展新加坡市
場，其佔本集團收益的相當大部分。
電影放映
本集團之電影放映業務仍是主要收入來源，於截
至二零二五年十二月三十一日止年度佔本集團持
續經營業務總分部收益之 92%。
年內，本集團於新加坡開設了一間新影院。截至
二零二五年十二月三十一日，本集團在香港及新
加坡營運其 17 家電影院及 131 塊銀幕之網絡。截
至二零二五年十二月三十一日止年度，本集團在
新加坡之嘉華影城之市場領導地位無容置疑，佔
當地票房之 59%。
年內，香港及新加坡地區之電影放映收益減少
10% 至 6.494 億港元。減少主要由於年內停止在香
港經營影院，令總入場人數由去年同期 658 萬人
減少 16% 至 551 萬人。年內，該等地區平均票價
由 68 港元增至 73 港元。
於截至二零二五年十二月三十一日止年度上映之
荷里活猛片主要計有《職業特工隊：最終清算》、
《美國隊長 4：勇敢新世界》、《Minecraft: 我的世界
大電影》、《雷霆特攻隊 *》、《史迪仔》、《馴龍記
(2025)》、《F1 電 影》、《侏 羅 紀 世 界：重 生》、《超
人》、《鬼滅之刃劇場版無限城篇》、《神奇 4 俠：
英雄第一步》、《優獸大都會 2》、《阿凡達 3》。於
年內上映之華語猛片主要計有中國大陸之《哪吒
之魔童鬧海》及新加坡之《AI 拼才會贏》。
As of 31 December 2025, the Group operated a network of 17 cinemas 
with a total of 131 screens in Singapore. During the year ended 31 
December 2025 and 2024, Singapore region contributed 88% and 
80% to the Group’s consolidated segment revenue from continuing 
operations, reaffirming its position as the Group’s primary revenue 
driver. Following the cessation of cinema operations in Hong Kong, the 
Group will focus on further developing the Singapore market, which 
represents a substantial portion of the Group’s revenue.
Film Exhibition
The Group’s film exhibition business remained the key revenue driver, 
which accounted for 92% of the Group’s total segment revenue from 
continuing operations for the year ended 31 December 2025.
During the year, the Group has opened a new cinema in Singapore. As 
of 31 December 2025, the Group operated its network of 17 cinemas 
and 131 screens in Singapore. The Group’s Singapore Golden Village 
Cinemas remained as the undisputed market leader locally with 59% 
respective share in local box office for the year ended 31 December 
2025.
Film exhibition revenues of Hong Kong and Singapore regions have 
decreased by 10% to HK$649.4 million during the year. The decrease 
was primarily attributed to a 16% reduction in total admissions from 
6.58 million in the same period last year to 5.51 million which resulted 
mainly from the cessation of Hong Kong cinema operations during the 
year. Average ticket price for the regions has increased from HK$68 to 
HK$73 during the year.
The major Hollywood blockbusters released during the year ended 31 
December 2025 were Mission: Impossible — The Final Reckoning ( 職 業
特 工 隊： 最 終 清 算 ), Captain America: Brave New World  ( 美 國 隊 長
4：勇敢新世界 ), Minecraft Movie, A (Minecraft： 我的世界大電影 ), 
Thunderbolts* (雷霆特攻隊 *), Lilo & Stitch ( 史迪仔 ), How To Train Your 
Dragon (2025) ( 馴 龍 記 (2025)), F1 (F1 電 影 ), Jurassic World Rebirth ( 侏
羅紀世界：重生 ), Superman ( 超人 ), Demon Slayer: Kimetsu no Yaiba 
Infinity Castle ( 鬼 滅 之 刃 劇 場 版 無 限 城 篇 ), The Fantastic Four: First 
Steps ( 神 奇 4 俠： 英 雄 第 一 步 ), Zootopia 2 ( 優 獸 大 都 會 2), Avatar: 
Fire and Ash ( 阿 凡 達 3). The major Chinese language blockbusters for 
the year were Nezha 2 ( 哪吒之魔童鬧海 ) from Mainland China and I 
Want To Be Boss (AI拼才會贏 ) from Singapore.


--- Page 16 ---

Management Discussion & Analysis
管理層討論及分析
14 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
香港
本集團香港影城之營運數據
（截至二零二五年十二月三十一日止年度）
* 截至十二月三十一日
截至二零二五年十二月三十一日，本集團並無於
香港經營任何影城。
香港電影業在多項因素的影響下顯得舉步維艱，
包括荷里活猛片電影匱乏、香港疫情後經濟復
甦表現令人失望、香港年輕人口移民外國，加上
消費習慣改變，市民外地消費超過本地消費。經
濟疲弱令消費者更不願意消費，直接影響影院的
入座率及收益。由於入場人次減少及停止在香港
經營影院，票房收入由截至二零二五年十二月
三十一日止年度的 1.217 億港元下跌 65% 至 4,280
萬港元。平均票價亦下跌至53 港元（二零二四年：
61 港元），而平均票價下跌乃為了吸引觀眾重返
電影院。儘管香港票房收入下降，截至二零二五
年十二月三十一日止年度，本集團香港分部的業
績仍錄得溢利 180 萬港元（二零二四年：虧損 1,950
萬港元）。溢利主要來自停止在香港經營影院後
營運開支減少，以及年內業主提供的重大臨時租
金支持。
Hong Kong
Operating Statistics of the Group’s Cinemas in Hong Kong
(For the year ended 31 December 2025)
2025 2024
二零二五年 二零二四年
Number of cinemas* 影城數目 * 0 7
Number of screens* 銀幕數目 * 0 28
Admissions (million) 入場觀眾（百萬人次） 0.8 2.0
Net average ticket price (HK$) 淨平均票價（港元） 53 61
Box office receipts (HK$ million) 票房收入（百萬港元） 43 122
* as of 31 December
As of 31 December 2025, the Group no longer operated any cinemas in 
Hong Kong.
The Hong Kong cinema industry has struggled significantly due 
to a combination of factors, including a lack of strong Hollywood 
blockbuster titles, a disappointing post-pandemic economic recovery 
in Hong Kong, outwards migration of Hong Kong’s younger population 
and the changed spending habits that people spend more money 
abroad or cross-border rather than locally. The weak economy has 
made consumers more reluctant to spend, which has directly affected 
cinema attendance and revenue. Resulting from fewer admissions and 
cessation of cinema operation in Hong Kong, box office receipts has 
decreased by 65% to HK$42.8 million from HK$121.7 million during 
the year ended 31 December 2025. The average ticket price has also 
decreased to HK$53 (2024: HK$61) where such decrease of average 
ticket price was to attract patrons to return to cinemas. Despite the 
decline in box office receipts in Hong Kong, the Group’s Hong Kong 
segmental results still reported a profit of HK$1.8 million (2024: loss of 
HK$19.5 million) during the year ended 31 December 2025. The profit 
was mainly attributable to lower operating expenses following the 
cessation of cinema operations in Hong Kong, as well as significant 
temporary rental support from landlords during the year.


--- Page 17 ---

Management Discussion & Analysis
管理層討論及分析
15橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
新加坡
本集團新加坡影城之營運數據
（截至二零二五年十二月三十一日止年度）
* 截至十二月三十一日
新加坡一直是本集團之主要收入來源，分別佔本
集團二零二五年及二零二四年持續經營業務綜合
分部收益總額之 88% 及 80%。本集團在新加坡以
嘉華影城（「嘉華影城」）為品牌經營業務之市場
領導地位仍然毋庸置疑。截至二零二五年十二月
三十一日，嘉華影城運營之網絡涵蓋 17 家電影院
及 131 塊銀幕，佔全國全年總票房收入之 59%。
按當地票房計，絕對是市場佔有率最高，顯示嘉
華影城乃新加坡影迷之首選。
年內，嘉華之淨票房收入為 5,970 萬新加坡元（二
零二四年：5,600 萬新加坡元），較二零二四年增
加 7%。有關增幅主要由於 (1) 平均淨票價由二零
二四年的 12.2 新加坡元上漲 4% 至二零二五年的
12.7 新加坡元；及 (2) 年內銀幕數目增加帶動入場
人次上升 3% 至 471 萬（二零二四年：459 萬）之淨
影響所致。隨著年內入場人次增加，嘉華之餐飲
收入亦從二零二四年 2,520 萬新加坡元增加 8% 至
二零二五年 2,720 萬新加坡元，每名顧客的消費亦
增加 5%。截至二零二五年十二月三十一日止年
度，新加坡業務錄得分部溢利 3,340 萬港元（二零
二四年：3,560 萬港元）。
嘉華已致力將影城從單一的觀影用途擴展到提供
其他時尚生活方式的綜合娛樂中心，例如現場音
樂、電子競技、收藏品及餐飲。此外，嘉華正持
續擴展其 GoldClass 高級影院及餐飲供應，以應對
空間及私隱之更高需求，並迎合疫情後消費者瞬
息萬變的喜好。
Singapore
Operating Statistics of the Group’s Cinemas in Singapore
(For the year ended 31 December 2025)
2025 2024
二零二五年 二零二四年
Number of cinemas* 影城數目 * 17 16
Number of screens* 銀幕數目 * 131 122
Admissions (million) 入場觀眾（百萬人次） 4.7 4.6
Net average ticket price (S$) 淨平均票價（新加坡元） 12.7 12.2
Net box office receipts (S$ million) 淨票房收入（百萬新加坡元） 60 56
* as of 31 December
Singapore has been the main revenue contributor to the Group, 
attributing to 88% and 80% of the Group’s consolidated segment 
revenue from continuing operations during 2025 and 2024 
respectively. The Group’s Singapore operations branded under Golden 
Village Cinemas (“Golden Village”) remained as the local market leader. 
As of 31 December 2025, Golden Village operated a network of 17 
cinemas and 131 screens, represented 59% of the country’s total box 
office during the year. The absolute highest market share by box office 
locally proved that Golden Village is the priority cinema of choice in 
Singapore.
During the year, Golden Village reported net box office receipts of 
S$59.7 million (2024: S$56.0 million), representing a 7% increase 
compared with 2024. The increase arose primarily from the net effect 
of (1) increase in net average ticket price by 4% to S$12.7 in 2025 from 
S$12.2 in 2024; and (2) 3% increase in admissions amounting to 4.71 
million (2024: 4.59 million) resulted from increasing number of screens 
during the year. Golden Village concessions income also increased 
by 8% from S$25.2 million in 2024 to S$27.2 million in 2025 along 
with the 5% increase in spend per patron as well as the increase in 
admission during the year. Singapore operations recorded a segmental 
profit of HK$33.4 million (2024: HK$35.6 million) for the year ended 31 
December 2025.
Golden Village has been dedicating efforts in expanding cinemas 
from a single-use movie-viewing theatre to become an integrated 
entertainment hub featuring other lifestyle offerings such as live music, 
e-sports, collectibles, and food and beverages. Furthermore, Golden 
Village is gradually expanding its Gold Class premium cinemas and 
dining options in response to the increasing demand for prestigious 
private space, such expansion is to cater to consumers’ evolving 
preferences after the pandemic.


--- Page 18 ---

Management Discussion & Analysis
管理層討論及分析
16 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
為降低荷里活大片進一步延遲上映之風險，嘉華
影城已推出更多獨立電影及多元化替代內容、音
樂會及活動直播、影迷見面會及及特別電影放映
頻率。嘉華影城亦出售電影前賣券及禮品卡、特
色商品，並已與業主建立合作夥伴關係以進行推
廣及推出電子商貿網站，以將收益多元化。與此
同時，嘉華影城繼續搜羅可於新加坡發行之優質
獨立電影，以確立獨家放映之連鎖地位。
嘉華影城是新加坡家喻戶曉之品牌，與當地競爭
對手相比，其經營規模較大。我們對嘉華影城業
務前景充滿信心，並將於未來繼續擴大嘉華影城
在新加坡之市場領導地位。
電影及電視節目發行及製作
本集團之電影片庫共擁有逾 140 部自製電影之永
久發行權，為本集團帶來穩定版權收入。本集團
其中一項重要工作為與外界製片廠合作，將本集
團現有之華語經典電影知識產權重新開發為線上
電影及電影衍生藝術作品。
憑藉本集團在電影發行及製作範疇之領先地位及
悠久歷史，本集團成為香港及新加坡其中一個最
大之獨立電影發行商。本集團電影發行及製作業
務合計錄得收益 5,560 萬港元（二零二四年：5,530
萬港元），較去年同期略微增加 0.5%。本集團發
行 之 主 要 影 片 包 括 於 新 加 坡 發 行 之《AI 拼 才 會
贏》、《鐵血同盟：蛇血兄弟》及《非常盜 3》。
在製作領域，本集團繼續保持審慎之電影製作投
資決策，但仍積極與外界製片廠合作，將本集團
之華語經典電影片庫重新開發為線上電影及電影
衍生藝術作品。本集團仍積極尋求製作及投資機
會與本地及海外製片廠合作製作優質之電影及電
視節目。
To mitigate the risk of any further delay in Hollywood blockbuster 
release, Golden Village has introduced more independent movies 
and diversified contents including alternative contents, live streaming 
of concerts and events, fan meetings and special movie screenings. 
Golden Village also offered movie vouchers and gift cards, unique 
merchandise items, promotions in partnership with landlords, 
and launched e-commerce websites to add in more variety of our 
revenues. In the meantime, Golden Village continued to source quality 
independent movies for distributions in Singapore to position the 
chain for exclusive screenings.
Golden Village is a well-known household brand name in Singapore 
with a considerable larger scale of operations compared with local 
competitors. We remain confident in Golden Village business prospects, 
and will continue to expand Golden Village market leadership in 
Singapore going forward.
Film & TV Programme Distribution and Production
The Group’s film library carried perpetual distribution rights for over 
140 self-owned titles, which contributed steady licensing income to 
the Group. One of the Group’s key initiatives is to work with external 
studios for redevelopment of the Group’s existing classical Chinese 
movies intellectual property into online movies, and film derivative arts.
Riding on the Group’s leading position and long history in film 
distribution and production, the Group is one of the largest 
independent film distributors in Singapore. On an aggregated basis, the 
Group’s film distribution and production business recorded revenue of 
HK$55.6 million (2024: HK$55.3 million), representing a slight increase 
of 0.5% compared to same period last year. Key titles distributed by the 
Group included I Want To Be Boss (AI 拼 才 會 贏 ), Blood Brothers: Bara 
Naga — Malay ( 鐵血同盟：蛇血兄弟 ) and Now You See Me: Now You 
Don’t (非常盜 3) in Singapore.
For the production sector, the Group continued to remain prudent 
in investment decisions in film productions but is keen to work with 
external studios for redevelopment of the Group’s classical Chinese 
film library into online moves and other film derivative arts. The Group 
remained active in seeking production and investment opportunities 
to work with local and overseas studios for movies and TV programmes 
of high quality.


--- Page 19 ---

Management Discussion & Analysis
管理層討論及分析
17橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
財務回顧
損益
本集團持續經營業務之綜合收益減少 8% 至 6.733
億港元（二零二四年：7.343 億港元），此乃受年內
總入場人次減少 16% 及平均門票價格上升 7% 的綜
合影響所致。來自持續經營業務的毛利減少 8%，
由二零二四年的 4.842 億港元減少至二零二五年的
4.474 億港元，與收入減少同步。持續經營業務的
毛利率則維持穩定於 66%。
持續經營業務的其他收益 1.227 億港元（二零二四
年：3,210 萬港元）主要指恢復成本撥備之撥回之
非經常性收益淨額 1,910 萬港元，以及本集團終止
若干影院租約所產生之租賃修改之非經常性收益
淨額 8,580 萬港元。
本集團持續經營業務之財務費用包括銀行貸款
利息支出及租賃負債利息。銀行貸款利息支出為
440 萬港元，而去年則為 2,260 萬港元。財務費用
減少主要由於償還未償還貸款餘額及年內利率下
降所致。
截至二零二五年十二月三十一日止年度，持續經
營業務的銷售及發行費用以及一般及行政費用由
去年同期的 4.879 億港元減少至截至二零二五年
十二月三十一日止年度的 4.097 億港元。年內持
續經營業務之折舊開支減少至 1.127 億港元（二零
二四年：1.369 億港元）。
截至二零二五年十二月三十一日止年度，本集團
持續經營業務之所得稅錄得抵免 2,870 萬港元（二
零二四年：開支 990 萬港元），此乃由於出售新加
坡一項物業之遞延稅項負債撥回產生所得稅抵免
3,290 萬港元所致。
FINANCIAL REVIEW
Profit and Loss
The Group’s consolidated revenue from continuing operations 
decreased by 8% to HK$673.3 million (2024: HK$734.3 million) along 
with the combined effect of 16% lower total admission and 7% 
increase in the average ticket price during the year. Gross profit from 
continuing operations decreased by 8% from HK$484.2 million in 2024 
to HK$447.4 million in 2025 along with the decrease in revenue. The 
gross profit margin from continuing operations remained stable at 
66%.
Other revenue from continuing operations of HK$122.7 million (2024: 
HK$32.1 million) represents primarily a non-recurring net gain of 
HK$19.1 million from reversal of reinstatement cost provisions and a 
non-recurring net gain of HK$85.8 million from lease modifications 
which resulted from termination of certain cinemas’ leases of the 
Group.
The Group’s finance costs from continuing operations consisted of 
interest expense on bank loans and interest on lease liabilities. Interest 
expense on bank loans amounted to HK$4.4 million, compared with 
HK$22.6 million in last year. This decrease was mainly attributable to 
the combined effect of repayment of the outstanding loan balance 
and lower interest rates during the year.
Selling and distribution costs and general and administrative expenses 
from continuing operations decreased to HK$409.7 million for the 
year ended 31 December 2025, compared to HK$487.9 million in last 
year. Depreciation expense from continuing operations decreased to 
HK$112.7 million (2024: HK$136.9 million) during the year.
The Group’s income tax from continuing operations recorded a credit 
of HK$28.7 million (2024: expense of HK$9.9 million) during the year 
ended 31 December 2025 due to an income tax credit of HK$32.9 
million arising from the reversal of deferred tax liabilities in connection 
with the disposal of a property in Singapore.


--- Page 20 ---

Management Discussion & Analysis
管理層討論及分析
18 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
截至二零二五年十二月三十一日止年度，本集團
錄得出售其於一間合營企業的權益而產生來自已
終止經營業務之非經常性收益淨額 2.943 億港元。
截至二零二五年十二月三十一日止年度並無確認
該等收益。
截至二零二四年十二月三十一日止年度，本集團
就非金融資產確認減值虧損 4.442 億港元，而截至
二零二五年十二月三十一日止年度，本集團確認
持續經營業務減值虧損 1.261 億港元。
於二零二五年六月二日，本集團與獨立第三方
Lion (Singapore) Pte. Limited訂立買賣協議，以代價
4,800 萬新加坡元出售位於新加坡 51 Yishun Central 
1 #02–01 的物業（「出售事項」）。出售事項已於二
零二五年八月八日完成，二零二五年已確認出售
所得淨收益 1,560 萬港元。
因 此，年 內 股 權 持 有 人 應 佔 溢 利 增 加，由 二 零
二四年的虧損 2.426 億港元轉為二零二五年的溢利
5,640 萬港元。
The Group recorded a non-recurring net gain from discontinued 
operations of HK$294.3 million from the disposal of its interest in a joint 
venture during the year ended 31 December 2024. No such gain was 
recognised for the year ended 31 December 2025.
The Group recognised an impairment loss of HK$442.2 million on non-
financial assets during the year ended 31 December 2024, whereas 
the Group recognised an impairment loss of HK$126.1 million from 
continuing operations for the year ended 31 December 2025.
On 2 June 2025, the Group entered into a sale and purchase 
agreement with Lion (Singapore) Pte. Limited, an independent third 
party, to dispose of the property located at 51 Yishun Central 1 #02-
01 in Singapore for a consideration of S$48 million (the “Disposal”). The 
Disposal was completed on 8 August 2025, and a net gain on disposal 
of HK$15.6 million has been recognised in 2025.
As a result, profit attributable to equity holders increased during the 
year, turning around from a loss of HK$242.6 million in 2024 to a profit 
of HK$56.4 million in 2025.


--- Page 21 ---

Management Discussion & Analysis
管理層討論及分析
19橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
財務資源及流動資金
本集團之財務狀況仍然穩健，於二零二五年十二
月三十一日之淨資產達 12.881 億港元（二零二四
年十二月三十一日：11.698 億港元）。
於二零二五年十二月三十一日，本集團持有現金
及銀行結餘總額 2.586 億港元（二零二四年十二月
三十一日：1.336 億港元）。就現金淨額或債務淨
額方面而言（總銀行借款減總現金及銀行結餘），
本集團錄得現金淨額 2.586 億港元，反映年內償還
所有銀行借款，而於二零二四年十二月三十一日
則為債務淨額 3,640 萬港元。
由於目前並無銀行借款，本集團相信其現金連同
可用財務融資將提供足夠資源，應付營運資金需
求。
本集團之資產及負債主要以美元、港元、人民幣
及新加坡元計值。於二零二四年十二月三十一
日，本集團之銀行借款以新加坡元計值，與本集
團之主要營運貨幣一致。本集團各海外業務均以
當地貨幣經營，所承受之外匯風險較低。本集團
將持續評估外匯風險，並會考慮採取可行對沖
措施，盡量以合理成本降低風險。於二零二五年
十二月三十一日，本集團並無任何重大或然負債
或資產負債表外債務（二零二四年十二月三十一
日：無）。
FINANCIAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY
The Group’s financial position remained healthy with net assets of 
HK$1,288.1 million as of 31 December 2025 (31 December 2024: 
HK$1,169.8 million).
As at 31 December 2025, the Group held total cash and bank balances 
of HK$258.6 million (31 December 2024: HK$133.6 million). From a net 
cash or net debt perspective (total bank borrowings less cash and bank 
balances), the Group reported net cash of HK$258.6 million, reflecting 
the repayment of all bank borrowings during the year, compared to 
net debt of HK$36.4 million as at 31 December 2024.
With no bank borrowings currently, the Group believes its cash 
holdings, together with available financial facilities, will provide 
sufficient resources for its working capital requirements.
The Group’s assets and liabilities are principally denominated in United 
States dollars, Hong Kong dollars, Renminbi and Singapore dollars. The 
Group’s bank borrowings as at 31 December 2024 were denominated 
in Singapore dollars, which is in line with the Group’s main operating 
currencies. Each of the Group’s overseas operations were operating 
in their local currencies and are subject to minimal exchange risk. The 
Group will continue to assess the exchange risk exposure, and will 
consider possible hedging measures in order to minimise the risk at 
reasonable cost. The Group did not have any significant contingent 
liabilities or off-balance sheet obligations as of 31 December 2025 (31 
December 2024: Nil).


--- Page 22 ---

Management Discussion & Analysis
管理層討論及分析
20 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
前景
亞洲經濟體持續面臨貿易前景的重大不確定性，
美國關稅政策、利率上調及消費者信心波動等因
素持續引發市場動盪。全球環境仍充滿挑戰，俄
烏戰爭及持續的區域爭端等地緣政治緊張局勢加
劇了市場波動性。該等貿易壁壘預計將在供應鏈
中引發連鎖效應，可能動搖國際市場穩定，並加
劇經濟衰退風險。此外，電影產業面臨上映排期
受限及缺乏重量級大片的明顯缺席等挑戰。
鑒於這些挑戰，本集團將對未來的經營和擴張計
劃採取審慎態度。在串流平台與社交媒體崛起所
引領的快速變革娛樂環境中，本集團深知電影院
雖能提供獨特的娛樂體驗，但多元化內容供應與
提升服務品質實屬關鍵。我們的目標是將電影院
轉型為綜合生活方式樞紐，定位為消費者首選的
頂級娛樂目的地。展望未來，本集團將審慎探索
能與現有業務產生協同效應、為股東創造價值的
合適投資機會。
僱員及薪酬政策
於二零二五年十二月三十一日，本集團聘用 207
名（二零二四年：244 名）全職僱員。本集團主要
根據行業慣例釐定僱員薪酬。除薪金、佣金及酌
情花紅外，購股權將根據個人表現及對本集團的
貢獻授予僱員。本集團亦根據強制性公積金計劃
條例設立定額供款退休褔利計劃，而於二零二五
年十二月三十一日，並無因僱員脫離退休福利計
劃而產生任何沒收供款。
末期股息
董事並不建議派付截至二零二五年十二月三十一
日 止 年 度 之 任 何 末 期 股 息（二 零 二 四 年 十 二 月
三十一日：無）。
OUTLOOK
Asian economies continue to navigate significant unpredictability 
in the trade outlook, with ongoing uncertainties stemming from US 
tariffs, interest rate hikes, and fluctuating consumer confidence. The 
global environment remains challenging, exacerbated by geopolitical 
tensions such as the Russia-Ukraine conflict and ongoing regional 
disputes, which contribute to heightened market volatility. These trade 
barriers are expected to have a cascading effect throughout supply 
chains, potentially destabilizing international markets and increasing 
the risk of recession. Additionally, the cinema industry faces challenges 
with a limited release schedule and a noticeable absence of major 
blockbusters.
In light of these challenges, the Group will adopt a prudent approach 
towards future operations and expansion plans. In this rapidly evolving 
entertainment landscape, characterized by the rise of streaming 
platforms and social media, the Group recognizes that while cinemas 
provide a distinctive entertainment experience, it is essential to 
diversify content offerings and enhance service quality. Our goal is to 
transform our cinemas into integrated lifestyle hubs, positioning them 
as premier entertainment destinations for consumers. Looking ahead, 
the Group will carefully explore suitable investment opportunities that 
can create synergies with our existing businesses and add value for our 
shareholders.
EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICIES
As at 31 December 2025, the Group employed 207 (2024: 244) 
permanent employees. The Group remunerates its employees mainly 
by reference to industry practice. In addition to salaries, commissions 
and discretionary bonuses, share options will be granted to employees 
based on individual performance and contribution to the Group. The 
Group also operates a defined contribution retirement benefit scheme 
under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance and, as at 
31 December 2025, there was no forfeited contribution arising from 
employees leaving the retirement benefit scheme.
FINAL DIVIDEND
The Directors do not recommend the payment of any final dividend for 
the year ended 31 December 2025 (31 December 2024: Nil).


--- Page 23 ---

21
Corporate Governance Report
企業管治報告
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
The Board is pleased to present this Corporate Governance Report for 
the year ended 31 December 2025.
The Company wishes to highlight the importance of the Board in 
ensuring effective leadership and control of the Company, transparency 
and accountability of all aspects of operations and that its business is 
conducted in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
The Company also recognises the importance of good corporate 
governance to the Group’s healthy growth and has devoted 
considerable efforts to identifying and formulating corporate 
governance practices appropriate to the Group’s needs.
CORPORATE CULTURE
As a leading integrator of the movie entertainment industry in Asia, 
the Group instils a culture that respects and promotes innovation, 
sustainability, good corporate governance and compliance with 
relevant laws and regulations. The Board sets the tone and shapes 
the corporate culture of the Company, which is underpinned by the 
Group’s vision of sustainable growth, and the core values of acting 
effectively, lawfully, ethically and responsibly across all levels of the 
Group. The Board plays a leading role in defining the purpose, values 
and strategic direction of the Group and in fostering a culture that is 
forward looking, change embracing and competitiveness focused. The 
desired culture is developed and reflected consistently in the operating 
practices of the Group, workplace policies and practices as well as 
relations with stakeholders. Board oversight of culture encompasses 
a range of measures and tools over time, including workforce 
engagement, employee retention and training, stringent financial 
reporting, effective and accessible whistleblowing framework, legal 
and regulatory compliance (including compliance with the employee’s 
code of conduct and corporate governance policies of the Group), 
as well as staff safety, wellbeing and support. Taking into account the 
corporate culture in a range of contexts, the Board considers that the 
culture and the purpose, value and strategy of the Group are aligned.
CODE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
The Board recognises the importance of good corporate governance to 
maintain the Group’s competitiveness and lead to its healthy growth. 
The Company has taken steps not only to comply with code provisions 
as set out in the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) under 
Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules but also to aim at enhancing 
corporate governance practices of the Group as a whole.
For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company has complied 
with the code provisions of CG Code, with the exception of code 
provision C.1.6 and F.2.2 (which has been re-arranged as code provision 
C.1.5 and F.1.3 with effect from 1 July 2025).
The code provision C.1.6 of the Corporate Governance Code stipulates 
that independent non-executive directors and non-executive directors 
should attend general meetings to gain and develop a balanced 
understanding of the views of shareholders. Ms. Wong Sze Wing, 
independent non-executive Director, was unable to attend the general 
meetings of the Company held on 26 June 2025 and 7 August 2025 
due to other work commitment.
董事會欣然提呈截至二零二五年十二月三十一日
止年度的企業管治報告。
本公司謹此表明，董事會確保本公司有效領導及
監控，在各方面營運的透明度及問責性的重要
性，以及根據適用法律及法規進行其業務。
本公司亦明暸良好企業管治對本集團穩健發展的
重要性，已努力確立及制定符合本集團需要的企
業管治常規。
企業文化
作為一家為具領導地位的亞洲電影產業整合者，
本集團致力培養一個尊重和促進創新、可持續
性、良好企業管治及法律及法規的合規性的文
化。董事會為本公司之企業文化定下基調並加以
塑造，而該文化之基礎為本集團可持續發展的願
景，以及本集團於各層面以高效，合法、合乎道
德及負責任之方式行事之核心價值觀。董事會在
確定本集團之宗旨、價值觀及策略方針以及培養
具前瞻性、接納改變及專注於競爭力之文化方面
發揮主導作用。本集團所期望之文化在其經營實
務、工作場所政策和常規以及與利益相關人士之
關係中得到發展及一致反映。董事會對企業文化
之監督涵蓋一系列長期措施及方法，包括員工參
與、僱員挽留及培訓、嚴謹財務匯報、有效及易
於使用之舉報框架、法律及規管合規（包括遵守
員工守則及本集團的企業管治政策），以及員工
安全、福祉與支援。考慮到各種背景下之企業文
化，董事會認為該文化與本集團之宗旨、價值觀
及策略一致。
企業管治常規守則
董事會深明良好企業管治對維持本集團競爭力及
業務穩健增長之重要性。本公司已採取措施，以
遵守上市規則附錄 C1 企業管治守則（「企業管治守
則」）所載守則條文，同時亦提升本集團之整體企
業管治常規。
截至二零二五年十二月三十一日止年度，本公司
一直遵守企業管治守則之守則條文規定，惟第
C.1.6 及 F.2.2 條守則條文（其已重新編列為第 C.1.5
及 F.1.3 條守則條文，自二零二五年七月一日起生
效）除外。
企業管治守則的守則條文第 C.1.6 條規定獨立非執
行董事及非執行董事應出席股東大會，以對股東
的意見有全面、公正的了解。獨立非執行董事黃
斯穎女士因其他工作事務未能出席本公司於二零
二五年六月二十六日及二零二五年八月七日舉行
的股東大會。


--- Page 24 ---

22 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Corporate Governance Report
企業管治報告
企業管治守則第 F.2.2 條守則條文規定，董事會主
席須出席股東週年大會（「股東週年大會」）。董事
會主席伍克波先生因其他公務而未能出席於二零
二五年六月二十六日舉行的股東週年大會。擔任
股東週年大會主席之鄒秀芳女士以及出席股東週
年大會之其他董事會成員均具備足夠能力及知識
於股東週年大會解答提問。
董事進行證券交易
本公司已採納條款不較上市規則附錄 C3 所載上
市發行人董事進行證券交易的標準守則（「標準
守則」）寬鬆之守則。本公司已向全體董事作出具
體查詢，彼等均確認，於截至二零二五年十二月
三十一日止年度一直遵守標準守則及本公司守則
所載規定。可能管有本集團內幕消息的相關僱員
亦須遵守不較標準守則所訂寬鬆的書面指引。
董事會
於本年報日期，董事會由五名執行董事（包括董
事會主席）及三名獨立非執行董事組成。彼等之
履歷詳情載於本年報第 4 至 9 頁「董事及首席執行
官個人履歷」內。
董事會共同負責監督本集團業務及事務之管理工
作。董事會於年內定期會面，以討論整體策略以
及本集團之營運與財務表現。有關 (i) 制定本集團
整體策略及方向；(ii) 本公司主要股東或董事之任
何重大利益衝突；(iii) 批准本集團年度業績、年度
預算、中期業績及其他重大營運與財務交易；(iv)
更改本公司之股本結構；及 (v) 就董事會作出重大
委任之事項均由董事會決定。董事會已授權本公
司執行董事及管理層負責本集團之日常管理、行
政及營運，並實施及執行董事會政策及策略。
全體董事已付出足夠時間及精力處理本集團事
務，彼等擁有及時取得有關本集團事務之所有相
關資料之一切權力，能夠獲得公司秘書之建議及
服務而不受任何限制。董事在履行職務及職責時
可尋求獨立專業意見，費用由本公司承擔。
本公司已就董事進行公司活動而可能面對任何法
律訴訟產生之責任投購合適及充足之保險。
Code provision F.2.2 requires the chairman of the Board to attend the 
annual general meeting (the “AGM”). Mr. Wu Kebo, the Chairman of the 
Board, was unable to attend the AGM on 26 June 2025 due to other 
business commitment. Ms. Chow Sau Fong, Fiona, who took the chair 
of the AGM, together with other members of the Board who attended 
the AGM were of sufficient calibre and knowledge for answering 
questions at the AGM.
DIRECTORS’ SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
The Company has adopted its own code on terms no less exacting 
than those set out in the Model Code for Securities Transactions by 
Directors of Listed Issuers in Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules (the 
“Model Code”). The Company has made specific enquiries with all the 
Directors and all of them have confirmed that they had complied with 
the requirements set out in the Model Code and the Company’s Code 
for the year ended 31 December 2025. Relevant employees who are 
likely to be in possession of inside information of the Group are also 
subject to compliance with written guidelines on no less exacting 
terms than the Model Code.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
As at the date of this annual report, the Board comprises five executive 
Directors (including the Chairman of the Board) and three independent 
non-executive Directors, whose biographical details are set out in the 
“Biographical Details of Directors and Chief Executive Officer” on pages 
4 to 9 of this annual report.
The Board is collectively responsible for overseeing the management 
of the business and affairs of the Group. The Board meets regularly 
throughout the year to discuss the overall strategies as well as 
operation and financial performances of the Group. Matters relating 
to (i) the formulation of the Group’s overall strategy and directions; 
(ii) any material conflict of interest of substantial shareholders of the 
Company or Directors; (iii) approval of the Group’s annual results, 
annual budgets, interim results and other significant operational and 
financial transactions; (iv) changes to the Company’s capital structure; 
and (v) major appointments to the Board are reserved for decisions 
by the Board. The Board has delegated the day-to-day management, 
administration and operation of the Group and implementation and 
execution of Board policies and strategies to the executive Directors 
and management of the Company.
All Directors have given sufficient time and effort to the affairs of the 
Group and they have full and timely access to all relevant information 
regarding the Group’s affairs and have unrestricted access to the 
advice and services of the company secretary. The Directors may 
seek independent professional advice at the Company’s expenses in 
carrying out their duties and responsibilities.
Appropriate and sufficient insurance coverage has been effected by 
the Company in respect of Directors’ liabilities arising from any legal 
action that may be taken against the Directors in relation to corporate 
activities.


--- Page 25 ---

23
Corporate Governance Report
企業管治報告
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
年內約每季度曾舉行共四次常規董事會會議，以
（其中包括）審閱及批准財務及營運表現，以及考
慮、審閱及╱或批准本公司整體策略及政策。各
董事於截至二零二五年十二月三十一日止年度出
席四個常規季度董事會會議（不包括其他不時舉
行的不定期董事會會議及根據企業管治守則的董
事會成員的任何其他會議）及股東大會的出席記
錄載列如下：
 根據本公司的公司細則（「公司細則」），董事可親身、
透過電話或其他視像會議方式出席會議。
* 根據公司細則，並非全體董事均須出席主要處理考
慮及批准日常業務交易的其餘董事會議。
年內，主席亦與獨立非執行董事舉行了一次沒有
其他董事出席的會議。
董事會會議常規及程序
定期董事會會議於董事會會議日期前給予全體董
事最少 14 日事前通知，並於董事會會議日期前
最少三日向全體董事派發議程連同會議文件及資
料。全體董事均可於議程內加入其有意於會議上
討論之任何其他事項。董事委員會亦採用及沿用
上述董事委員會會議之程序。全體董事及董事委
員會成員須親身出席董事會及董事委員會會議，
任何董事或董事委員會成員若未能親身出席任何
該等會議，該等董事及董事委員會成員可透過已
安排之電子方式參與會議。
During the year, four regular Board meetings were held at 
approximately quarterly intervals for, among others, reviewing and 
approving the financial and operating performance and considering, 
reviewing and/or approving the overall strategies and policies of the 
Company. The attendance of individual Directors at the four regular 
quarterly Board meetings (not including other ad hoc Board meetings 
held from time to time and any other meeting(s) of members of the 
Board in compliance with the CG Code) and general meeting during 
the year ended 31 December 2025 is set out below:
Regular Board
Meetings Attended/
Eligible to Attend*
General Meetings 
Attended/
Eligible to Attend
Members
成員
曾出席╱合資格出席
常規董事會會議 *
曾出席╱合資格
出席股東大會
Executive Directors 執行董事
Wu Kebo (Chairman) 伍克波（主席） 4/4 0/2
Li Pei Sen 李培森 1/1 0/1
Chow Sau Fong, Fiona 鄒秀芳 4/4 2/2
Go Tomohiro 伍智裕 2/2 0/0
Go Misaki Go Misaki 1/2 0/2
Peng Bolun 彭博倫 4/4 0/2
Kong Minru 孔敏茹 3/3 0/2
Independent Non-executive Directors 獨立非執行董事
Leung Man Kit 梁民傑 4/4 2/2
Wong Sze Wing 黃斯穎 4/4 0/2
Fung Chi Man, Henry 馮志文 4/4 2/2
 Directors may attend meetings in person, by telephone or through 
other means of video conference in accordance with the Bye-laws of the 
Company (“Bye-laws”).
* Pursuant to the Bye-laws, not all Directors were required to attend the 
rest of the Board meetings which mainly dealt with the consideration 
and approval of ordinary business transactions.
During the year, the Chairman also held a meeting with the 
independent non-executive Directors without the presence of other 
Directors.
Practices and Conduct of Board Meetings
At least 14 days’ prior notice to the date of regular Board meetings 
was given to all Directors and an agenda together with Board papers 
and materials were sent to all Directors no less than three days before 
the date of the Board meeting. All Directors were given opportunity to 
include in the agenda any other matters that they would like to discuss 
in the meeting. The Board committee also adopted and followed the 
foregoing procedures for the Board committee meetings. All Directors 
and Board committee members were urged to attend the Board 
meeting and the Board committee meeting in person. If any Director 
or Board committee member was unable to attend any such meeting 
in person, participation through electronic means had been arranged 
and made available to such Director and Board committee member.


--- Page 26 ---

24 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Corporate Governance Report
企業管治報告
根據現行董事會常規，任何涉及主要股東或董事
利益衝突的重大交易或事宜，須經由正式召開的
實質董事會會議（於交易無重大利益關係的獨立
非執行董事應出席會議）處理。任何於交易或事
宜擁有重大權益的董事或彼等之緊密聯繫人須在
批准該等交易的會議放棄表決及不獲計入法定人
數內。
本公司之公司秘書或公司秘書部員工負責編製及
保存每次董事會會議及董事委員會會議之詳細會
議記錄，並於每次會議後之合理時間內向全體董
事傳閱會議記錄初稿，以供董事提供意見，而全
體董事均獲發會議記錄最終獲批准之版本作記
錄。董事委員會亦已採用及沿用董事會會議採用
之相同常規及程序。
據本公司所深知，除 Go 先生為伍先生之兒子；以
及本年報「董事會報告」內「董事及最高行政人員
於股份、相關股份或債權證之權益及淡倉」及「主
要股東及其他人士於股份及相關股份之權益及淡
倉」各段所列載權益外，董事會成員間並無任何
其他財務、業務、家族或其他重大╱關連關係。
董事培訓
各新任董事已於首次獲委任時接受全面、正式及
為其而設之就職指引，確保其對本集團業務及營
運有恰當瞭解，並完全明白彼於上市規則及相關
監管規定項下之責任及義務。如有需要，董事亦
獲安排提供持續簡報及專業發展，費用由本公司
承擔。
本公司定期向董事提供有關本集團業務以及本
集團經營業務所在地的法規及監管環境之最新
資料。董事承諾遵守企業管治守則之守則條文第
C.1.4 條（自 2025 年 7 月 1 日起已獲重新編排為第 C.1
節原則及守則條文第 C.1.1 條）。全體董事均已參
與發展及更新彼等知識及技能之持續專業發展，
以確保彼等向董事局所作出的貢獻是在具備全面
資訊下作出及與截至 2025 年 12 月 31 日止年度相
關的。本公司將會於適當時為董事安排內部協助
之簡報會，並就相關主題發送閱讀材料予董事。
本公司鼓勵所有董事參加相關培訓課程，費用由
本公司支付。
截至 2025 年 12 月 31 日止年度內，本公司已向全
體董事提供有關企業管治事宜的閱讀材料及上市
規則更新的簡報，以供彼等參考及細閱。截至二
零二五年十二月三十一日止年度各董事的培訓紀
錄由本公司保存。
According to current Board practice, any material transaction or matter 
which involves conflicting interests of a substantial shareholder or a 
Director, are dealt with by a duly convened physical Board meeting, 
at which independent non-executive Directors having no material 
interest in the transaction should be present. Any Directors or any of 
their close associates having material interests in the transaction or 
matter shall abstain from voting and not to be counted in the quorum 
at meetings for approving such transactions.
The company secretary or the staff of the company secretarial 
department of the Company prepared and kept detailed minutes 
of each Board meeting and Board committee meeting and, within a 
reasonable time after each meeting, the draft minutes were circulated 
to all Directors for comment and the final and approved version of the 
minutes was sent to all Directors for their records. The Board committee 
had also adopted and followed the same practices and procedures as 
used in the Board meetings.
To the best knowledge of the Company, except for Mr. Go who is the 
son of Mr. Wu; and the interests as set out in the paragraphs headed 
“Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares, 
Underlying Shares or Debentures” and “Substantial Shareholders’ and 
Other Persons’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares and Underlying 
Shares” in the “Report of the Directors” in this annual report, there is no 
other financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationship 
among members of the Board.
Training for Directors
Each newly appointed Director will receive comprehensive, formal 
and tailored induction on the first occasion of his/her appointment, 
so as to ensure that he/she has an appropriate understanding of the 
business and operations of the Group and that he/she is fully aware 
of his/her responsibilities and obligations under the Listing Rules and 
relevant regulatory requirements. There are also arrangements in place 
for providing continuing briefing and professional development to 
Directors at the Company’s expenses whenever necessary.
The Company provides the Directors with regular updates relating to 
the Group’s business and the legislative and regulatory environments 
in which the Group conducts its business. The Directors are committed 
to complying with the code provision C.1.4 of the CG Code (which 
has been re-arranged as principle of section C.1 and code provision 
C.1.1 with effect from 1 July 2025). All Directors have participated in 
continuous professional development to develop and refresh their 
knowledge and skills to ensure that their contribution to the Board 
remains informed and relevant for the year ended 31 December 2025. 
The Company will arrange internally-facilitated briefings for Directors 
and reading material on relevant topics will be issued to Directors 
where appropriate. All Directors are encouraged to attend relevant 
training courses at the Company’s expense.
During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company has provided 
reading materials on corporate governance matters and update on the 
Listing Rules to all Directors for their reference and studying. Records 
of training of each Director for the year ended 31 December 2025 were 
kept by the Company.


--- Page 27 ---

25
Corporate Governance Report
企業管治報告
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
During the Year, the training undertaken by each Director are 
summarised as follows:
Reading Legal and Regulatory 
Updates and Materials
閱讀法律及監管更新與材料
Chairman & Executive Director 主席兼執行董事
Wu Kebo 伍克波 V
Executive Directors 執行董事
Chow Sau Fong, Fiona 鄒秀芳 V
Go Tomohiro 伍智裕 V
Peng Bolun 彭博倫 V
Kong Minru 孔敏茹 V
Independent Non-executive Directors 獨立非執行董事
Leung Man Kit 梁民傑 V
Wong Sze Wing 黃斯穎 V
Fung Chi Man, Henry 馮志文 V
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTIONS
The Board is responsible for performing the corporate governance 
duties including:
(a) to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on 
corporate governance;
(b) to review and monitor the training and continuous professional 
development of the Directors and senior management;
(c) to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on 
compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;
(d) to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and 
compliance manual (if any) applicable to employees and the 
Directors; and
(e) to review the Company’s compliance with the Corporate 
Governance Code and Corporate Governance Report as set out 
in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules.
During the year, the Board reviewed the effectiveness of the internal 
controls and risk management systems of the Company.
CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
The Chairman of the Board, Mr. Wu, is responsible for providing 
leadership of the Board and ensuring all Directors are properly briefed on 
issues arising at the Board meeting. In addition, he is charged with the 
duty to ensure that the Directors receive in a timely manner adequate, 
complete and reliable information in relation to the Group’s affairs. The 
Chairman also encourages the Directors to actively participate in and 
to make a full contribution to the Board so that the Board functions 
effectively and acts in the best interest of the Company.
年內，各董事所接受的培訓概況如下：
企業管治職能
董事會負責履行之企業管治職責包括：
(a) 制定及檢討本公司之企業管治政策及常規；
(b) 檢討及監察董事及高級管理人員之培訓及
持續專業發展；
(c) 檢討及監察本公司在遵守法律及監管規定
方面之政策及常規；
(d) 制定、檢討及監察僱員及董事之操守守則
及合規手冊（如有）；及
(e) 檢討本公司遵守上市規則附錄十四所載企
業管治守則及企業管治報告之情況。
年內，董事會已檢討本公司內部監控及風險管理
制度之成效。
主席及首席執行官
董事會主席伍先生負責領導董事會，並確保全體
董事已適當知悉於董事會會議提出之事宜。此
外，彼負責確保董事及時收到有關本集團事務之
充分、完整及可靠資料。主席亦鼓勵董事積極參
與董事會，為董事會全力作出貢獻，以使董事會
有效運作，並能按本公司最佳利益行事。


--- Page 28 ---

26 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Corporate Governance Report
企業管治報告
獨立非執行董事
獨立非執行董事擁有廣泛的商業及財務專業知識
與經驗，並透過參與董事會會議，在涉及策略、
政策、公司表現、問責性、資源、主要委任及操
守準則等事宜上，提供獨立的意見。獨立非執行
董事透過在出現潛在利益衝突時發揮牽頭引導作
用、出任各董事會委員會成員、審查本公司的表
現是否達到企業目標和目的並監察匯報公司表現
的事宜，已成為本公司穩健增長的重要力量。
截至二零二五年十二月三十一日止年度，董事會
一直遵守上市規則第 3.10(1)、3.10(2) 及 3.10A 條有
關委任最少三名獨立非執行董事，須佔董事會成
員人數至少三分之一而其中最少一名獨立非執行
董事須具備合適專業資歷或會計或相關財務管理
專業知識的規定。
本公司確認已接獲各獨立非執行董事根據上市規
則第 3.13 條規定所作出有關其獨立身分的年度確
認書，根據上市規則第 3.13 條所載獨立性標準，
所有獨立非執行董事為獨立。
公司秘書
張希銘女士於二零一七年八月十五日獲委任為本
公司之公司秘書（「公司秘書」）。公司秘書須確保
董事會成員之間資訊交流良好以及董事會政策及
程序得到遵循以支援董事會。公司秘書應向董事
會主席或首席執行官匯報所有相關事宜。截至二
零二五年十二月三十一日止年度，公司秘書確認
彼已接受不少於 15 小時之相關專業培訓。
董事會委員會
董事會下設三個委員會：審核委員會、提名委員
會及薪酬委員會，以掌管本公司特定事務。各董
事會委員會均設有明確書面職權範圍，載列其要
求董事委員會向董事會報告其決定或意見的權限
及職責（適用法律或監管規定限制者除外）。為提
供透明度董事會委員會的職權範圍於本公司及聯
交所網站刊載，其複印件亦可供股東索閱。
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
The independent non-executive Directors possess a wide range of 
business and financial expertise, experiences and, through participation 
in board meetings, offer independent judgment on issues of strategy, 
policy, performance, accountability, resources, key appointments 
and standard of conducts. Through taking the lead where potential 
conflicts of interests arise, serving on the Board committees, examining 
the Company’s performance in achieving corporate goals and 
objectives and monitoring performance reporting, the independent 
non-executive Directors has become an integral part of the healthy 
growth of the Company.
During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Board at all times met 
the requirements of Rules 3.10(1), 3.10(2) and 3.10A of the Listing 
Rules relating to the appointment of at least three independent non-
executive Directors, representing at least one-third of the Board 
and with at least one of the independent non-executive Directors 
possessing appropriate professional qualifications, or accounting or 
related financial management expertise.
The Company confirms that it has received written annual confirmation 
from each independent non-executive Director concerning his/
her independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and all 
independent non-executive Directors are considered independent 
having regard to the independence criteria as set out in Rule 3.13 of 
the Listing Rules.
COMPANY SECRETARY
Ms. Cheung Hei Ming has been appointed as the company secretary 
(“Company Secretary”) of the Company with effect from 15 August 
2017. The Company Secretary needs to support the Board by ensuring 
a good information flow within the Board and that Board’s policy and 
procedures are followed. The Company Secretary should report to 
the Chairman of Board or the CEO on all related matters. For the year 
ended 31 December 2025, the Company Secretary confirmed that she 
had taken no less than 15 hours of relevant professional training.
BOARD COMMITTEES
The Board has established three committees, namely, the Audit 
Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration 
Committee, for overseeing specific aspects of the Company’s affairs. 
Each Board committee was established with defined written terms 
of reference setting out its authorities and duties and requiring the 
Board Committees to report back to the Board on their decisions or 
recommendations (unless otherwise restricted by applicable legal 
or regulatory requirements). To provide transparency, the terms 
of reference of the Board committees are made available on the 
Company’s and the Stock Exchange’s websites and hard copies of the 
same are available to the shareholders upon request


--- Page 29 ---

27
Corporate Governance Report
企業管治報告
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
審核委員會
董事會於一九九八年十月九日成立本公司之審核
委員會（「審核委員會」），並根據上市規則書面訂
明其職權範圍，職權範圍已於聯交所及本公司網
站登載。於二零二五年十二月三十一日，審核委
員會成員包括三名獨立非執行董事，即擔任審核
委員會主席之梁先生、馮先生及黃女士。
截至二零二五年十二月三十一日止年度，本公司
曾舉行兩次審核委員會會議，審核委員會個別成
員之出席情況如下：
審核委員會之主要職務包括監督本公司財務報表
是否完整全面、按董事會授權檢討本公司之財務
監控、風險管理及內部監控制度（包括資源充足
性、本公司會計及財務申報職能員工之資歷及經
驗以及其培訓計劃及預算）及風險管理成效，並
就委任及委聘外聘核數師進行審核及非審核服務
向董事會作出推薦意見。審核委員會獲提供充足
資源以履行其職務。
截至二零二五年十二月三十一日止年度，審核委
員會已審閱本集團採納之會計原則及政策，並討
論及審閱財務申報事宜，包括中期及經審核財務
報表。此外，審核委員會亦審閱外聘核數師之委
聘、本公司內部監控及風險管理制度是否足夠及
有效，並向董事會作出推薦意見。董事會與審核
委員會就甄選、委任或罷免外聘核數師並無意見
分歧。
年內，在審核委員會的建議下，董事會亦已設立
反貪污及舉報政策與制度，此有利於建立健全之
企業文化及良好之企業管治常規。
AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Board established an audit committee of the Company (the “Audit 
Committee”) on 9 October 1998 and formulated its written terms of 
reference in accordance with the requirements of the Listing Rules, 
which have been uploaded on the websites of the Stock Exchange 
and the Company. As at 31 December 2025, the Audit Committee’s 
members comprised three independent non-executive Directors, being 
Mr. Leung (who also acts as the Chairman of the Audit Committee), Mr. 
Fung and Ms. Wong.
During the year ended 31 December 2025, two Audit Committee 
meetings were held and the individual attendance of the members of 
the Audit Committee is set out as follows:
Meetings
Attended/Eligible
to Attend
Members
成員
曾出席╱合資格
出席會議
Leung Man Kit (Chairman) 梁民傑（主席） 2/2
Wong Sze Wing 黃斯穎 2/2
Fung Chi Man, Henry 馮志文 2/2
The principal duties of the Audit Committee include monitoring the 
integrity of the financial statements of the Company, reviewing the 
effectiveness of the Company’s financial control, risk management 
and internal control systems (including the adequacy of resources, 
qualifications and experience of staff of the Company’s accounting 
and financial reporting function, and their training programmes 
and budget) and risk management as delegated by the Board, and 
making recommendations to the Board on the appointment and 
engagement of the external auditors for audit and non-audit services. 
The Audit Committee is provided with sufficient resources enabling it 
to discharge its duties.
During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Audit Committee 
reviewed the accounting principles and policies adopted by the Group 
and discussed and reviewed financial reporting matters including 
the interim and audited financial statements. In addition, the Audit 
Committee also reviewed the engagement of the external auditors 
and the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company’s internal control 
and risk management systems and made recommendations to the 
Board. There was no disagreement between the Board and the Audit 
Committee on the selection, appointment or resignation of the 
external auditors.
During the year, the Board has also, with the recommendation of the 
Audit Committee, established anti-corruption and whistleblowing 
policies and systems, which are conducive to setting a healthy 
corporate culture and good corporate governance practices.


--- Page 30 ---

28 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Corporate Governance Report
企業管治報告
根據上市規則第 3.21 條，發行人之審核委員會須
包括最少三名成員並僅由非執行董事組成，而當
中最少一名為具上市規則第 3.10(2) 條規定之合適
資格或會計或相關財務管理專長之獨立非執行董
事。董事確認，本公司已於截至二零二五年十二
月三十一日止年度遵守有關規定。
薪酬委員會
董事會已於二零零四年十月八日成立本公司之薪
酬委員會（「薪酬委員會」），並根據企業管治守則
書面訂明其職權範圍，職權範圍已於聯交所及本
公司網站登載。薪酬委員會成員現時包括一名執
行董事伍先生以及兩名獨立非執行董事梁先生及
擔任薪酬委員會主席之黃女士。薪酬委員會之主
要職責包括根據其職權範圍，就本公司全體董事
及高級管理人員之薪酬待遇政策及架構向董事會
作出推薦意見，其中包括實物利益、退休金權利
及賠償費用（包括就喪失或終止職務或委任而應
付之任何賠償）。本公司董事及高級管理人員之
薪酬乃參照可供比較公司支付之薪金、董事及高
級管理人員投入之時間及職責、本集團各地區之
僱傭條件及與表現掛鈎薪酬是否適用等因素而釐
定。
薪酬委員會須就執行董事之薪酬徵詢董事會主席
之意見，如有需要，薪酬委員會成員可就執行董
事之薪酬徵求專業意見。
薪酬委員會於截至二零二五年十二月三十一日止
年度曾舉行一次會議，以檢討個別執行董事之薪
酬待遇，並就此向董事會作出推薦意見。薪酬委
員會亦已檢討及批准執行董事之服務合約條款。
截至二零二五年十二月三十一日止年度薪酬委員
會之組成及薪酬委員會成員出席薪酬委員會會議
之情況如下：
Pursuant to Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules, the audit committee of an 
issuer must comprise a minimum of three members, comprising non- 
executive directors only, and at least one of them is an independent 
non-executive Director with appropriate qualifications or accounting or 
related financial management expertise as required under Rule 3.10(2) 
of the Listing Rules. Our Directors confirm that we had complied with 
such requirements during the year ended 31 December 2025.
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
The Board established a remuneration committee of the Company (the 
“Remuneration Committee”) on 8 October 2004 and has formulated 
its written terms of reference in accordance with the CG Code, which 
have been uploaded on the websites of the Stock Exchange and 
the Company. The Remuneration Committee currently comprises 
one executive Director, being Mr. Wu, and two independent non- 
executive Directors, being Mr. Leung and Ms. Wong (who also acts 
as the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee). The principal 
responsibilities of the Remuneration Committee include making 
recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and 
structure for the remuneration packages of all the Directors and senior 
management of the Company according to its terms of reference, 
including benefits in kind, pension rights and compensation payments, 
including any compensation payable for the loss or termination of their 
office or appointment. The remuneration of the Directors and senior 
management of the Company is determined by reference to factors 
such as salaries paid by comparable companies, time commitment and 
responsibilities of the Directors and senior management, employment 
conditions elsewhere in the Group and desirability of performance 
based remuneration.
The Remuneration Committee is required to consult the Chairman of 
the Board regarding the remuneration of the executive Directors, and 
members of the Remuneration Committee have access to professional 
advice on remuneration of executive Directors, if considered necessary.
The Remuneration Committee held one meeting during the year ended 
31 December 2025 to review and make recommendations to the 
Board on the remuneration package of individual executive Directors. 
The Remuneration Committee also reviewed and approved the terms 
of service contracts of the executive Directors. The composition of the 
Remuneration Committee during the year ended 31 December 2025 
and the attendance of the members of the Remuneration Committee 
to the meetings of the Remuneration Committee are as follows:
Meetings 
Attended/Eligible 
to Attend
Members
成員
曾出席╱合資格
出席會議
Wong Sze Wing (Chairman) 黃斯穎（主席） 1/1
Wu Kebo 伍克波 1/1
Leung Man Kit 梁民傑 1/1


--- Page 31 ---

29
Corporate Governance Report
企業管治報告
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
根據第 E.1.5 條企業管治守則條文，本集團高級管
理人員（只包括執行董事和首席執行官）截至二零
二五年十二月三十一日止年度之薪酬範圍載列如
下：
截至二零二五年十二月三十一日止年度，本公司
就二零二五年完成出售新加坡物業向鄒秀芳女士
及彭博倫先生分別發放約 400,000 港元及 70,000 港
元之酌情花紅。
董事和首席執行官各自之酬金詳情，載於本年報
第 187 頁之財務報表附註 8。
提名委員會
董事會於二零一二年三月二十六日成立本公司之
提名委員會（「提名委員會」），並根據企業管治守
則書面訂明其職權範圍，職權範圍已於聯交所及
本公司網站登載。提名委員會現時成員包括一名
擔任提名委員會主席之執行董事伍先生以及兩名
獨立非執行董事黃女士及梁先生。提名委員會之
主要職責包括檢討董事會架構、規模及組成；物
色合資格作為董事會成員之人選；評估獨立非執
行董事之獨立身分並就董事人選作出甄選或另就
甄選、委任或重新委任獲提名人士擔任董事職務
向董事會作出推薦建議，特別是董事會主席及最
高行政人員相關事宜。提名委員會將考慮專業資
格、經驗、學歷等因素作出該等甄選及推薦建議。
如有需要，提名委員會成員可就執行董事之提名
徵詢獨立專業意見。
Pursuant to the CG Code provision E.1.5, the remuneration of the 
members of the senior management of the Group (which include the 
executive Directors and chief executive officer only) by band for the 
year ended 31 December 2025 is set out below:
Remuneration bands (HK$) Number of Individuals
薪酬範圍（港元） 人數
< 1,000,000 6
1,000,001–5,000,000 2
5,000,001–10,000,000 0
During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company distributed 
approximately HK$400,000 to Ms. Chow Sau Fong, Fiona and 
HK$70,000 to Mr. Peng Bolun as discretionary bonuses regarding to the 
completion of Singapore property disposal in 2025.
Details of emoluments of each Director and chief executive officer are 
set out in note 8 to the financial statements on page 125 of this annual 
report.
NOMINATION COMMITTEE
The Board established a nomination committee of the Company (the 
“Nomination Committee”) on 26 March 2012 and has formulated its 
written terms of reference in accordance with the CG code, which 
have been uploaded on the websites of the Stock Exchange and 
the Company. The Nomination Committee currently comprises one 
executive Director, being Mr. Wu (who also acts as the Chairman of 
the Nomination Committee) and two independent non-executive 
Directors, being Ms. Wong and Mr. Leung. The principal responsibilities 
of the Nomination Committee include reviewing the structure, size and 
composition of the Board, identifying individuals qualified to become 
Board members, assessing the independence of independent non- 
executive Directors and selecting or making recommendations to the 
Board on the selection, appointment or re-appointment of individuals 
nominated for directorships, in particular the Chairman of the Board 
and the chief executive. The Nomination Committee, in making such 
selection and recommendation, will take into account factors such as 
professional qualifications, experience, academic background, etc.
The members of the Nomination Committee have access to 
independent professional advice on the nomination of executive 
Directors, if considered necessary.


--- Page 32 ---

30 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Corporate Governance Report
企業管治報告
董事會多元化政策
董事會於二零一三年八月二十八日採納一套董事
會多元化政策（「董事會多元化政策」），藉以提升
表現質素。提名委員會負責代表董事會檢討及評
估董事會之多元化格局，包括（但不限於）性別、
年齡、文化及教育背景、專業經驗、技能及提名
委員會不時認為重要之其他素質方面。在物色合
適候選人加入董事會時，提名委員會按客觀標準
考慮候選人之優點及是否有利於董事會多元化。
在檢討董事會之組成時，委員會全方位考慮多元
化因素，包括（但不限於）上述因素，以維持董事
會在技能、經驗及多元化各方面維持合適範圍及
均衡發展。提名委員會將在適當時候檢討董事會
多元化政策，以確保董事會多元化政策行之有效。
於本報告日期，8 名董事其中 3 名（佔總數約 38%）
為女性。董事之年齡介乎 34 至 72 歲。教育及專業
背景方面，董事會成員具備會計、財務、電訊及
一般商業知識。因此，董事會相信，董事會在性
別、年齡、教育及專業背景方面已達致多元化格
局。
本集團致力實現性別多元化，以消除任何形式的
性別歧視，包括但不限於招聘、薪酬、培訓及晉
升，並定期檢討本集團內的性別平等，並採取糾
正措施以改善性別平衡。截至二零二五年十二月
三十一日止年度，本集團員工人數（包括香港和
新加坡地區的全職和兼職員工）分別為 470 名男性
或 50.98%，452 名女性或 49.02%（二零二四年十二
月三十一日：593 名男性或 52.90%，528 名女性或
47.10%）。本集團致力實現性別多元化，以享受更
廣泛的人才庫和促進創造力和創新的好處，詳情
請參閱本年報「環境、社會及管治報告」一節。
提名政策
董事會已採納提名政策（「提名政策」），當中載列
挑選準則及提名程序，以物色、挑選及建議董事
候選人。
挑選準則
於評核及挑選董事候選人時，提名委員會成員及
董事會須考慮以下準則：
(a) 品格及誠信；
Board Diversity Policy
The Board adopted a board diversity policy (“Board Diversity Policy”) 
on 28 August 2013 to enhance the quality of its performance. The 
Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing and assessing the 
diversity at the Board level for and on behalf of the Board in term of 
(including but not limited to) gender, age, cultural and educational 
background, professional experience, skills and such other qualities 
as may be considered important by the Nomination Committee from 
time to time. In identifying suitable candidates for appointment to 
the Board, the Nomination Committee considers candidates on merit 
against objective criteria and also the benefits of diversity on the 
Board. In reviewing the Board composition, the Committee considers 
the benefits of all aspects of diversity including, but not limited to, 
those described above, in order to maintain an appropriate range and 
balance of skills, experience and diversity on the Board. The Nomination 
Committee will review the Board Diversity Policy in a timely manner to 
ensure that the Board Diversity Policy is effective.
As at the date of this report, it is noted that 3 out of 8 Directors, 
representing approximately 38%, are female. The Directors’ ages 
are widely spread between 34 and 72. Regarding the educational 
and professional background, the Board members have accounting, 
finance, telecommunication and general business knowledge. It is 
therefore believed that the Board has achieved diversity in terms of 
gender, age, educational and professional background.
The Group is committed to achieving gender diversity to eliminate any 
form of gender discrimination, including but not limited to recruitment, 
remuneration, training and promotion, and keeps reviewing gender 
equality within the Group regularly and taking corrective actions to 
improve gender balance. As at the year ended 31 December 2025, the 
number of employees of the Group (including both full time and part 
time employees for Hong Kong and Singapore regions) consisted of 
470 male or 50.98% and 452 female or 49.02% (31 December 2024: 
593 male or 52.90% and 528 female or 47.10%). The Group strives to 
achieve gender diversity in order to enjoy the benefits of accessing 
a wider talent pool and boosting creativity and innovation. For 
details, please refer to the section headed “Environmental, Social and 
Governance Report” in this annual report.
Nomination Policy
The Board has adopted a nomination policy (the “Nomination Policy”) 
which sets out the selection criteria and nomination procedures to 
identify, select and recommend candidates for Directors.
Selection Criteria
When evaluating and selecting candidates for directorships, the 
members of the Nomination Committee or the Board shall consider 
the following criteria:
(a) Character and integrity;


--- Page 33 ---

31
Corporate Governance Report
企業管治報告
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
(b) 包括與本公司業務及企業策略相關之專業
資格、技術、知識及經驗在內之資歷；
(c) 董事會多元化政策及提名委員會為達致董
事會多元化而採納之任何可計量目標；
(d) 投入充足時間履行董事會成員及其他董事
職務及重大承擔之意願；
(e) 對於獨立非執行董事，候選人是否根據上
市規則被視為具獨立身分；
(f) 對於重選連任，將獲重選之董事對本公司
所作整體貢獻及服務、在董事會內之參與
程度及表現，以及本節所載其他準則；及
(g) 適用於本公司業務之其他觀點。
此等因素僅供參考，並非詳盡及決定性。提名委
員會可酌情提名其認為合適之任何人士。
提名程序
(a) 提名委員會及╱或董事會負責物色潛在候
選人，方法包括但不限於內部晉升、調任、
管理層其他成員及外部招聘機構及╱或顧
問之轉介。提名委員會其後制定候選人名
單及就建議候選人達成共識；
(b) 建議候選人會被要求提交所需個人資料、
履歷詳情連同董事任命之同意書。提名委
員會可要求候選人提供被視為必要之額外
資料及文件；
(c) 提名委員會須於接獲委任新董事建議及建
議候選人個人資料（或相關詳情）後，按照
上述準則評核有關候選人，以釐定有關候
選人是否符合資格履行董事職務；
(d) 對於在本公司股東大會獲股東提名參選董
事之任何人士，提名委員會須按照上述準
則評核有關候選人，以釐定有關候選人是
否符合資格履行董事職務；
(b) Qualifications including professional qualifications, skills, 
knowledge and experience that are relevant to the Company’s 
business and corporate strategies;
(c) The Board Diversity Policy and any measurable objectives 
adopted by the Nomination Committee for achieving diversity 
on the Board;
(d) Willingness to devote adequate time to discharge duties 
as a Board member and other directorships and significant 
commitments;
(e) In case of independent non-executive Directors, whether the 
candidates would be considered independent in accordance 
with the Listing Rules;
(f) In case of re-election, the overall contribution and service to 
the Company of the Director to be reelected and the level of 
participation and performance on the Board and the other 
criteria set out in this section; and
(g) Such other perspectives appropriate to the Company’s business.
These factors are for reference only, and not meant to be exhaustive 
and decisive. The Nomination Committee has the discretion to 
nominate any person, as it considers appropriate.
Nomination Procedures
(a) The Nomination Committee and/or the Board identifies potential 
candidates including but not limited to internal promotion, re- 
designation, referral by other member of the management and 
external recruitment agencies and/or advisors. The Nomination 
Committee then develops a short list of candidates and agrees 
on proposed candidate(s);
(b) Proposed candidate(s) will be asked to submit the necessary 
personal information, biographical details, together with their 
written consent to be appointed as a director. The Nomination 
Committee may request candidates to provide additional 
information and documents, if considered necessary;
(c) The Nomination Committee shall, upon receipt of the proposal 
on appointment of new director and the personal information 
(or relevant details) of the proposed candidate(s), evaluate such 
candidate(s) based on the criteria as set out above to determine 
whether such candidate(s) is qualified for directorship;
(d) For any person that is nominated by a shareholder for election 
as a Director at the general meeting of the Company, the 
Nomination Committee shall evaluate such candidate based 
on the criteria as set out above to determine whether such 
candidate is qualified for directorship;


--- Page 34 ---

32 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Corporate Governance Report
企業管治報告
(e) 倘過程中出現一名或以上屬意候選人，提
名委員會須根據本公司需要及對各候選人
之背景調查（如適用）按優先次序訂立排名；
(f) 提名委員會秘書須召開提名委員會會議。
為填補臨時空缺，提名委員會須提出建議
供董事會考慮及審批。就提名候選人於股
東大會重選連任或參選而言，提名委員會
須作出提名或建議供董事會考慮，而董事
會須就建議董事於股東大會重選連任或參
選向股東提出建議；
(g) 為提供獲董事會提名在股東大會參選或重
選連任之候選人之資料，將向股東寄發一
份通函。通函將載列建議候選人姓名、簡
歷（包括資格及相關經驗）、獨立性、建議
薪酬及上市規則等適用法律、規則及規例
所規定之任何其他資料；及
(h) 對於與候選人在任何股東大會參選或重選
連任之建議有關之一切事宜，董事會擁有
最終決定權。
監督及檢討
提名委員會將負責監督提名政策之落實情況，並
於有需要時向董事會匯報。另外，提名委員會將
檢討提名政策（如適當），以確保提名政策行之有
效，並會討論任何可能需要之修訂，同時向董事
會建議任何有關修訂，供其考慮及審批。
提名委員會於截至二零二五年十二月三十一日止
年度曾舉行一次會議，以檢討董事會之架構、規
模及組成；考慮委任及重選董事及就此向董事會
作出推薦建議；及審閱獨立非執行董事按年提交
之獨立身分確認書。
(e) If the process yields one or more desirable candidates, the 
Nomination Committee shall rank them by order of preference 
based on the needs of the Company and reference check of 
each candidate (where applicable);
(f) The secretary of the Nomination Committee shall convene 
a meeting of the Nomination Committee. For filling a 
casual vacancy, the Nomination Committee shall make 
recommendations for the Board’s consideration and approval. 
For proposing candidates to stand for re-election or election 
at a general meeting, the Nomination Committee shall make 
nominations or recommendations for the Board’s consideration 
and the Board shall make recommendations to shareholders in 
respect of the proposed re-election or election of Director(s) at 
the general meeting;
(g) In order to provide information of the candidates nominated 
by the Board to stand for election or re-election at a general 
meeting, a circular will be sent to shareholders. The circular will 
set out the names, brief biographies (including qualifications and 
relevant experience), independence, proposed remuneration 
and any other information, as required pursuant to the 
applicable laws, rules and regulations including the Listing Rules, 
of the proposed candidates; and
(h) The Board shall have the final decision on all matters relating to 
its recommendation of candidates to stand for election or re- 
election at any general meeting.
Monitor and Review
The Nomination Committee will monitor the implementation of the 
Nomination Policy and report to the Board when necessary. Also, 
the Nomination Committee will review the Nomination Policy, as 
appropriate, to ensure the effectiveness of the Nomination Policy and 
will discuss any revisions that may be required, and recommend any 
such revisions to the Board for consideration and approval.
The Nomination Committee held one meeting during the year ended 
31 December 2025 to review the structure, size and composition of the 
Board; to consider and recommend to the Board the appointment and 
re-election of the Directors; and to review the annual confirmation of 
independence submitted by the independent non-executive Directors.
Meetings 
Attended/Eligible 
to Attend
Members
成員
曾出席╱合資格
出席會議
Wu Kebo (Chairman) 伍克波（主席） 1/1
Leung Man Kit 梁民傑 1/1
Wong Sze Wing 黃斯穎 1/1


--- Page 35 ---

33
Corporate Governance Report
企業管治報告
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
核數師酬金
截 至 二 零 二 五 年 十 二 月 三 十 一 日 止 年 度， 已
付╱應付本集團核數師畢馬威會計師事務所之費
用載列如下：
非審核服務主要包括中期財務報告審閱、稅務服
務，以及與交易通函有關的服務。
對財務報表之責任
董事瞭解彼等之責任為於本公司財務部門支援
下，編製每個財政年度之財務報表，確保遵照有
關會計政策及香港會計師公會頒佈之會計準則編
製有關財務報表，並真實公平呈報本公司之財務
狀況。
本公司核數師就其對本集團財務報表之審核責任
發出之聲明，載於本年報第 92 至 96 頁之獨立核
數師報告書內。
持續經營基準
董事確認，據彼等經作出一切合理查詢後所深
知、全悉及確信，彼等並不知悉有任何可能對本
公司持續經營能力構成重大疑問之任何重大不明
朗事項或情況。
風險管理及內部監控
董事會深明其維持穩健兼有效之風險管理及內部
監控制度之責任，旨在 (i) 保障本集團資產不會在
未 經 授 權 下 遭 使 用 或 處 置；(ii) 妥 善 保 存 會 計 記
錄；及 (iii) 確保遵從有關法例及規例。本集團風險
管理及內部監控制度包括完善之組織架構及周全
政策與準則，有關制度乃為管理而非消除有關未
能達致若干業務目標之風險而設，僅可合理而非
絕對保證避免出現重大錯誤陳述或損失之情況。
AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION
For the year ended 31 December 2025, the fees paid/payable to the 
Group’s auditors, Messrs. KPMG, are set out as follows:
Services Rendered Fee Paid/Payable
所提供服務 已付╱應付費用
HK$’000
千港元
Audit and audit-related services 審核及審核相關服務 2,388
Non-audit services 非審核服務 971
Non-audit services mainly included the review of interim financial 
report, tax services and services in connection with a transaction 
circular.
RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS
The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities to prepare the 
financial statements for each financial year with support from the 
finance department of the Company and to ensure that the relevant 
accounting policies are observed and the accounting standards 
issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants are 
complied with in the preparation of such financial statements and to 
report the financial affairs of the Company in a true and fair manner.
The statement by the auditors of the Company regarding their 
responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements of the Group is 
set out in the Independent Auditors’ Report on pages 92 to 96 of this 
annual report.
GOING CONCERN
The Directors confirm that, to the best of their knowledge, information 
and belief, having made all reasonable enquiries, they are not aware 
of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may 
cast significant doubt upon the Company’s ability to continue as a 
going concern.
RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
The Board acknowledges its responsibilities for maintaining a sound 
and effective risk management and internal control systems with the 
aim at (i) safeguarding the Group’s assets against unauthorised use 
or disposition; (ii) maintaining proper accounting records; and (iii) 
ensuring compliance with relevant legislation and regulations. The risk 
management and internal control systems of the Group comprises a 
well-established organisation structure and comprehensive policies 
and standards. Such systems are designed to manage, rather than 
eliminate, the risk associated in failing to achieve certain business 
objectives, and can only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance 
against material misstatement or loss.


--- Page 36 ---

34 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Corporate Governance Report
企業管治報告
於本年度，本公司對風險管理進行檢討及評估，
並委聘一家獨立內部監控諮詢公司對本集團的內
部監控系統（包括財務、營運、合規及風險管理
等範疇）進行全面評估，旨在（除其他事項外）改
善本集團的企業管治，並確保符合適用法律及法
規。根據其內部監控審查結果，該獨立內部監控
諮詢公司向本集團建議了若干內部監控改進措
施，本集團已採納該等措施。
檢討本集團風險管理及內部監控制度涵蓋所有重
大監控方面，包括財務、營運及合規監控以及不
同制度之風險管理職能。本集團風險管理程序包
括以下元素：
• 識別本集團營商環境之重大風險，並評估
該等風險對本集團業務之影響；
• 制定所需措施以管理該等風險；及
• 監察及檢討有關措施之成效。
董事會於截至二零二五年十二月三十一日止年度
已透過審核委員會確定彼等已檢討本集團風險管
理及內部監控制度之成效，而當中發現已向董事
會匯報。董事會認為本集團風險管理及內部監控
制度於本年度一直為有效及充分。
就披露內幕消息而言，董事會已就處理及發佈內
幕消息實行程序及內部監控措施，以便就決定應
否作出公佈從速識別及升級處理潛在內幕消息，
確保遵守上市規則項下之持續責任並根據證券及
期貨條例之法定責任披露資料。
審核委員會或董事會概不知悉內部監控有任何可
能影響本公司股東之重大不足之處。董事認為，
本公司一直遵守上市規則附錄 C1 內企業管治守則
項下有關風險管理及內部監控之第 D.2 條守則條
文規定。
反貪污政策及舉報政策
本集團已制訂 (i) 有關提倡及支持反貪污法例及規
例的政策及措施；及 (ii) 為僱員、供應商及業務夥
伴而設的舉報政策及措施，讓彼等可以保密及匿
名方式，向董事會提出有關本集團任何事務可能
存在不當行為的疑慮。
During the Year, the Company conducted a review and assessment of 
risk management and has engaged an independent internal control 
consulting firm to perform an overall assessment on the Group’s 
internal control system including the areas of financial, operation, 
compliance and risk management with the aims of, among other 
matters, improving the Group’s corporate governance and ensuring 
compliance with the applicable laws and regulations. Based on its 
internal control review, the independent internal control consulting 
firm recommended certain internal control improvement measures to 
the Group and the Group has adopted them.
Review of the Group’s risk management and internal control systems 
covers all material controls, including financial, operational and 
compliance controls and risk management functions of different 
systems. The Group’s risk management procedures include the 
following elements:
•	 Identify	 significant 	risks	in	 the	Group’s	operation 	environment 	
and evaluate the impacts of those risks on the Group’s business;
•	 Develop	necessary	measures	to	manage	those	risks;	and
•	 Monitor	and	review	the	effectiveness	of	such	measures.
The Board, through the Audit Committee, confirmed that they had 
conducted reviews of the effectiveness of the risk management and 
internal control systems of the Group for the year ended 31 December 
2025, where some findings have been identified and reported to the 
Board. The Board considers the risk management and internal control 
systems of the Group effective and adequate throughout the year.
Regarding the disclosure of inside information, the Board had 
implemented procedures and internal controls for handling and 
dissemination of inside information so that potential inside information 
can be promptly identified and escalated up for deciding whether an 
announcement should be made in order to ensure compliance with 
the continuous obligations under the Listing Rules and the statutory 
obligation to disclose information under the SFO.
No material internal control deficiency that may affect the shareholders 
of the Company has come to the attention of the Audit Committee 
or the Board. The Directors are of the opinion that the Company has 
complied with code provisions under D.2 on risk management and 
internal control as set out in the CG Code contained in Appendix C1 to 
the Listing Rules.
ANTI-CORRUPTION POLICY AND 
WHISTLEBLOWING POLICY
The Group has established (i) policy and measures that promote and 
support anti-corruption laws and regulations; and (ii) whistleblowing 
policy and measures for employees, suppliers and business partners 
to raise concerns, in confidence and anonymity, with the Board about 
possible improprieties in any matter related to the Group.


--- Page 37 ---

35
Corporate Governance Report
企業管治報告
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
股息政策
本公司已採納股息政策（「股息政策」）。根據股
息政策，本公司可考慮向股東提供中期或年度股
息，並不時宣派特別股息。本公司擬於考慮（其
中包括）以下因素後建議派發╱宣派股息：
a. 本集團之實際及預期財務表現；
b. 本公司及本集團各成員公司之保留溢利及
可分派儲備；
c. 本集團之債務權益比率及相關財務契據；
d. 本集團之貸款方就派付股息可能施加之任
何限制；
e. 本集團之預期現金流需求及未來擴張計劃；
f. 本集團之經濟狀況、本集團業務之商業週
期以及可能影響本集團業務或財務表現及
狀況之其他內部及外部因素；及
g. 董事會視為適當之任何其他因素。
建議派付股息視乎董事會之絕對酌情權而定，而
宣派任何年度之年度股息須待股東批准後方可作
實。
派付股息亦須受遵守適用法律及法規，包括百慕
達法例及本公司之公司細則。董事會將不時於適
當時間審閱股息政策。
股東權利
持有本公司繳足股本不少於十分之一之股東，可
向本公司主要營業地點遞交召開股東特別大會
（「股東特別大會」）以處理當中指明之任何業務交
易之書面請求（當中指明會議目的，並由有關股
東簽署），抬頭註明董事會或公司秘書收。倘若
董事在該請求（經核證為有效後）呈交日期起計 21
日內，未有安排召開股東特別大會，有關股東或
佔全體有關股東一半以上總表決權之任何股東，
可自行召開股東特別大會，但如此召開之股東特
別大會不得在呈交請求日期起計三個月屆滿後舉
行。
DIVIDEND POLICY
The Company has adopted a dividend policy (the “Dividend Policy”). 
Under the Dividend Policy, the Company may consider providing 
Shareholders with interim or annual dividends, and declaring special 
dividends from time to time. The Company intends to propose/declare 
dividends after taking into consideration of, inter alia, the following 
factors:
a. the Group’s actual and expected financial performance;
b. retained earnings and distributable reserves of the Company and 
each of the members of the Group;
c. the level of the Group’s debts to equity ratio and the relevant 
financial covenants;
d. any restrictions on payment of dividends that may be imposed 
by the Group’s lenders;
e. the Group’s expected cash flow requirements and future 
expansion plans;
f. economic conditions of the Group, business cycle of the Group’s 
business and other internal and external factors that may have 
an impact on the business or financial performance and position 
of the Group; and
g. any other factors that the Board deems appropriate.
The recommendation of the payment of dividend is subject 
to the absolute discretion of the Board, and any declaration of 
annual dividend for the year will be subject to the approval of the 
Shareholders.
The payment of dividend is also subject to compliance with applicable 
laws and regulations including the law of Bermuda and the Company’s 
Bye-laws. The Board will review the Dividend Policy as appropriate from 
time to time.
SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
Shareholders holding not less than one-tenth of the paid-up capital 
of the Company can deposit a written request (stating the objects of 
the meeting and signed by the shareholders concerned) to convene 
an extraordinary general meeting (“EGM”) for the transaction of 
any business specified in the written request at the principal place 
of business of the Company for the attention of the Board or the 
Company Secretary. If the Directors do not within 21 days from the 
date of the deposit of the request (after being verified to be valid) 
proceed to convene an EGM, the shareholders concerned, or any of 
them representing more than one-half of the total voting rights of all of 
them, may by themselves convene an EGM, but any EGM so convened 
shall not be held after the expiration of three months from the date of 
the deposit of the request.


--- Page 38 ---

36 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Corporate Governance Report
企業管治報告
於提交要求當日持有不少於本公司總表決權二十
分之一或人數不少於 100 名之股東，可以書面形
式要求本公司 (a) 向本公司股東發出任何可能於本
公司下屆股東週年大會正式提呈及計劃取消之決
議案之通知；及 (b) 向股東傳閱不多於 1,000 字之
陳述，說明任何已提呈之決議案或將於任何股東
大會商討之事宜。如股東要求發出決議案通告，
該通告必須於股東週年大會舉行日期不少於 6 星
期前，提交至本公司主要營業地點。如屬任何其
他要求，則有關書面要求必須於股東大會舉行日
期不少於1星期前，提交至本公司主要營業地點。
如符合資格出席本公司股東大會並於會上表決之
本公司股東擬於任何股東大會推選董事以外之人
士為董事，有關股東須將以下文件呈交本公司主
要營業地點，抬頭註明公司秘書收：(i) 擬於股東
大會推選有關人士為董事之書面意向通知；及 (ii)
該名人士表明有意接受推選之書面通知，連同所
需資料，呈交文件之期限應不早於寄發股東大會
通告後七日開始，並不得遲於該股東大會舉行日
期前七日結束。
有關本公司股東建議推選人士出任董事之詳細程
序，載於本公司網站。
本公司股東如對本身所持股權有任何疑問，應向
本公司之股份過戶登記處香港分處卓佳證券登記
有限公司查詢，地址為香港夏慤道 16 號遠東金融
中心 17 樓。
本公司股東可將彼等之其他查詢寄交董事會，
並 註 明 收 件 人 為 公 司 秘 書 或 本 公 司 企 業 傳 訊
部（本 公 司 主 要 營 業 地 址 為 香 港 銅 鑼 灣 勿 地 臣
街 1 號 時 代 廣 場 1 座 33 樓 3309 室 ）， 或 電 郵 至
ir@goldenharvest.com 。
Shareholders, representing not less than one-twentieth of the total 
voting rights of the Company or not less than 100 shareholders as 
at the date of deposit of the requisition, can by written requisition 
request the Company to (a) give to the shareholders of the Company 
notice of any resolution which may properly be moved and is intended 
to be removed at the next annual general meeting of the Company; 
and (b) circulate to the shareholders a statement of not more than 
1,000 words with respect to the matters referred to in any proposed 
resolution or the business to be dealt with at any general meeting. If 
the requisition requires a notice of a resolution, it must be deposited at 
the principal place of business of the Company not less than 6 weeks 
before the date of the annual general meeting. In the case of any other 
requisition, the written requisition must be deposited at the principal 
place of business of the Company not less than 1 week before the date 
of the general meeting.
If a shareholder of the Company, who is duly qualified to attend and 
vote at the general meetings of the Company, intends to propose a 
person other than a Director for election as a Director at any general 
meeting, the shareholder concerned shall lodge with the principal 
place of business of the Company for the attention of the Company 
Secretary (i) a written notice of his/her intention to propose that person 
for election as a Director at the general meeting; and (ii) a notice in 
writing by that person of his/her willingness to be elected together 
with the necessary information within the period commencing no 
earlier than seven days after the dispatch of the notice of the general 
meeting and ending no later than seven days prior to the date of such 
general meeting.
Detailed procedures for shareholders of the Company to propose 
a person for election as a Director are available on the Company’s 
website.
The shareholders of the Company should send their questions about 
their shareholdings to the Company’s Hong Kong branch share 
registrar, Tricor Investor Services Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance 
Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong.
The shareholders of the Company may send their other enquiries to 
the Board by addressing them to the Company Secretary or Company’s 
Corporate Communication Department at the principal place of 
business of the Company situated at Suite 3309, 33/F, Tower 1, Times 
Square, 1 Matheson Street, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong or via email 
address: ir@goldenharvest.com.


--- Page 39 ---

37
Corporate Governance Report
企業管治報告
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
與股東溝通
本公司已採納一套可及時向本公司股東清晰披露
有關資料之政策。本公司之股東大會為本公司股
東與董事提供溝通平台。董事及外聘核數師將出
席股東週年大會。董事將於會上解答股東有關本
集團業績之提問。
股東大會之議程由董事會不時檢討，以確保本公
司奉行最佳之企業管治常規。股東大會通告連同
載有各項提呈之決議案（包括根據企業管治守則
規定要求進行投票表決之程序）、投票程序及其
他相關資料詳情之通函，於股東大會指定舉行日
期前，按上市規則及本公司之公司細則規定之充
足通知期限，派送予本公司全體股東。於股東大
會開始時，大會主席會向本公司股東解釋就於有
需要時要求及進行投票表決之程序，而所有票數
均會由本公司委任之監票員適當點算及記錄在
案。股東大會之投票結果於股東大會同日在本公
司網站及聯交所網站公佈。
本公司網站（http://www.osgh.com.hk ）亦載有「投
資者關係」一節，以便本公司股東能適時存取本
公司之新聞稿、財務報告、公佈及通函。
規章文件
截至二零二五年十二月三十一日止年度，董事會
獲得本公司股東批准 (i) 本公司現有公司細則（「現
有公司細則」）之若干修訂，並且 (ii) 採納一套綜合
該等建議修訂之經修訂及經重列之本公司之公司
細則（「新公司細則」）。董事會建議修訂現有公司
細則，目的是（其中包括）(i) 鑒於上市規則有關庫
存股份的相關修訂自二零二四年六月十一日起生
效，為本公司持有庫存股份提供靈活性；(ii) 使現
有公司細則與上市規則有關擴大無紙化上市機制
及上市發行人以電子方式發布公司通訊的相關修
訂保持一致；及 (iii) 作出其他相應及內務修訂。建
議修訂現有公司細則以及建議採納新公司細則待
股東於二零二五年六月二十六日舉行之股東周年
大會上以特別決議案之方式批准後，方可作實，
並已在股東於股東周年大會上批准後生效。
本公司組織章程大綱及公司細則現載於本公司網
站（http://www.osgh.com.hk ）及聯交所網站。
COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS
The Company has adopted a policy of disclosing clear and relevant 
information to the shareholders of the Company in a timely 
manner. The general meetings of the Company provide a forum 
for communication between shareholders of the Company and the 
Directors. The Directors and the external auditor will attend the annual 
general meetings. The Directors will answer questions raised by the 
shareholders on the performance of the Group.
Review of the general meeting proceedings is carried out by the Board 
from time to time so as to ensure that the Company has followed the 
best corporate governance practices. Notice of the general meeting 
together with the circular setting out details of each of the proposed 
resolutions (including procedures for demanding a poll where required 
under the CG Code), voting procedures and other relevant information 
are delivered to all the shareholders of the Company with sufficient 
notice as required under the Listing Rules and the Bye-laws of the 
Company before the date appointed for the general meeting. At the 
commencement of the general meeting, procedures for demanding 
(where required) and conducting a poll are explained by the chairman 
of the meeting to the shareholders of the Company and the votes cast 
are properly counted and recorded by the scrutineer appointed by 
the Company. Poll results of the general meeting are posted on the 
websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange on the day of the 
general meeting.
The Company’s website (http://www.osgh.com.hk) also contains an 
“Investor Relations” section which enables the Company’s shareholders 
to have timely access to the Company’s press release, financial reports, 
announcements and circulars.
CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Board obtained 
the approval of the shareholders of the Company for (i) certain 
amendments to the existing bye-laws of the Company (the “Existing 
Bye-laws”) and (ii) the adoption of an amended and restated bye-laws 
of the Company (the “New Bye-laws”) consolidating the proposed 
amendments to be made. The Board proposed to amend the 
Existing Bye-laws for the purpose of, among others, (i) providing the 
Company with flexibility to hold treasury shares in view of the relevant 
amendments made to the Listing Rules relating to treasury shares 
which took effect from 11 June 2024; (ii) bringing the Existing Bye-
laws in line with the relevant amendments made to the Listing Rules 
in relation to the expanded paperless listing regime and the electronic 
dissemination of corporate communications by listed issuers; and (iii) 
making other consequential and housekeeping amendments. The 
proposed amendments to the Existing Bye-laws and the proposed 
adoption of the New Bye-laws were subject to the approval of the 
Shareholders by way of a special resolution at the AGM held on 26 June 
2025, and became effective upon the approval by the Shareholders at 
the AGM.
The Company’s memorandum of association and the Bye-laws are 
available on the Company’s website (http://www.osgh.com.hk ) and 
the Stock Exchange’s website.


--- Page 40 ---

38 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境 、 社會及管治報告
• Oversee the Group’s overall 
sustainable development and 
ESG performances
 ࢝
ʿESGࣖ
Responsible for evaluating, 
prioritising, and managing 
material ESG-related issues
 ɽ
ESGᙄᕚ
• Identify and manage 
ESG-related risks and 
externalities
 ᗆйʿ၍ଣESGᎈʿ
׌
The Board
໨ԫึ
• Monitor ESG performances
 ္࿀ESGࣖ
Incorporate relevant risk 
management in the process 
of strategies and plans 
formulation
ഄଫ
ʘʕ
• Engage all operational 
departments to implement 
related practices
޴
ᗫ੬஝
• Report information on sustainability 
risks and performance to the Board 
annually
ࠬ࢝
ࣘ
Facilitate the Board to review the 
eﬀectiveness of its risk management, 
internal control system, ESG policies 
and practices
ᎈ၍ଣeʫ௅
eESGࣖ
Make recommendations on 
ESG-related goals and targets
ఱ ESGᙄ
Senior
Management
৷ॴ၍ଣᄴ
Operational
Departments
ژ
BOARD STATEMENT
To improve the sustainability performance of Orange Sky Golden 
Harvest Entertainment (Holdings) Ltd. (referred to as “the Group”, 
or “We”), the Board of Directors (referred to as “the Board”) takes 
responsibility for overseeing relevant environmental, social, and 
governance (ESG) aspects within existing business strategies. In 
addition to ensuring compliance with local laws and regulations in 
the regions where the Group operates, the stakeholders’ interests are 
our priority when formulating corporate strategies. This approach 
addresses stakeholders’ expectations regarding ESG aspects and 
endeavors to minimise operational risks to the best of the Group’s 
abilities.
As a responsible entertainment provider, the Group’s dedication 
lies in generating lasting value for our stakeholders and leading our 
industry towards sustainability. We approach this by comprehensively 
embracing ESG factors in our planning, implementing impactful 
measures, and regularly assessing our business operations. We aim to 
consistently enhance our ESG performance, positively contributing to 
the environment and society.
A robust corporate governance framework provides the basis for 
promoting the sustainable growth and ESG performance of the Group. 
As the highest decision-making and management body, the Board 
holds ultimate responsibility for overseeing the Group’s significant 
ESG aspects, including ESG strategies, objectives, policies, initiatives, 
performance, and risks. Working closely with Senior Management and 
operational departments, the Board conducts regular reviews of ESG 
matters, aiming to identify opportunities for enhancing the governance 
structure and setting ESG goals and targets that align with the Group’s 
business objectives.
董事會聲明
為改善橙天嘉禾娛樂（集團）有限公司（下稱「本
集團」或「我們」）的可持續表現，董事會（下稱「董
事會」）負責監察現有業務策略的相關環境、社會
及管治 (ESG) 範疇。除確保遵守本集團營運所在地
區當地法律及法規外，於制訂企業策略時優先考
慮持份者權益。此方針應對持份者對於 ESG 範疇
的期望，盡本集團最大能力將營運風險減至最低。
作為負責任的娛樂供應商，本集團致力為持份者
締造持續價值及引領行業步向可持續發展。我們
於規劃之中全面考慮 ESG 因素、實行具影響力的
措施及定期評估業務營運。我們的目標為持續提
升 ESG 表現，對環境及社會作出積極貢獻。
強大的企業管治框架乃本集團可持續增長及 ESG
表現的基石。作為最高層決策及管理機構，董事
會對監察本集團重大 ESG 範疇（包括 ESG 策略、目
標、政策、措施、表現及風險）負有最終責任。
董事會與高級管理層及營運部門緊密合作，定期
審視 ESG 事宜，從而識別機會以優化管治架構及
訂立與本集團業務目標一致的 ESG 目標。


--- Page 41 ---

39
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境 、 社會及管治報告
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
社會各界（包括客戶、投資者及業務夥伴）日漸
注重企業社會責任。可持續發展成為重大社會關
注議題。於本集團內，誠信被視為內部監控的重
要部分。為緩解貪污風險，本集團已鞏固相關政
策及提供指引，尤其針對與客戶及供應商等外部
人士接洽的僱員。作為負責任的公司，本集團內
部及在整個供應鏈一直以社會責任表現為先。本
集團於提供優質服務的同時，亦致力為可持續社
區發展作出貢獻。於整個年度，本集團有效實行
現有環境及社會政策及措施（包括能源效益策略）
以履行環境及社會責任。本集團旨在提升資源效
率、為僱員提供安全工作環境、優化內部管治及
加強社區投資。
自二零二零年起，全球經濟因 COVID-19 疫情而面
臨前所未有的挑戰，明顯影響電影及影院行業。
香港電影業受到疫情後消費模式改變的嚴重影
響。人們更傾向於香港以外地區消費而不在本地
消費，導致本地消費下降。因此，在這個充滿挑
戰的環境下，本集團的香港電影及娛樂業務受到
收入下降的不利影響。然而，本集團明白業務增
長與可持續社會不可分割。我們仍然致力追求業
務前景及實行多元化的營運策略。本集團將與客
戶維持緊密溝通，達成不可或缺的環境及企業社
會責任目標。我們積極應對面前的挑戰。
本集團已制訂內部數據收集及審閱程序，確保本
報告呈列的所有數據及資料盡可能準確可靠。本
報告已經董事會（「董事會」）於二零二六年三月確
認及批准。
Corporate social responsibility has gained increased attention 
from various sectors of society, including consumers, investors, 
and business partners. Sustainable development has emerged as 
a significant societal concern. Within the Group, integrity is seen 
as a vital component of internal control. To mitigate corruption 
risks, the Group has strengthened relevant policies and provided 
guidelines, especially for employees interacting with external entities 
like customers and suppliers. As a responsible company, the Group 
consistently prioritises its social responsibility performance internally 
and throughout its supply chain. While delivering high-quality services, 
the Group also strives to contribute to sustainable community 
development. Throughout the year, the Group effectively implements 
existing environmental and social policies and measures, including 
energy efficiency strategies, to fulfill its environmental and societal 
responsibilities. The Group aims to enhance resource efficiency, 
maintain a safe working environment for employees, optimise internal 
governance, and increase investments in the community.
Since 2020, the global economy has faced unparalleled challenges 
due to the COVID-19 pandemic, significantly impacting industries like 
film and cinema. The Hong Kong cinema industry has been severely 
affected with changing consumption patterns post-pandemic. People 
prefer to spend on consumption outside Hong Kong rather than 
domestically, leading to a decline in local consumption. Consequently, 
the Hong Kong Movies & Entertainment business of the Group has 
been adversely affected by the decrease in revenue in this challenging 
environment. However, the Group understands the inseparable 
relationship between the business growth and sustainable society. We 
remain committed to pursuing business prospects and implementing 
diverse operational strategies. The Group will maintain close 
communication with customers to achieve our essential environmental 
and corporate social responsibility goals. We are positive to the 
challenges ahead.
An internal data collection and review process has been established 
to ensure that all data and information presented in this Report are as 
accurate and reliable as possible. The Report had been confirmed and 
approved by the Board of Directors (the “Board”) in March 2026.


--- Page 42 ---

40 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境 、 社會及管治報告
報告期自二零二五年一月一日起至二零二五年
十二月三十一日（下稱「報告期」）。本報告每年與
本集團年報一併刊發。
The reporting period is from 1 January 2025 to 31 December 2025 
(hereafter referred to as the “Reporting Period”). The report is published 
yearly together with the Group’s annual report.
In Singapore อ̋ս
GV Bedok
GV Funan
GV Downtown East GV Paya Lebar GV VivoCity GV Bishan
GV Plaza Singapura GV Yishan GV Bugis+ GV Grand
GV Suntec City GV Cineleisure GV Jurong Point GV Tampines
GV Katong GV Tiong Bahru
GV City Square
關於本報告
報告緒言
本報告呈列橙天嘉禾娛樂（集團）有限公司及其
附屬公司（統稱「本集團」）（股份代號：1132）於
二零二五年的環境、社會及管治（「ESG」）表現。
本報告備有中英文版本，倘中英文本存在任何
歧 義，概 以 英 文 版 本 為 準。本 報 告 登 載 於 香 港
交 易 及 結 算 所 有 限 公 司（「 香 港 交 易 所 」）網 站
(www.hkexnews.hk )及本公司網站(www.osgh.com.hk )。
報告範圍
本報告涵蓋本集團香港的影片放映、影片發行及
製作營運（一個公司辦公室）及本集團主要營運實
體新加坡的影片放映、影片發行及製作營運（17
家多廳影城及一個公司辦公室）的 ESG 活動，其涵
蓋貢獻本集團收益主要部分的主要營運地點的設
施。由於在香港的影院營運終止，本報告及未來
將不會提供任何披露。
以下為本集團多廳影城列表：
ABOUT THIS REPORT
Introduction to the report
This Report presented the Environmental, Social and Governance 
(“ESG”) performance of Orange Sky Golden Harvest Entertainment 
(Holdings) Limited and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”) 
(Stock code: 1132) in 2025. The Report is published in English as well 
as Chinese. In case of any discrepancy between the two versions, the 
English version shall prevail. This Report is available on the websites 
of the Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited (the “HKEx”) 
(www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company (www.osgh.com.hk).
The scope of the report
This Report covered the ESG activities of the Group’s film exhibition 
and film distribution and production operations in Hong Kong (a 
corporate office) and Singapore (17 multiplex cinemas and a corporate 
office), the main operating entity of the Group. These covered 
facilities represented the main operation sites that contributed a 
major proportion of revenues to the Group. Due to the termination of 
cinemas operation in Hong Kong, no disclosure will be available in this 
report and in the future.
Below are the lists of the Group’s multiplex cinemas:


--- Page 43 ---

41
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境 、 社會及管治報告
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
報告準則
本報告遵循香港聯合交易所有限公司證券上市規
則附錄 C2《環境、社會及管治（「ESG」）報告守則》
（「守則」）編製。於報告期間，我們針對氣候相關
風險進行了定量財務影響評估，並釐定氣候相關
風險與機遇對本集團而言在財務上並不具重大
影響。此結論反映了娛樂產業的輕資產模式，其
營收主要來自知識產權及發行，而非實體營運或
高排放活動，因此氣候因素不太可能在短期（1–3
年）、中期（3–5 年）及長期（5–10 年）內影響現金流
量、融資管道或資本成本。因此，本集團未依 D
部分第 21–40 段提供詳細揭露。相反，我們將重
點放在本集團的氣候變化政策、面臨的主要氣候
風險、為應對並減輕其影響所採取的緩解措施，
以及定量財務影響評估的結果。本集團將持續監
測不斷演變的法規，並在重要性發生變化時提供
揭露；同時，為確保對持份者的透明度，將依據
「遵循或解釋」原則，將報告基本的第一類與第二
類排放量。
報告原則
本報告按照重要性、量化、平衡及一致性報告原
則編製。
I. 重要性
本報告披露的資料乃根據其對本集團業務
及持份者的重要性而審慎收集、評估及呈
列。報告範圍基於業務就收益貢獻及 ESG
影響而言的重要性界定。
II. 量化
在此披露的所有資料乃根據相關章節所示
的一系列標準化方式編排及計算，特別是
關鍵績效指標（「關鍵績效指標」）的統計資
料。
III. 平衡
為維持報告內容平衡，本報告公正披露與
本集團及持份者有關的可持續發展表現及
挑戰，向公眾提供的資料並無偏頗。
IV. 一致性
在編製方法方面，本報告的編製方式與過
往年度相同。業務分部及營運地區與去年
報告範圍一致。
Reporting Standards
This Report is prepared in accordance with the Environmental, Social 
and Governance (“ESG”) Reporting Code (the “Code”) under Appendix 
C2 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock 
Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. During the Reporting Period, we 
conducted a quantitative financial impact assessment of climate-
related risks, determining that climate-related risks and opportunities 
are not financially material to the Group. This conclusion reflects the 
entertainment industry’s asset-light model, where revenue primarily 
derives from intellectual property and distribution rather than physical 
operations or high-emission activities, making climate factors unlikely 
to affect cash flows, financing access, or capital costs over short (1-3 
years), medium (3-5 years) and long (5-10 years) terms. Accordingly, 
detailed disclosures under Paras 21-40 of Part D are not provided. 
Instead, we focus on our climate change policy, key climate risk faced, 
mitigation action to address and minimise their impact, and the 
results of our quantitative financial impact assessment. The Group 
will continue monitoring evolving regulations and provide disclose 
if materiality changes, while reporting basic Scope 1 and 2 emissions 
under the ‘comply or explain’ basis for stakeholder transparency.
Reporting principles
The preparation of this report follows the reporting principles for 
materiality, quantitative, balance and consistency.
I. Materiality
The disclosed information in the Report was carefully gathered, 
evaluated and presented based on its materiality to the Group’s 
business and its stakeholders. The reporting scope is defined 
based on the significance of operations in terms of revenue 
contribution and ESG impact.
II. Quantitative
All the disclosed information, statistics of key performance 
indicators (“KPIs”) in particular, were organised and calculated 
according to a series of standardised methodologies which are 
illustrated in the relevant sections.
III. Balance
In order to maintain the balance of reporting content, fair 
disclosure of sustainability performance and challenges related 
to the Group and stakeholders is provided with impartial 
information to the public.
IV. Consistency
The Report has been prepared in the same way in terms of 
methodology when compared to those in previous years. The 
business sectors and the operating regions are consistent with 
the reporting scope last year.


--- Page 44 ---

42 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境 、 社會及管治報告
持份者參與
有效溝通乃成功要素。本集團透過各種溝通方式
收集股東、客戶、僱員及供應商等不同持份者的
意見。我們保障我們的權益，從而規劃本集團長
遠方向及建立強大聯繫。
持份者溝通
為了解持份者對業務營運的觀點與關注，本集
團實行措施以識別重大持份者組別。該等組別
包括關注對業務可能造成重大影響的議題的
人士，或可能受業務營運高度影響的人士。此
外，本集團一直積極透過不同溝通渠道鼓勵持
份者參與。下表概述我們與主要持份者的持續
溝通方式：
STAKEHOLDER PARTICIPATION
Effective communication is vital for achieving success. The Group 
gathers input in various communication methods from stakeholders 
such as shareholders, customers, employees, and suppliers. We 
safeguard our rights and interests to shape the Group’s long-term 
trajectory and foster strong connections with it.
Communicate with the stakeholders
To grasp the perspectives and concerns of stakeholders regarding our 
business operations, the Group has implemented measures to identify 
significant stakeholder groups. These groups consist of individuals 
who are concerned about issues that may have a significant impact 
on our business or those who may be significantly impacted by our 
operating activities. In addition, the Group has been consistently and 
actively involving these stakeholders through various communication 
channels. The table below presents a summary of our continuous 
communication initiatives with key stakeholders:
Stakeholder groups Communication channels
持份者組別 溝通渠道
Investors and shareholders
投資者及股東
•	 Company	website
• 公司網站
•	 Company	announcements
• 公司公告
•	 Annual	general	meeting
• 股東週年大會
•	 Annual	and	interim	reports
• 年報及中期報告
•	 Investor	relations	hotlines
• 投資者關係熱線
Customers
客戶
•	 Company	website
• 公司網站
•	 Customer	direct	communication
• 客戶直接溝通
•	 Customer	service	hotlines
• 客戶服務熱線
•	 Social	media
• 社交媒體
Employees
僱員
•	 Training	and	orientation
• 培訓及入職培訓
•	 Emails	and	opinion	box
• 電郵及意見箱
•	 Regular	meetings
• 定期會議
•	 Employee	performance	evaluation
• 員工績效評估
•	 Employee	activities
• 員工活動


--- Page 45 ---

43
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境 、 社會及管治報告
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
Stakeholder groups Communication channels
持份者組別 溝通渠道
Suppliers and business partners
供應商及業務夥伴
•	 Selection	assessment
• 甄選評估
•	 Procurement	process
• 採購過程
•	 Performance	assessment
• 績效考核
•	 Regular	communication	with	business	partners	  
(e.g. emails, meetings, on-site visits etc.)
• 與業務夥伴定期溝通（例如電郵、會議、實地考察等）
Government authorities and  
 regulators
政府機關及監管機構
•	 Documented	information	submission
• 提交文件資料
•	 Compliance	inspections	and	checks
• 合規檢驗及檢查
•	 Forums,	conferences	and	workshops
• 論壇、會議及工作坊
Non-governmental organisations
非政府組織
•	 Emails
• 電郵
•	 Phones
• 電話
•	 Charity	donations
• 公益捐贈
Media
媒體
•	 Company	website
• 公司網站
•	 Company	announcements
• 公司公告
Communities
社區
•	 Company	website
• 公司網站
•	 Community	activities
• 社區活動


--- Page 46 ---

44 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境 、 社會及管治報告
重要性評估
由於報告範圍及關鍵持份者並無變動，預期於內
部評估後重要性評估結果不會大幅改變。本集
團將每年審視結果，檢視持份者溝通及進行重要
性評估的必要性。為識別對本集團而言屬重大的
ESG 議題，以制訂合適的 ESG 管治策略及釐定本
報告方向，本集團已於過往報告年度委聘獨立顧
問公司進行重要性評估。重要性議題識別過程如
下：
MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT
Due to no change of reporting scope and key stakeholders, it is 
expected that the materiality assessment result does not have a 
major change after internal assessment. The Group will review the 
result annually to check the necessary of conducting stakeholder 
engagement and materiality assessment. In order to identify the ESG 
issues that are material to the Group in formulating appropriate ESG 
strategies on ESG management and determining the direction of the 
Report, the Group has commissioned an independent consultancy firm 
to conduct a materiality assessment in previous reporting year. The 
process of identifying material issues is as follows:
Validation
᜕ᗇ
Materiality
analysis
ؓ
Issue
prioritisation
ᙄᕚરҏ
Issue
identiﬁcation
ᙄᕚᗆй
•	 A	total	of	19	ESG	topics	
relevant to our industry 
and market potential 
were identified based on 
HKEx’s ESG Guide.
• 根 據 香 港 交 易 所 ESG 指
引合共識別出 19 項與我
們所屬行業及市場潛力
相關的 ESG 議題。
•	 Issues	are	categorized	
in four main subject 
areas: Environmental 
protection, Employment 
and Labour Practices, 
Operating Practices, and 
Community
• 該等議題分為四個主要
範 疇，即 環 境 保 護、僱
傭及勞工常規、營運常
規及社區。
•	 Internal	and	external	
stakeholders were 
invited to respond to 
a questionnaire, rating 
the importance of 19 
issues to the Group’s 
business and themselves 
individually
• 邀請內部及外部持份者
對問卷進行回應，就 19
項議題對本集團業務及
自身的重要性進行評分。
•	 Following	the	
assessment of issues 
based on their 
importance, 7 material 
ESG issues were 
identified
• 根據重要性對議題進行
評 估 後， 已 識 別 7 項 重
大 ESG 議題。
•	 The	results	of	materiality	
assessment had been 
reviewed and confirmed 
by the Board and Senior 
Management
• 重要性評估結果已由董
事會及高級管理層審閱
及確認。
After evaluating the significance of each ESG (Environmental, Social, 
and Governance) topic based on stakeholder input, the topics were 
ranked and presented in the materiality matrix shown below. The 
topics positioned in the upper right quadrant of the matrix were 
identified as the ones that held the greatest importance for both 
the Group’s business operations and its stakeholders, as per their 
perspectives.
根據持份者意見評估各 ESG（環境、社會及管治）
議題重要性後，議題於以下重要性矩陣中排序及
呈列。矩陣右上方的議題被識別為本集團及持份
者眼中對本集團業務營運及持份者最重要的議題。


--- Page 47 ---

45
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境 、 社會及管治報告
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
重要性矩陣Materiality Matrix
Importance to Stakeholders
׌ࠅࠠٙ٫
Importance to the Group’s Business
׌ࠅࠠٙ
Less important
༰Э
Important
ࠅࠠ
Most important
ࠅࠠ
Anti-corruption
ˀ஭Ϯ
Protection of
customer
information
and privacy
˒
ʿӷᒯ
Energy
ঐ๕
Product and service
responsibility
ਕப΂
Protection of 
intellectual 
property
rights 
ٝ
ᗆପᛆ
Employment
system
ܓ
Environment
ᐑྤ
Employment and Labour Practices
྇඿ʿ௶ʈ੬஝
Operating Practices
ᐄ༶੬஝
Community
ਜ
Greenhouse
gases and
air pollutants
ं᜗ʿ
يݑ
Climate change
ᜊʷ
Supply chain
management
ԶᏐᗡ၍ଣ
Water and eﬄuents
˥ʿϮ˥
Waste
ي
Impacts on the
environment and
natural resources
࿁ᐑྤʿ˂್
ᅂᚤ
Prevention of child
and forced labour
ԣ˟ഁʈʿ੶Փ௶ʈ
Green procurement
ၠЍમᒅ
Training and
development
࢝
Community investment
ਜҳ༟
Materials
ࣘي
Diversity, equal
opportunity and
anti-discrimination
e̻ഃዚึ
ൖ
Occupational
health and safety
ᔖุ਄ੰၾτΌ
The top five material ESG topics were plotted in the following table, 
details will be disclosed in the relevant sections of this report:
•	 Anti-corruption
•	 Protection	of	intellectual	property	rights
•	 Protection	of	customer	information	and	privacy
•	 Energy
•	 Product	and	service	responsibility
上表標示五大最重要 ESG 議題，詳情於本報告相
關章節中披露：
• 反貪污
• 保障知識產權
• 保障客戶資料及私隱
• 能源
• 產品及服務責任


--- Page 48 ---

46 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境 、 社會及管治報告
風險管理
考慮到行業特性，本集團確認對業務營運造成重
大影響的特定環境、社會及管治 (ESG) 風險。本集
團據此實行適當措施以緩解該等已識別風險相關
影響。
環境
業務持續成功取決於社會持續進步。可持續性
要求高度關注環保。為履行企業社會責任，本集
團積極融入環保原則於日常運作。透過遵行可持
續發展原則及考慮環境因素，我們旨在以對環境
負責任的方式營運，防止污染及盡量降低資源消
耗。我們透過實行綠色政策及鼓勵僱員及客戶參
與環保行動致力減少排放及提升資源效率。我們
為全體員工提供營運指引，提高彼等對日常業務
營運的環保意識。
於報告期間，本集團並無識別任何違反報告範圍
相關環境排放規例的情況。
RISK MANAGEMENT
Considering the unique characteristics of the industry, the Group 
recognises specific environmental, social, and governance (ESG) risks 
that significantly affect its business operations. In response, the Group 
implements appropriate measures to mitigate the impacts associated 
with these identified risks:
ESG-related Risks Issues Responses
相關 ESG 風險 議題 回應
Customer privacy 
 protection
Customer data held by companies has become a primary target 
for malicious hackers considering recent notable rise of personal 
information being compromised and exploited for criminal 
purposes. Safeguarding customer personal information has 
become a matter of utmost importance and concern.
Please refer to chapter: 
“Product Responsibility 
— Protection of data 
privacy and intellectual 
property rights”
保障客戶私隱 從近期個人資料被盜用作犯罪用途的個案飆升可見，公司持有
的客戶資料成為黑客的主要目標。保障客戶個人資料成為最
重要及最值得關注的議題。
請參閱「產品責任 — 保障
資 料 私 隱 及 知 識 產 權 」
章節。
Labour standard The expectations for a positive work environment are continuously 
rising in terms of social standards, including factors such as the 
advancement of human rights and labour rights. To promote 
the long-term viability of the Group, it has become imperative 
to establish a favorable working environment.
Please refer to chapter: 
“Labour Standard”
勞工標準 因應社會準則（包括人權及勞工權利提升等因素），對理想工作
環境的期望日漸提高。為促進本集團的長遠可持續性，建立
理想的工作環境尤其重要。
請參閱「僱傭及勞工常規」
章節。
ENVIRONMENT
The continued success of our business depends on the sustainable 
progress of our society. Sustainability requires a strong focus on 
environmental preservation. To fulfill our corporate social responsibility, 
the Group actively incorporates environmental protection principles 
into its everyday activities. By following sustainable principles and 
taking environmental factors into account, we aim to operate in 
an environmentally responsible manner, preventing pollution and 
minimizing resource consumption. We strive to decrease emissions 
and improve resource efficiency through the implementation of 
Green Policies and encourage employees and customers to adopt 
environmentally-friendly behaviors. We provide operational guidelines 
to all staff members to increase their awareness of environmental 
considerations in our day-to-day business operations.
During the Reporting Period, the Group has not identified any 
non-compliance on environmental emission against the relevant 
regulations of the reporting scope.


--- Page 49 ---

47
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境 、 社會及管治報告
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
排放物
I. 溫室氣體排放1
本集團致力盡可能減少業務營運產生的碳
足印及在各營運階段減少排放空氣污染物
及溫室氣體。
由於在香港終止影院營運，報告期間並無
使用車輛運輸，因此並無排放空氣污染物。
本集團溫室氣體排放主要來源識別為及源
自購買的電力（範圍二間接）。於報告期內，
溫室氣體排放總量為 5,019.05 噸二氧化碳當
量，排放密度為每平方米總樓面面積 0.079
噸二氧化碳當量。由於終止香港影院，故
此排放總量較去年（6,148.78 噸二氧化碳當
量）減 少 18.37%。範 圍 二 排 放 佔 排 放 總 量
100%。
Emission
I. GHG Emission 1
The Group is dedicated to minimising the carbon footprint 
resulting from its business operations and reducing the 
emissions of polluted air substances and greenhouse gases 
(GHGs) at every stage of its operations.
Due to the termination of cinemas operation in Hong Kong, 
there are no vehicle transportation used in the Reporting Period, 
thus no air emission emitted.
The major source of GHG emission of the Group has been 
identified and is generated from purchased electricity (Scope 
2 Indirect). Total GHG emissions during the Reporting Period 
were 5,019.05 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent (tCO 2e), 
representing emission intensity of 0.079 tCO 2e per gross 
floor area (“GFA”) in square meters. The total emission has an 
decrease of 18.37% compared to last year (6,148.78 tCO 2e), due 
to the termination of cinemas in Hong Kong. Scope 2 emission 
accounts for 100% of the total emissions.
Hong Kong Singapore
FY 2025 Total 
(% of total 
emission)
FY 2024 Total 
(% of total 
emission)
香港 新加坡
二零二五財年
總計（佔排放
總量百分比）
二零二四財年
總計（佔排放
總量百分比）
Direct GHG emissions — Scope 12 (tCO2e) 0 0 0 (0%) 0.14 (<1%)
直接溫室氣體排放 — 範圍 12（噸二氧化碳當量）
Indirect GHG emissions — Scope 23 (tCO2e) 57.11 4,961.94 5,019.05 (100%) 6,148.64 (>99%)
間接溫室氣體排放 — 範圍二 3（噸二氧化碳當量）
Total GHG emissions (tCO2e) 57.11 4,961.94 5,019.05 (100%) 6,148.78 (100%)
溫室氣體排放總量（噸二氧化碳當量）
Intensity4 (tCO2e/m2) 0.031 0.080 0.079 0.073
密度 4（噸二氧化碳當量╱平方米）
1 The calculations of Greenhouse Gases Emissions are based on the IPCC 
Sixth Assessment Report Global Warming Potentials.
2 The Group does not have data or control over the consumption and 
selection of refrigerants used in air conditioning, therefore emissions 
from refrigerants are not included in the GHG calculations.
3 Scope 2: Energy indirect GHG emissions are from the consumption 
of purchased electricity. The calculation is referenced to the emission 
intensity published by CLP Power Hong Kong Limited in 2024 for Hong 
Kong and Carbon Database Initiative (2025) for Singapore.
4 Intensity values are calculated by dividing emissions by the gross floor 
area (“GFA”) in square metres of premises in Hong Kong and Singapore. 
In FY2025, the total GFA in Hong Kong is 1,870 m 2 and 61,926 m 2 in 
Singapore.
1 溫室氣體排放根據 IPCC 第六次評估報告 — 全球暖化
潛勢而計算。
2 本集團並無有關空調製冷劑的消耗及選擇的數據，
亦無操作控制，因此溫室氣體的計算不包括製冷劑
的排放。
3 範圍二：能源間接溫室氣體排放是由使用購買的電
力所引致。就香港而言，乃參考中華電力有限公司
於二零二四年公佈的排放密度計算，就新加坡而言，
乃參考新加坡 Carbon Database Initiative (2025) 計算。
4 密度值以排放量除香港及新加坡物業之總樓面面積
（以平方米為單位）計算。於二零二五財年，香港及
新加坡之總樓面面積分別為 1,870 平方米及 61,926 平
方米。


--- Page 50 ---

48 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境 、 社會及管治報告
我們致力透過下列方式減少環境排放：We endeavor to reduce our environmental emissions using the 
following methods:
Environmental 
targets Directional statements Measures taken during the year
環境目標 方向陳述 年內採取措施
Emission reduction
減排
•	 Employ	energy-efficient	equipment	
to reduce greenhouse gas emission 
in the energy indirect category 
(scope 2) arising from purchased 
electricity;
• 使用節能設備，減少購買的電力導
致的能源間接類別（範圍二）溫室氣
體排放；
•	 Eliminate	unnecessary	travelling	and 	
enhance routing efficiency
• 取消不必要差旅及提升路線效率
•	 Use	of	LED	lighting;
• 使用 LED 照明；
•	 Use	of	energy-efficient	vehicles;
• 使用能源效益汽車；
•	 Adopt	electronic	delivery	of	movies	
to reduce reliance on vehicle 
transportation;
• 以電子方式傳輸電影，減少依賴汽車
運送；
•	 Perform	routine	inspections	and	
maintenance on vehicles owned by the 
Group regularly;
• 定期對本集團擁有的車輛進行例行檢
查及維修；
•	 Encourage	employees	to	use	public	
transportation or company vehicles for 
travel if needed;
• 鼓勵僱員於需要差旅時使用公共交通
工具或公司汽車；
•	 Minimise	unnecessary	trips	by	
optimising routing choices.
• 透過優化路線選擇盡量減少不必要路
程。


--- Page 51 ---

49
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境 、 社會及管治報告
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
II. Waste
The Group upholds Reduce, Recycle and Reuse principles to 
manage waste. In light of the expected increase in costs due 
to the municipal solid waste charging scheme, the Group has 
taken substantial measures to manage its waste and maximise 
recycling rates effectively. As per the responsibility of property 
management companies, individual tenant waste collection 
records were unavailable, making it difficult to quantify the 
amount of non-hazardous waste generated during the reporting 
period. However, the Group will continue to engage with waste 
contractors to explore alternative waste management methods 
and evaluate the quantity of waste produced by the Group.
Below shows our waste reduction targets and measures taken 
during the year:
Environmental 
targets Directional statements Measures taken during the year
環境目標 方向陳述 年內採取措施
Waste reduction
減少廢棄物
Adopt the 3Rs (Reduce, Reuse and Recycle) 
principles to reduce waste generated 
from operation
遵循3R（減少使用、重複使用及循環再用）
原則減少業務營運產生的廢棄物
•	 Improved	computerised	operations	
and file management to minimise 
paper use in operations;
• 改善電腦化營運及檔案管理以盡量減
少於業務營運過程中使用紙張；
•	 Maximised	the	use	of	papers	on	both	
sides;
• 盡量雙面使用紙張；
•	 Promote	recycling	practices	at	the	
workplace and in cinemas, such as 
encouraging customers to bring their 
own 3D glasses or reuse the provided 
ones.
• 於工作間及影院推廣回收行動，例如
鼓勵客戶自備 3D 眼鏡或重用所提供的
3D 眼鏡。
II. 廢棄物
本集團遵循減少使用、循環再用及重複使
用原則管理廢棄物。考慮到都市固體廢物
收費計劃將帶來額外成本，本集團已作出
巨大努力有效管理其廢棄物及盡量提高回
收率。由於物業管理公司負責日常廢棄物
收集，故並無個別租戶的廢棄物收集記錄；
因此，我們難以量化我們於報告期間產生
的無害廢棄物數量。然而，本集團將繼續
與廢物承辦商接洽，討論廢物的替代處理
方法，並檢討本集團產生的廢物量。
下表載列本年度減少廢棄物的目標及所採
取的措施：


--- Page 52 ---

50 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境 、 社會及管治報告
資源使用
本集團遵守營運所在地區適用法律及法規。我們
重視珍惜資源及制訂合適措施以節約能源及節
約用水。我們的目標為有效使用資源及防止不必
要浪費。本集團已引入多元可持續措施，鼓勵於
業務營運過程中負責任使用資源。為提升環保意
識，本集團鼓勵客戶及僱員選擇環保服務及產
品。該等選擇扮演重要角色，推動本集團業務及
服務在更可持續的路途上前行。
下表載列本集團主要資源消耗總量及密度：
於 報 告 期 間 錄 得 的 總 能 源 消 耗 及 密 度 分 別 為
10,183,946.40 千瓦時及 159.63 千瓦時╱平方米。總
能源消耗較二零二四財年低 22%（13,056,553 千瓦
時），主要由於報告期間出行的車輛減少及於香
港終止影院營運。
Use of Resources
The Group follows the applicable laws and regulations in the areas 
where it operates. We are dedicated to valuing resources and creating 
appropriate initiatives to conserve energy and water. Our goal is 
to utilise resources efficiently and prevent unnecessary waste. The 
Group has introduced diverse and sustainable measures to encourage 
responsible use of resources in its operations. Customers and 
employees are encouraged to opt for environmentally friendly services 
and products to increase environmental awareness. These choices play 
a pivotal role in steering the Group’s operations and services towards a 
more sustainable path.
The following table shows the total consumption and density of major 
resources of the Group:
Hong Kong Singapore FY 2025 Total FY 2024 Total
香港 新加坡 二零二五財年總計 二零二四財年總計
Direct energy use
直接能源使用
Diesel5 (kWh) 0 0 0 430
柴油 5（千瓦時）
Indirect energy use
間接能源使用
Electricity 150,291.00 10,033,655.40 10,183,946.40 13,056,553
電力
Total energy consumption (kWh) 150,291.00 10,033,655.40 10,183,946.40 13,056,553
總能源消耗千瓦時）
Intensity (kWh/m2) 80.37 162.03 159.63 154.43
密度（千瓦時╱平方米）
Total energy consumption and intensity recorded during the Reporting 
Period was 10,183,946.40  kWh and 159.63 kWh/m 2 respectively. Total 
energy consumption was 22% lower than that in FY2024 (13,056,553 
kWh), mainly due to a reduction in vehicles travelling and termination 
of cinema operation in Hong Kong during the Reporting Period.
5 The conversion factors from volumetric units of fuel consumption to 
energy units are in reference to CDP Technical note: Conversion of fuel 
data to MWh.
5 從 燃 料 消 耗 容 積 單 位 至 能 量 單 位 的 換 算 系 數 參 照
CDP 技術說明：燃料數據轉換為兆瓦時。


--- Page 53 ---

51
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境 、 社會及管治報告
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
於本年度，能源使用效益目標及所採取的措施如
下：
Our energy use efficiency targets and measures taken during the year 
are as follows:
Environmental targets Directional statements Measures taken during the year
環境目標 方向陳述 年內採取措施
Energy use efficiency
能源使用效益
• Gradually enhance the use of 
electrical appliances with energy 
saving label to 100%;
• 逐步將附有能源效益標籤的電器使
用提升至 100%；
• Adopt alternative means to reduce 
the use of Group’s vehicles for fuel 
consumption reduction.
• 應用替代方式減少使用本集團汽車
以減少燃油消耗。
• Replace obsolete equipment to energy-
saving models;
• 以節能型號替代陳舊設備；
• Arrange internal meetings through 
video conferencing system, resulting 
in fewer business trips for intra-group 
meetings and consequently reducing 
the use of vehicles;
• 透過視像會議系統安排內部會議，以
此減少集團內商務差旅從而減少使用
汽車；
• Switched off idling equipment, for 
example turned off lighting, personal 
computer and air-conditioners during 
non-office hours;
• 關掉不適用的設備，例如於非辦公時
間關掉照明、個人電腦及冷氣；
• Maintained indoor room temperature 
at 24 to 26 Degrees Celsius at the 
workplace;
• 辦公室內氣溫維持於攝氏 24 至 26 度；
• Streamline office layout and simplify its 
operation, thereby eliminating energy-
intensive facilities, leading to a more 
efficient use of resources;
• 精簡辦公室佈局及簡化營運，從而淘
汰能源密集設備，提升資源使用效
率；
• Placed energy-saving reminders at the 
workplace;
• 於工作間張貼節能提示；
• Provide regular training and offer 
energy-saving tips to employees.
• 為僱員提供定期培訓及節能提示。


--- Page 54 ---

52 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境 、 社會及管治報告
I. 水
報告範圍內營運地點自市政供應取得水源，
本集團在求取水源上並無面臨任何困難。
所有已使用水源及污水根據相關法律法規
排 放。於 報 告 期 間，總 耗 水 量 為 19,918.89
立方米，用水密度為0.31 立方米╱平方米。
該減少主要由於於香港終止 7 間影院營運。
本集團在求取適用水源上並無任何困難。
在本報告中，香港的耗水量數據涵蓋辦公
室，而新加坡業務的耗水量數據則涵蓋全
部 17 間影院及企業辦公室。由於香港辦公
室位於租賃物業，供水及排水由物業管理
公司控制，故個別租戶並無分計量或記錄。
本集團致力保護環境。我們密切監察耗水
量，持續改善及嘗試於日常業務營運過程
中實行環保概念。我們願意在環境表現上
邁進一大步。下表載列年內採取的用水效
益目標及措施：
I. Water
The operating sites of the reporting scope obtained water 
from the municipal supply and the Group did not face any 
difficulty sourcing water during the Reporting Period. All used 
water and sewage discharged in accordance with the relevant 
laws and regulations. During the Reporting Period, total water 
consumption is 19,918.89 m 3 with intensity of water usage 0.31 
m3/m2. The reduction is mainly due to the termination of 7 
cinema operation in Hong Kong. There is no difficulty in souring 
water that is fit for purpose.
Hong Kong Singapore FY 2025 Total FY 2024 Total
香港 新加坡 二零二五財年總計 二零二四財年總計
Total water consumption (m3) 17.00 19,901.89 19,918.89 21,817.06
總耗水量（立方米）
Intensity (m3/m2) 0.0091 0.32 0.31 0.26
每總樓面面積密度（立方米╱平方米）
In the Report, water consumption data of Hong Kong covers 
office whereas that in the operations of Singapore covered all 
17 cinemas and corporate office. As in Hong Kong, the office is 
situated in leased premises where water supply and discharge 
are managed by property management. There is a lack of sub-
metering or individual occupant records for water usage.
The Group is dedicated to protecting the environment. 
We monitor closely our water consumption for continuous 
improvement, attempting to implement the concept of 
environmental conservation in our daily business operation. 
We are eager to take a great leap on our environmental 
performance. Below are our water efficiency targets and 
measures taken during the year:
Environmental 
targets Directional statements Measures taken during the year
環境目標 方向陳述 年內採取措施
Water use efficiency
用水效益
•	 Adopt	water-efficiency	equipment;
• 使用符合用水效益的設備；
•	 Prevent	water	leakage	and	enhance	
water efficiency
• 防止漏水及提升用水效益
•	 Use	of	water	flow	controllers	and	
equipment with water efficiency labels;
• 使用水流控制器及附有用水效益標籤
的設備；
•	 Display	water-saving	labels	and	posters	
in restrooms and office pantries to 
encourage employees and visitors to 
conserve water;
• 於洗手間及辦公室茶水間張貼節水
標示及海報，鼓勵僱員及訪客節約用
水；
•	 Inspect	faucets	regularly	to	check	for	
dripping and leakage;
• 定期檢查水龍頭有否滴漏；
•	 Maintain 	and	repair	when	any	defects	are	
found.
• 於發現任何缺陷時進行保養及維修。


--- Page 55 ---

53
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境 、 社會及管治報告
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
環境及天然資源
儘管本集團主營業務對環境及天然資源造成的影
響有限，我們仍然致力將業務營運所有層面的環
境影響減至最低。我們定期評估業務相關環境風
險及積極採取措施緩解該等風險。確保符合環保
法律及法規乃重中之重。我們積極尋求及實行最
佳環保常規，重視理解及緩解業務營運對環境造
成的影響及善用資源。為保護自然環境及達致環
境可持續性，我們已將環保及節約天然資源原則
融入內部管理及日常營運。我們亦致力透過該等
措施符合相關國際準則。
氣候變化
在娛樂產業，我們專注於創意內容製作、數字發
行及知識產權變現，此商業模式本質上具備韌
性，面臨的氣候風險極低。於報告期間，我們針
對氣候相關風險進行了定量財務影響評估。並無
極端天氣事件造成重大財務影響，且政策變動對
本集團的收益來源僅構成低度轉型風險。本公司
確認，氣候因素不會對本集團的現金流量、融資
或短期、中期及長期成本造成重大影響。因此，
針對附錄 C2 的 D 部分，我們採用「遵循或解釋」
原則，省略詳細披露。
本集團管理層持續測試本集團對氣候變化風險的
承受能力及積極實行措施以有效管理及降低氣候
變化造成的自然災害或極端天氣事件的影響。儘
管本集團的業務因其性質而不易受到不斷變化的
氣候的影響，但我們明白氣候相關風險仍可能威
脅僱員安全及營運穩定性。我們已識別以下氣候
相關風險及應對措施：
The Environment and Natural Resources
Although the Group’s primary business has a limited impact on the 
environment and natural resources, we are dedicated to minimising 
any adverse environmental consequences across all aspects of our 
operations. We regularly assess environmental risks associated with 
our business and take proactive steps to mitigate them. Ensuring 
compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations is 
a top priority for us. We actively seek and implement best practices 
for environmental protection, focusing on understanding and 
mitigating the environmental effects of our business activities and 
resource utilisation. To preserve the natural environment and achieve 
environmental sustainability, we have integrated the principles of 
environmental protection and natural resource conservation into our 
internal management and daily operations. We also strive to align with 
relevant international standards in these endeavors.
Climate Change
In the entertainment industry, our focus on creative content creation, 
digital distribution, and IP monetization creates an inherently resilient 
business model with minimal exposure to climate risks. During 
the Reporting Period, we conducted quantitative financial impact 
assessment of climate-related risk. No extreme weather events have 
caused material financial impacts, and policy changes pose low 
transition risks to our revenue streams. The Company confirms climate 
factors do not materially affect our cash flows, financing, or costs short/
medium/long term. We therefore apply “comply or explain” for Part D 
Appendix C2, omitting detailed disclosures.
The Group’s management continuously assesses the Group’s 
vulnerability to climate change risks and proactively implements 
measures to effectively manage and reduce the impact of natural 
disasters caused by climate change or extreme weather events. 
Although the Group’s business is not highly prone to changing climate 
due to its nature, we recognise that climate-related risks can still 
pose threats to the safety of our employees and the stability of our 
operations. We have identified the following climate-related risks with 
our respective responses listed:


--- Page 56 ---

54 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境 、 社會及管治報告
本集團定期評估政策，確保獲取必要資料及資源
以有效檢查及評估業務範圍內氣候變化的影響。
本集團已訂立全面指引、通報程序、疏散系統及
意外調查指引，確保僱員有效應對氣候變化導致
的緊急狀況。
Climate-related risks Our responses
氣候相關風險 回應
Extreme weather conditions 
have the potential to cause 
damage to the facilities at 
operating sites
在極端天氣狀況下，營運地點的設
施可能受損
Precautionary measures are implemented at operating sites prior to the issuance of 
Tropical Cyclone Warning Signals to prevent damage to facilities and eliminate safety 
risks brought to employees
於熱帶氣旋警告信號生效前在營運地點採取預防措施，以防止設施損壞及消除
僱員安全風險
During severe weather 
conditions like heavy 
rainstorms or typhoons, 
employees face challenges in 
commuting to work
在極端天氣狀況（如暴雨及颱風）
下，僱員外出上班面對困難
Contingency plans are developed for each operational site to ensure the safety of all 
employees during extreme weather events
為各營運地點制訂極端天氣事件應急方案，保障所有僱員的安全
Carbon pricing on operation
營運中的碳定價
Replace obsolete equipment to energy-saving models, aiming to reduce GHG 
emission and energy conservation
將過時設備更換為節能型號，旨在減少溫室氣體排放並節約能源
The Group undergoes regular evaluations on its policies to ensure 
the necessary information and resources in effective monitoring 
and evaluation on the impact of climate change under its business 
scope. Comprehensive guidelines, notification procedures, evacuation 
systems, and accident investigation protocols are in place to ensure 
that employees can respond efficiently to emergency situations 
resulting from climate change.


--- Page 57 ---

55
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境 、 社會及管治報告
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
社會
僱員為成就本集團業務增長及可持續發展的寶貴
資產。為吸引及留聘人才，我們致力透過為所有
僱員提供僱員發展、改善僱傭條件及維持工作場
所標準，建立一個展示商業道德、多元化及安全
的優質工作環境。
僱傭
本集團致力建立公平、多元化及尊重的工作場所
文化。為秉持該等價值，我們已建立全面的僱傭
制度及僱員手冊所載政策及程序。該等措施旨在
確保遵守適用法律法規，為所有僱員提供和諧合
規的工作環境。
I. 招聘及解僱
我們以公平透明的方式招聘人才，考慮其
學歷、能力、態度、知識、經驗及表現。
我們重視公平，強烈譴責任何形式的不公
平及不公義解僱。本集團實行有力政策，
防止該等行為。本集團僅基於有效及合理
理由解僱僱員，且須具備僱員犯罪、嚴重
過失、不道德及貪污行為或類似違規行為
的具體證據。此外，我們尊重僱員自主性，
僱員可根據員工手冊中規定的程序，在作
出適當通知的情況下自願終止勞動合同。
我們就終止僱傭合約向僱員提供書面通知，
於整個過程中維持透明度。
II. 晉升及薪酬
為吸引及挽留有熱誠的人才，我們已實行
以表現為本的晉升及酌情花紅制度。我們
以公平性及一致性為優先考量，以標準化
制度定期進行表現評核，根據僱員成就及
貢獻表彰及獎勵僱員。
我們非常重視僱員福祉及幸福感，於公司
內提倡平衡工作與生活。我們確保僱員工
作時數合理及休息時間充足且可享有所有
法定假期以及年假、婚假、產假及僱傭合
約中列明的其他事假。此外，我們提供公
正及具競爭力的薪酬待遇、額外福利（如醫
療保險及退休供款）。僱傭合約中清楚列明
員工福利，確保薪酬慣例公正透明。
SOCIAL
Employees are vital for the Group’s achievement of business growth 
and sustainability. To attract and retain talent, we strive to create 
a quality working environment that demonstrates business ethics, 
diversity, and safety by providing employee development, improving 
employment conditions, and maintaining workplace standards.
Employment
The Group is dedicated to fostering a workplace culture built on 
principles of fairness, diversity, and respect. To uphold these values, 
we have implemented a comprehensive employment system, along 
with policies and procedures outlined in our Employee Handbook. 
These measures aim to ensure compliance with applicable laws and 
regulations, promoting a harmonious and compliant work environment 
for all employees.
I. Recruitment and dismissal
Our talent recruitment process adheres to the principles of 
fairness and transparency. We assess candidates based on 
their education qualifications, abilities, attitude, knowledge, 
experience, and performance.
In line with our commitment to fairness, we strongly denounce 
any form of unfair and unjust termination. Our Group maintains 
rigorous policies to prevent such practices. Employee 
terminations are conducted solely on valid and justifiable 
grounds, backed by concrete evidence of criminal misconduct, 
severe misbehaviour, unethical or corrupt practices, or similar 
violations. Besides, we respect our employees’ autonomy, 
allowing them to voluntarily terminate their labour contracts by 
following the procedures outlined in the Employee Handbook 
and providing appropriate notice. We ensure transparency 
throughout the process by providing written notifications to 
employees regarding the termination of their employment 
contracts.
II. Promotion and remuneration
We have implemented performance-based promotion and 
discretionary bonus systems to attract and retain talented 
individuals. We prioritise fairness and consistency by conducting 
regular performance reviews and evaluations using a 
standardised mechanism, recognising and rewarding employees 
based on their achievements and contributions.
We place great importance on the well-being and happiness 
of our employees, promoting a work-life balance culture in 
our corporate. We ensure that our employees have reasonable 
working hours and adequate rest periods, and are entitled to 
all statutory holidays, as well as annual leave, marriage leave, 
maternity leave, and other occasion leaves as outlined in 
their employment contracts. Besides, we offer unbiased and 
competitive remuneration packages along with fringe benefits, 
including medical insurance and retirement contributions. These 
staff benefits are clearly stipulated in the employment contracts 
to ensure transparency and fairness in our compensation 
practices.


--- Page 58 ---

56 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境 、 社會及管治報告
III. 多元化、平等機會及反歧視
我們致力維持互相包容及尊重的工作環境，
所有人都被重視及獲得有尊嚴及公平的對
待。為履行建立互信及激勵僱員的承諾，
本集團嚴禁違反多元化、平等機會及反歧
視的法規。我們確保所有僱員在招聘、調
職、晉升、績效考核、培訓、福利及薪酬
方面均享有平等機會，而不會考慮彼等的
性別、性取向、年齡、膚色、國籍、殘疾、
宗教、懷孕、政治傾向、工會成員或社會
經濟狀況。本集團嚴禁任何形式的歧視或
騷擾。
於報告期間，本集團確保遵守所有有關薪
酬及解僱、招聘及晉升、工作時數、休息
時間、平等機會、多元化、反歧視及其他
福利及福祉的法律及法規。我們亦遵照香
港法例第 57 章僱傭條例及新加坡僱傭法令
及其他適用法例所載條文。我們並無違反
該等法規及其他相關法例。截至二零二五
年 十 二 月 三 十 一 日，本 集 團 共 有 922 名 僱
員（二零二四年：1,121 名僱員）。於報告期
末，僱員人數及流失率如下：
III. Diversity, equal opportunity, and anti-discrimination
We strive to maintain an inclusive and respectful work 
environment where every individual is valued and treated with 
dignity and fairness. To align with our commitment to fostering 
mutual trust and motivating our employees, the Group strictly 
prohibits violations of diversity, equal opportunity, and anti-
discrimination regulations. We ensure that all employees are 
provided with equal opportunities in recruitment, transfer, 
promotion, performance appraisal, training, and benefits 
and compensation, irrespective of factors such as sex, sexual 
orientation, age, colour, nationality, disability, religion, pregnancy, 
political inclination, union membership, or socioeconomic status. 
Discrimination or harassment in any form is strictly forbidden 
within our organisation.
During the Reporting Period, the Group ensured compliance 
with all relevant laws and regulations concerning compensation 
and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest 
periods, equal opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, and 
other benefits and welfare. We have diligently adhered to the 
provisions outlined in the Employment Ordinance (Cap. 57) and 
the Employment Act, among other applicable laws. No violations 
of these regulations or any other relevant laws have occurred. As 
of 31 December 2025, there were 922 employees (2024: 1,121). 
The following is the headcount and employee turnover rate as of 
the end of the Reporting Period:
Number of employees Turnover rate6
僱員人數 流失率 6
2025 2024 2025 2024
二零二五年 二零二四年 二零二五年 二零二四年
By Gender Male 470 593 48% 53%
按性別 男
Female 452 528 40% 58%
女
By Employment Type Full-time 206 294 18% 36%
按僱傭類別 全職
Part-time 716 827 51% 63%
兼職
By Age 29 or under 708 805 48% 65%
按年齡 29 歲或以下
30–39 103 146 35% 41%
30–39 歲
40–49 47 78 26% 28%
40–49 歲
50 or above 64 92 28% 23%
50 歲或以上
By Category Senior management 13 49 31% 16%
按職位類別 高級管理層
Middle management 42 113 24% 32%
中級管理層
General employee 867 959 45% 61%
一般僱員
By Geographical Region Hong Kong 11 179 427% 74%
按地區 香港
Singapore 911 942 39% 52%
新加坡
TOTAL 922 1,121 44% 56%
總計
6 Turnover rate = Number of employees resigned in the category/Total 
workforce in the category x 100%
6 流 失 率 = 該 類 別 離 職 僱 員 人 數 ╱ 該 類 別 僱 員 總 數
x100%


--- Page 59 ---

57
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境 、 社會及管治報告
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
此 外，本 集 團 於 報 告 期 內 新 聘 用 435 名 僱
員，分 別 於 香 港 及 新 加 坡 聘 用 16 人 及 419
人。僱員人數增加乃主要由於本集團年內
於新加坡開設新影院。報告年度內新入職
率如下：
Furthermore, 435 of our employees are newly hired during the 
Reporting Period, with 16 in Hong Kong and 419 in Singapore 
respectively. The increase in the number of employees was 
mainly due to the Group’s new theatre in Singapore during the 
year. The new hire rate during the Reporting Year is as follows:
New hire rate7 2025 2024
新入職率 7 二零二五年 二零二四年
By Gender Male 24.3% 27.7%
按性別 男
Female 22.9% 25.3%
女
By Employment Type Full-time 3.5% 6.8%
按僱傭類別 全職
Part-time 43.7% 46.3%
兼職
By Age 29 or under 42.2% 46.7%
按年齡 29 歲或以下
30–39 3.7% 3.3%
30–39 歲
40–49 0.7% 2.0%
40–49 歲
50 or above 0.7% 1.2%
50 歲或以上
By Category Senior management 0.2% 0.9%
按職位類別 高級管理層
Middle management 0.5% 2.1%
中級管理層
General employee 46.4% 50.0%
一般僱員
By Geographical Region Hong Kong 1.7% 7.9%
按地區 香港
Singapore 45.4% 45.1%
新加坡
TOTAL 47.2% 53.1%
總計
7 New hire rate = Number of new employees in the category/Total 
workforce x 100%
7 新 入 職 率 = 該 類 別 新 僱 員 人 數 ╱ 該 類 別 僱 員 總 數
x100%


--- Page 60 ---

58 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境 、 社會及管治報告
健康與安全
本集團高度重視僱員及訪客健康、安全及福祉。
我們優先於營運過程中營造健康與安全的工作環
境，職業健康與安全亦已納入營運指引。我們旨
在有效識別及緩解工作場所危害，包括風險評估
以識別潛在風險及危害，提升僱員對該等風險的
意識及指導必要改進或糾正措施。
於報告期間，本集團嚴格遵守香港法例第 509 章
職業安全及健康條例及第 172 章公眾娛樂場所條
例。我們對職業健康與安全的承擔不僅限於遵守
規例。我們致力建立主動風險管理文化，所有僱
員於維持安全工作環境方面扮演主動角色。
由於火災是業務營運最高風險之一，我們已採取
以下強而有力的安全管理措施以保護僱員、訪客
及客戶：
我們定期審閱及更新營運指引，確保營運指引符
合最佳常規及不斷變化的行業準則。
Health and Safety
The health, safety, and well-being of our staff and visitors are of utmost 
importance to the Group. We place a high priority on creating a safe 
and healthy working environment throughout our operations and 
integrate occupational health and safety measures into our operational 
guidelines. We aim to effectively identify and mitigate workplace 
hazards, including risk assessments to identify potential risks and 
hazards, raising employee awareness about these risks, and providing 
guidelines for necessary improvements and corrective actions.
During the Reporting Period, the Group strictly complies with the 
Occupational Safety and Health Ordinance (Cap. 509) and the Places 
of Public Entertainment Regulations (Cap. 172). Our commitment to 
occupational health and safety extends beyond mere compliance with 
regulations. We strive to foster a culture of proactive risk management, 
where all employees play an active role in maintaining a safe working 
environment.
Given the identification of fire as one of the highest risks in our 
operations, we have implemented robust safety management practices 
to ensure the protection of our employees, visitors, and customers:
Inspect fire extinguishing equipment regularly.
定期檢查滅火設備。
Develop an emergency preparedness plan, and outline designated evacuation routes, assembly points and 
reporting channels.
制定應急準備計劃以及設計指定疏散路線、集合點及報告渠道。
Hold regular fire safety drills and training to raise awareness about fire hazards, prevention techniques, and 
proper response procedures.
舉行定期火警演習及提升火災意識，制訂預防方法及適切的反應程序。
Conduct routine safety inspections for blocked exits, faulty electrical systems, and other fire safety concerns.
對封閉出口、有問題的電力系統及其他火警安全關注位置進行例行安全檢查。
We regularly review and update our operational guidelines to ensure 
that they align with best practices and evolving industry standards.


--- Page 61 ---

59
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境 、 社會及管治報告
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
於 報 告 期 間，我 們 並 無 錄 得 因 工 死 亡 個 案。然
而，共有 6 宗工傷，受傷主要有關扭傷、交通事
故、燒傷、滑倒及跌倒、割傷及瘀傷，導致損失
合共 29 個相關工作日，工傷率為 0.7%。我們認真
處理意外，重視僱員健康與安全。於受傷個案呈
報後，我們展開全面調查以識別根源，防止類似
意外於未來再次發生。我們亦實行糾正措施，例
如向僱員提供安全指引及要求特定僱員參與工作
場所安全課程，以提高安全意識及識別工作場所
危害。我們希望這些僱員能將所學知識傳授給樓
層及廚房人員，確保提高意識，營造更安全的工
作環境。
發展及培訓
本集團深明持續人才發展的重要性。我們旨在提
升僱員工作能力及促進彼等的專業成長。我們根
據對僱員需求及最新市場趨勢的評估為僱員提供
及各種內部及外部培訓：
During the Reporting Period, no workplace fatalities were recorded. 
However, there were 6 work-related injuries reported. These injuries 
were mainly related to sprain, road accident, burns, slips and trips, cut 
and bruises, resulting in a total of 29 lost workdays, and an injury rate 
of 0.7%.We take these incidents seriously and prioritise the health and 
safety of our employees. Following each reported injury, we conducted 
thorough investigations to identify the root causes to prevent similar 
incidents from occurring in the future. Corrective measures were also 
implemented, such as providing safety guidelines to employees, and 
requiring shortlisted employees to attend workplace safety courses to 
enhance safety awareness and identifying workplace hazards. We hope 
these employees can cascade the knowledge to floor and kitchen staff, 
ensuring heightened awareness and a safer work environment.
2025 2024
二零二五年 二零二四年
Number and rate of work-related fatalities 0 (0%) 0 (0%)
因工死亡的人數及比率
Number of work injuries 6 24
工傷人數
Injury rate8 0.7% 1.8%
工傷率 8
Lost days due to work injuries 29 43
因工傷損失工作日數
Development and Training
The Group recognise the significance of continuous talent 
development. We aim to empower our employees and foster their 
professional growth. We offer a range of internal and external training 
and development programs that are tailored to meet the needs of our 
employees and align with the latest market trends:
8 Injury rate = Number of recordable work-related injury/Total number of 
employee x 100%
8 受傷率 = 已記錄工傷數目 / 僱員總數 x100%
Talent
development
࢝
Occupational
health and
safety
ᔖุ਄ੰၾ
τΌ
Management
skills
၍ଣҦ̷
Customer
service skills
ਕ
Ҧ̷
Professional 
skills
ਖ਼ุҦঐ
Induction
training and
orientation
ɝᔖ੃৅
อ
Industry-wide
practices and
regulations
Бุ੬஝ʿ
஝Է


--- Page 62 ---

60 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境 、 社會及管治報告
為鼓勵持續進修，我們亦為員工提供教育津貼及
考試假期，鼓勵彼等進修及獲取專業資格，提升
知識與資歷。
我們為所有前線員工提供全面的入職培訓及迎
新，使彼等熟悉營運程序及客戶服務技巧。為提
升職業健康與安全（職安健），我們委任職安健人
員並為其提供量身訂製的職安健訓練。我們亦為
前線人員提供急救課程，確保彼等掌握必要技巧
及知識包括 CPR 及使用 AED，及時有效回應不可
預見的醫療狀況。為保證食品安全及質素，所有
從事餐飲相關職位的員工於就職前均須參加有關
食品處理及食品衛生的課程。我們亦提供有關風
險管理計劃實施、公平就業及實踐、數字營銷及
會計方面的培訓。本集團將繼續評估及更新培訓
資料內容，滿足僱員需求及期望。
員工受訓詳情及按性別及僱傭類別分部如下：
To support continuous education, we also offer education subsidies 
and examination leave to our employees, encouraging them to pursue 
further education and professional certifications, and enhancing their 
knowledge and qualifications.
We provide comprehensive induction training and orientation for 
frontline staff, to familiarise them with operational procedures and 
customer service skills. To enhance our occupational safety and health 
(OSH), we provide OSH training specifically tailored for our appointed 
OSH officer. We also provide first aid course to front-line staff to 
ensure they are equipped with the necessary skills and knowledge, 
including CPR and the use of AED to respond promptly and effectively 
to unforeseen medical situations. In our commitment to food safety 
and quality, all staff serving in food and beverage-related positions are 
required to attend food handling and food hygiene courses before 
formal onboarding. We also provided trainings on risk management 
plan implementation, fair employment and practice, digital marketing 
and accounting. The Group will continue to evaluate and update the 
content of our training materials to meet the evolving needs and 
expectations of our employees.
The details of training received by staff and its distribution by gender 
and employee category are listed below:
Percentage of employees trained9 2025 2024
受訓僱員百分比 9 二零二五年 二零二四年
By Gender Male 24.5% 27.2%
按性別 男
Female 15.7% 26.5%
女
By Category Senior management 0.0% 0.0%
按職位類別 高級管理層
Middle management 0.0% 10.6%
中級管理層
General employee 21.5% 30.1%
一般僱員
TOTAL 20.2% 26.9%
總計
Average training hours10 2025 2024
平均培訓時數 10 二零二五年 二零二四年
By Gender Male 2.0 1.7
按性別 男
Female 1.3 3.2
女
By Category Senior management 0.0 0.0
按職位類別 高級管理層
Middle management 0.4 0.4
中級管理層
General employee 1.7 1.8
一般僱員
TOTAL 1.6 2.4
總計
9 10 Percentage of employees trained = Number of employees trained in 
the category/Total workforce in the category x 100%.
10 Average training hours = Total hours of training received by employees 
in the category/Total workforce in the category
9 受訓僱員百分比 = 該類別受訓僱員人數╱該類別僱
員總數 ×100%
10 平均培訓時數 = 該類別僱員總受訓時數╱該類別僱
員總數


--- Page 63 ---

61
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境 、 社會及管治報告
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
勞工準則
本集團的零容忍政策嚴格禁止任何形式的強制勞
工，包括在工作場所的奴役、債務誘導的勞工及
脅迫。我們致力秉持最高道德標準，確保為所有
僱員提供安全及平等的工作環境。我們於報告年
度遵守防止童工及強制勞工的相關法律法規，並
無發現任何嚴重違反法律法規而可能對本集團造
成重大影響的情況。
人力資源部在招聘過程及僱傭期間仔細審查所有
應徵者的身份證明文件，防止招聘任何可能存在
強制勞工的風險的人士。我們確保僅考慮聘用符
合法定年齡規定及持有有效身份證明文件的人
士。倘識別任何疑似童工或強制勞工，人力資源
部隨即採取行動及負責向相關部門舉報個案並
採取適當行動，保障受影響者人身安全。牽涉其
中的人士將被即時解僱。視乎情況嚴重程度及狀
況，相關員工可能需要接受進一步調查，如查明
屬實，則可能面臨紀律處分，包括解僱。
供應鏈管理
本集團致力與對社會及環境負責的供應商維持穩
定的合作關係。我們已制訂及實施一系列政策及
措施，以管理及加強供應商所提供服務及產品的
質量，並確保我們以可持續及合乎道德的方式提
供娛樂服務。
於採購過程中，我們依照公開、公平及具競爭力
原則。我們禁止任何形式的差別待遇或歧視供
應商。所有供應商均獲得平等機會，參與採購過
程，且按照客觀準則及評估作出決定。為維持公
正透明，本集團密切監察其僱員以避免任何利益
衝突，不論該等利益衝突是否實際或明顯。供應
商須披露與本集團的所有相關利益或關係，避免
個人利益影響供應商甄選或採購決定，並確保採
購過程維持公正，不受任何貪污行為、賄賂或其
他不當行為影響。
Labour Standard
The Group maintains a strict zero-tolerance policy regarding any 
form of forced labour, such as slavery, debt-induced labour, and 
coercion in the workplace. We are fully committed to upholding the 
highest ethical standards and ensuring a safe and equitable working 
environment for all our employees. We complied with relevant laws 
and regulations relating to preventing child and forced labour during 
the Reporting Year and were not aware of any major violations of laws 
and regulations that may have a significant impact on the Group.
Our Human Resources Department diligently examines the 
identification documents of all candidates during the recruitment 
process and upon employment to prevent the recruitment of 
individuals who may be vulnerable to forced labour. We ensure that 
only qualified individuals who meet the statutory age requirement and 
possess valid identification documents are considered for employment. 
If any suspected cases of child or forced labour are identified, our 
Human Resources Department acts swiftly and responsibly to report 
the case to the relevant department and take appropriate actions to 
safeguard the personal safety of the affected individual. Any individuals 
involved are immediately dismissed from their positions. Depending on 
the severity and circumstances of the situation, relevant staff members 
may be subject to further investigation, and appropriate disciplinary 
actions, including dismissal, will be taken if warranted.
Supply Chain Management
The Group is dedicated to establishing and maintaining strong 
collaborative relationships with suppliers who uphold social and 
environmental responsibility. We have developed policies and 
measures that focus on managing and enhancing the quality of 
services and products provided by our suppliers and ensuring our 
entertainment services are delivered sustainably and ethically.
In our procurement process, we adhere to principles of openness, 
fairness, and competitiveness. We strictly prohibit any form of 
differential treatment or discrimination against suppliers. All suppliers 
are given equal opportunity to participate in the procurement process, 
and decisions are made based on objective criteria and evaluation. To 
maintain transparency and integrity, we closely monitor our employees 
to prevent any conflicts of interest, whether they are actual or 
perceived. Suppliers must disclose all relevant interests or relationships 
they have with our Group to avoid situations where personal interests 
could influence supplier selection or procurement decisions, and 
ensure that our procurement process remains impartial and free from 
any corrupt practices, bribery, or other misconduct.


--- Page 64 ---

62 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境 、 社會及管治報告
於採購前，我們會對供應商進行全面的背景調
查，以識別潛在的環境及社會風險。我們優先考
慮符合可持續慣例及願意承擔社會責任的供應
商。我們鼓勵僱員遵守採購指引，考慮及探索環
保選擇，以盡量減少環境足印。為進一步鞏固與
我們理念一致及符合我們的社會及環保準則的供
應商的關係，我們制訂負責任供應商列表於各部
門傳閱並定期審視。
展望未來，我們旨在透過持續審閱供應鏈管理政
策、措施及數據識別及應對環境及社會風險，為
更可持續及負責任業務生態作出貢獻。
下文載列本集團於本年度委聘的供應商地區分
佈，惟尚未計入餐飲供應商及法律顧問，乃由於
彼等並非直接貢獻核心競爭優勢。以下所列供應
商數目僅限於電影放映領域。
產品責任
I. 優化客戶體驗
為迎合我們眾多客戶的不同喜好及期望，
我們的專業採購團隊已積極探索各種類型，
包括猛片、文化節目、音樂劇、體育賽事
等。為優化客戶體驗，我們投資先進技術
包括 D-Box 座椅、杜比及 AURO 音響系統、
BARCO 激光投影機及 IMAX® 銀幕。我們相信
該等投資可提升放映質素及創造沉浸式環
境，豐富尊貴客戶的整體娛樂體驗。
基於我們對透明度及合規的承擔，我們確
保所有推廣材料（包括廣告及標籤）均遵守
相關法律及法規。因此，客戶獲取準確可
靠資料，避免誤導內容影響對產品組合的
理解。於報告期間，我們並不知悉於香港
及新加坡提供產品及服務過程中任何嚴重
違反廣告及標籤相關法律及法規的情況。
Comprehensive background research is conducted before 
procurement to identify potential environmental and social risks. 
We prioritise suppliers who align with sustainable practices and 
demonstrate a commitment to social responsibility. Our employees 
are encouraged to follow procurement guidelines that consider 
and explore environmentally friendly options, aiming to minimise 
our environmental footprint. To further strengthen our supplier 
relationships with suppliers who share our values and meet our 
social and environmental standards, we maintain a list of responsible 
suppliers that is circulated among departments and regularly reviewed.
Looking ahead, we aim to identify and address environmental and 
social risks along our supply chain by continually reviewing our supply 
chain management policies, measures, and data to contribute to a 
more sustainable and responsible business ecosystem.
Below is the location distribution of suppliers the Group engaged 
with during the year, yet not included in food and beverage suppliers, 
and legal consultants as they do not directly contribute to our core 
competitive advantages. The number of supplier listed below limited 
to film exhibition sector only.
Number of suppliers 2025 2024
供應商數目 二零二五年 二零二四年 *
By Geographical Location Hong Kong 14 16
按地區分佈 香港
Singapore 29 34
新加坡
TOTAL 43 50
總計
Product Responsibility
I. Enhancing customers’ experience
Our professional sourcing team is dedicated to catering to 
the diverse preferences and expectations of our customers by 
actively exploring a wide range of genres, including blockbusters, 
cultural programs, musicals, sporting events, and more. To 
enhance customer experience, we invested in cutting-edge 
technologies, including D-Box seats, Dolby and AURO sound 
systems, BARCO Laser projectors, and IMAX® screens. We believe 
these investments can elevate the quality of our presentations 
and create immersive environments, enriching the overall 
entertainment experience for our valued customers.
In line with our commitment to transparency and compliance, 
we ensure that all promotional materials, including advertising 
and labelling, adhere to relevant laws and regulations. Thus, 
our customers receive accurate and reliable information, 
avoiding any misleading content that may compromise their 
understanding of our offerings. During the Reporting Period, 
we are not aware of any material breach of laws and regulations 
relating to advertising and labelling when providing products 
and services in Hong Kong and Singapore.
* 2024 數據因為更新而被更新了* 2024 data have been updated due to updated 


--- Page 65 ---

63
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境 、 社會及管治報告
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
II. 重視客戶反饋
本集團高度重視客戶反饋及意見，有關反
饋及意見對改善服務質素及確保客戶滿意
度至關重要。我們積極鼓勵客戶透過本集
團網頁及直接與前線員工溝通等不同渠道
提供反饋。
我們尤其重視接獲的每宗投訴，因為該等
投訴提供寶貴見解，讓我們明白業務營運
中需要改善的範疇。我們已制訂由高級管
理層定期審視的內部程序，確保我們可有
效及時回應及處理客戶提出的任何關注或
問題。於報告期間，本集團並無接獲任何
投訴。倘接獲投訴，我們按內部程序處理，
優先考慮迅速有效的解決方案，展現我們
對持續維持客戶滿意度的承擔。
III. 保障資料私隱及知識產權
本集團高度重視保障客戶私隱。我們已制
訂強而有力的資料保障措施，保障客戶及
會員個人資料安全。為確保僱員充分知悉
保障資料私隱最佳常規及相關最新資料，
員工定期接受有關處理個人資料的培訓，
尤其著重線上支付及線上會員註冊。於報
告期間，我們並不知悉於香港及新加坡提
供產品及服務期間任何嚴重違反有關私隱
事宜的法律法規，包括香港法例第 486 章個
人資料（私隱）條例。
除保障私隱外，我們致力保障知識產權。
本集團明白支持優質製作及尊重業務夥伴
知識產權的重要性。我們透過商標註冊、
合約條文及保密程序等措施確保合規，及
嚴格遵守知識產權相關法律法規及指引，
包括香港法例第 559 章商標條例、第 528 章
版權條例、第 544 章防止盜用版權條例及第
392 章電影檢查條例。
為打擊盜版及保障知識產權，本集團已於
每次電影開始放映時提醒影院內所有觀眾
有關盜錄行為的法律責任。員工已接受培
訓，如發現懷疑個案，即時報告及跟進，
確保盜錄內容不會流出，並採取合適行動，
應對任何侵權行為。
II. Valuing Customers’ feedback
The Group highly value the feedback and opinions of our 
customers as they play a crucial role in helping us improve 
our service quality and ensure customer satisfaction. We 
actively encourage customers to provide feedback through 
various channels, including our Group’s website and direct 
communication with our frontline staff.
We hold particular significance in every complaint received, as 
they provide valuable insights into areas where we can improve 
our operations. We have established an internal process that 
Senior Management regularly reviews to ensure that we can 
provide effective and timely responses to address any concerns 
or issues raised by our customers. During the reporting period, 
the Group did not received any complaints. In case of receiving 
complaint, we handled it following our internal procedures, 
prioritising quick and efficient resolution, and demonstrating our 
commitment to continuously maintaining customer satisfaction.
III. Protection of data privacy and intellectual property 
rights
The Group places a strong emphasis on protecting the privacy 
of our clients. We have implemented rigorous data protection 
measures to safeguard the security of our customers’ and 
members’ personal information. To ensure that our employees 
are well-informed and updated on data privacy protection best 
practices, our staff members receive regular training on handling 
personal data, with a particular focus on online payment 
processing and online membership registration. We are not 
aware of any material non-compliance with laws and regulations 
relating to privacy matters, including the Personal Data (Privacy) 
Ordinance (Cap. 486), when providing products and services in 
Hong Kong and Singapore during the Reporting Period.
In addition to protecting privacy, we are committed to 
upholding intellectual property rights. The Group recognises the 
importance of supporting quality production and respecting 
the intellectual property of our partners. We ensure compliance 
through measures such as trademark registration, contractual 
provisions, and confidentiality procedures and strictly adhere 
to relevant laws, regulations, and guidelines on intellectual 
property, including the Trade Marks Ordinance (Cap. 559), 
Copyright Ordinance (Cap. 528), Prevention of Copyright Piracy 
Ordinance (Cap. 544) and Film Censorship Ordinance (Cap. 392).
To combat piracy and protect intellectual property rights, 
we remind all customers about the legal liabilities associated 
with pirated recordings before each screening in cinemas. If a 
suspected case of piracy is identified, our employees are trained 
to report it immediately and follow up accordingly, ensuring 
that no unauthorized recordings are released, and appropriate 
actions are taken to address any infringement.


--- Page 66 ---

64 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境 、 社會及管治報告
展望未來，我們將繼續檢討及完善有關服
務及產品責任的政策及措施。我們明白確
保客戶滿意度的重要性，並將致力優化常
規，滿足及超越客戶期望。
反貪污
本集團高度重視商業誠信及問責，我們絕不姑息
任何形式的貪污，包括賄賂、欺詐、勒索或其他
相關不當行為。為確保業務營運誠信，高級管理
層及審核委員會負責透過全面內部監控框架、政
策及營運程序識別及監察潛在風險。
我們認同反貪污培訓對於應對持份者關注的重要
性。我們已實行「反貪污政策」，全體董事及僱員
已知悉有關政策，而彼等亦全面知悉職責相關適
用法律、法規及內部指引，鞏固彼等對反貪污措
施的認知。
我們鼓勵僱員向高級管理層或相關部門舉報涉嫌
違反反貪污標準或不當行為。我們已制訂「舉報
政策」，提供程序及舉報渠道（透過電郵或郵件），
以供本集團持份者（例如客戶、僱員、供應商及
承包商）舉報任何與本集團相關的疑似貪污事宜。
我們保障舉報者的保密性。我們確保舉報者不受
解僱、不受害及不受任何形式的報復。審核委員
會保密處理及全面調查所有舉報個案。本集團採
取適當行動處理任何查明屬實的個案，包括解僱
相關僱員及向司法機構報告。
為表現我們對反貪污及維持商業誠信的承擔，本
集團審核委員會每年審視及評估反貪污及舉報相
關常規。
於報告期間，我們並不知悉任何嚴重違反相關法
律法規（包括香港法例第 201 章防止賄賂條例）的
情況，亦不知悉針對本集團或其僱員於營業地點
的貪污行為的任何法律訴訟。
As we move forward, we remain committed to continually 
reviewing and refining our policies and measures related 
to service and product responsibility. We understand the 
importance of ensuring customer satisfaction and will strive 
to enhance our practices to meet and exceed our customers’ 
expectations.
Anti-corruption
The Group places a high value on business integrity and accountability, 
and we have a zero-tolerance policy towards corruption, including 
bribery, fraud, extortion, and related misconduct. To ensure the 
integrity of our operations, our Senior Management and Audit 
Committee are responsible for identifying and monitoring potential 
risks through a comprehensive internal control framework, policies, 
and operational procedures.
We acknowledge the importance of anti-corruption training in 
addressing the concerns of our stakeholders. We have implemented an 
‘Anti-Corruption Policy’ which has been communicated to all directors 
and employees to ensure they are well-informed about applicable 
laws, regulations, and internal guidelines related to their duties, thus 
enhancing their understanding of anti-corruption measures.
Employees are encouraged to report any suspected breaches of anti-
corruption standards or misconduct to the Senior Management or 
the relevant departments. We have a ‘Whistleblowing Policy’ in place 
to provide procedures and whistle-blowing channels (through email 
or by mail) for stakeholders of the Group (e.g. customers, employees, 
suppliers and contractors) to report any possibility of impropriety 
matters related to the Group. We protect the confidentiality of those 
who report concerns. We ensure that reporters are protected against 
dismissal, victimization, or any form of reprisal. All reported cases 
are treated confidentially and investigated thoroughly by the Audit 
Committee. Appropriate actions, including the dismissal of implicated 
employees and reporting to the judicial institutes, are taken to address 
any substantiated cases.
In our commitment to preventing corruption and maintaining business 
integrity, the Audit Committee of the Group will review and evaluate 
our practices related to anti-corruption and whistleblowing annually.
During the Reporting Period, we are not aware of any material breach 
of relevant laws and regulations, including the Prevention of Bribery 
Ordinance (Cap. 201), nor any legal cases regarding corruption 
practices against the Group or our employees in our operation sites.


--- Page 67 ---

65
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境 、 社會及管治報告
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
社區投資
我們的願景是為社會上弱勢社群帶來歡樂與娛
樂。我們尤其重視貧困兒童、低收入家庭、長者
及電影學校學生。因此，本集團於經營業務時考
慮彼等的興趣，表現本集團對社會融合及社區參
與的承擔。
本集團與不同的慈善機構合作，提供慈善電影放
映、籌款、慈善義賣等慈善活動。我們以該等工
作與社區互動，致力創造共享價值意識及培養團
結精神。
我們明白我們的角色不限於提供娛樂，而我們致
力善用我們的平台帶來積極改變：建立更強大、
更包容的社會，讓每人都擁有體驗歡樂與娛樂的
機會。
聯絡及反饋
我們重視持份者的反饋，並歡迎讀者就本報告及
本集團的 ESG 表現提出任何意見或建議。請隨時
電郵至 esg@goldenharvest.com 與我們聯絡。
Community Investment
At the core of our vision is the desire to bring joy and entertainment to 
those who are less privileged in society. We place special emphasis on 
underprivileged children, low-income families, the elderly, and students 
from film schools. Thus, actively consider their interests alongside our 
business operations as part of our commitment to social inclusion and 
community engagement.
The Group engaged in a range of initiatives with various charitable 
organizations, including organizing charity movie screenings, 
conducting fundraising activities, and participating in charity sales. 
We strive to create a sense of shared values and foster a spirit of 
togetherness by involving the community in these endeavors.
We recognize that our role extends beyond entertainment, and we are 
dedicated to using our platform to create positive change: building a 
stronger, more inclusive society where everyone has the opportunity 
to experience joy and entertainment.
CONTACT AND FEEDBACK
We value stakeholder feedback and welcome any comments or advice 
from our readers on the Report and the Group’s ESG performance. 
Please feel free to contact us at esg@goldenharvest.com.


--- Page 68 ---

66 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境 、 社會及管治報告
HKEx ESG Reporting Code General Disclosures & KPIs
Explanation/
Reference Section
香港交易所 ESG 報告守則一般披露事項及關鍵績效指標 闡釋╱參考部分
Aspect A Environmental
層面 A 環境
A1 Emission Information on:
— the policies; and
— compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a 
significant impact on the issuer
relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions, discharges into water 
and land, and generation of hazardous and non-hazardous wastes.
Environment — Emission
A1 排放物 有關廢氣及溫室氣體排放、向水及土地的排污、有害及無害廢
棄物的產生等的：
— 政策；及
— 遵守對發行人有重大影響的相關法律及規例的資料。
環境 — 排放物
KPI A1.1 The types of emissions and respective emissions data. Environment — Emission
關鍵績效指標 A1.1 排放物種類及相關排放數據。 環境 — 排放物
KPI A1.2 Direct (Scope 1) and energy indirect (Scope 2) greenhouse gas 
emissions in total (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e.g. 
per unit of production volume, per facility).
Environment — Emission
關鍵績效指標 A1.2 直接（範圍一）及能源間接（範圍二）溫室氣體排放量（噸）及密度
（例如每產量單位、每設施）。
環境 — 排放物
KPI A1.3 Total hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where 
appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume, per 
facility).
Environment — Emission
關鍵績效指標 A1.3 所產生有害廢棄物總量（噸）及密度（例如每產量單位、每設施）。 環境 — 排放物
KPI A1.4 Total non-hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and where 
appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume, per 
facility).
Environment — Emission
關鍵績效指標 A1.4 所產生無害廢棄物總量（噸）及密度（例如每產量單位、每設施）。 環境 — 排放物
KPI A1.5 Description of measures to mitigate emissions and results achieved. Environment — Emission
關鍵績效指標 A1.5 描述減排措施及成果。 環境 — 排放物
KPI A1.6 Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are 
handled, reduction initiatives and results achieved.
Environment — Emission
關鍵績效指標 A1.6 描述處理有害及無害廢棄物的方法，減少廢棄物的措施及成果。 環境 — 排放物


--- Page 69 ---

67
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境 、 社會及管治報告
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
HKEx ESG Reporting Code General Disclosures & KPIs
Explanation/
Reference Section
香港交易所 ESG 報告守則一般披露事項及關鍵績效指標 闡釋╱參考部分
A2 Use of Resources Policies on efficient use of resources including energy, water and 
other raw materials.
Environment — Use of 
Resources
A2 資源使用 有效使用資源（包括能源、水及其他原材料）的政策。 環境 — 資源使用
KPI A2.1 Direct and/or indirect energy consumption by type (e.g. electricity, 
gas or oil) in total (kWh in ‘000s) and intensity (e.g. per unit of 
production volume, per facility).
Environment — Use of 
Resources
關鍵績效指標 A2.1 按類型（例如電力、煤氣及燃油）劃分的直接及╱或間接能源總
耗量（千瓦時）及密度（例如每產量單位、每設施）。
環境 — 資源使用
KPI A2.2 Water consumption in total and intensity (e.g. per unit of 
production volume, per facility).
Environment — Use of 
Resources
關鍵績效指標 A2.2 總耗水量及密度（例如每產量單位、每設施）。 環境 — 資源使用
KPI A2.3 Description of energy use efficiency initiatives and results achieved. Environment — Use of 
Resources
關鍵績效指標 A2.3 描述能源效益措施及成果。 環境 — 資源使用
KPI A2.4 Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is 
fit for purpose, water efficiency initiatives and results achieved.
Environment — Use of 
Resources
關鍵績效指標 A2.4 描述求取適用水源上可有任何問題，用水效益措施及成果。 環境 — 資源使用
KPI A2.5 Total packaging material used for finished products (in tonnes), 
and, if applicable, with reference to per unit produced.
The group use food 
packaging materials in 
its business operations. 
The corresponding data 
for the reporting period 
was not available in a 
complete and consistent 
format. The group will 
review its data collection 
process to strengthen 
future reporting.
關鍵績效指標 A2.5 製成品所用包裝材料的總量（噸）及每生產單位佔量（如適用）。 本集團於業務營運過程
中使用食物包裝材料，
報告期間的相應數據未
能以完整且一致的格式
提供。本集團將檢討其
數據蒐集流程，以強化
未來的報告工作。
A3 The Environment and 
Natural Resources
Policies on minimising the issuer’s significant impact on the 
environment and natural resources.
Environment — The 
Environment and Natural 
Resources
A3 環境及天然資源 減低發行人對環境及天然資源造成重大影響的政策。 環境 — 環境及天然資源
KPI A3.1 Description of the significant impacts of activities on the 
environment and natural resources and the actions taken to 
manage them.
Environment — The 
Environment and Natural 
Resources
關鍵績效指標 A3.1 描述業務活動對環境及天然資源的重大影響及已採取管理有關
影響的行動。
環境 — 環境及天然資源


--- Page 70 ---

68 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境 、 社會及管治報告
HKEx ESG Reporting Code General Disclosures & KPIs
Explanation/
Reference Section
香港交易所 ESG 報告守則一般披露事項及關鍵績效指標 闡釋╱參考部分
A4 Climate Change [Repealed 1 January 2025]
A4 氣候變化 [ 已於二零二五年一月一日廢止 ]
KPI A4.1 [Repealed 1 January 2025]
關鍵績效指標 A4.1 [ 已於二零二五年一月一日廢止 ]
Aspect B Social
層面 B 社會
B1 Employment Information on:
— the policies; and
— compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a 
significant impact on the issuer
relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and 
promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, 
diversity, anti-discrimination, and other benefits and welfare.
Social — Employment
B1 僱傭 有關薪酬及解僱、招聘及晉升、工作時數、假期、平等機會、多
元化、反歧視以及其他待遇及福利的：
— 政策；及
— 遵守對發行人有重大影響的相關法律及規例的資料。
社會 — 僱傭
KPI B1.1 Total workforce by gender, employment type (for example, full- or 
part-time), age group and geographical region.
Social — Employment
關鍵績效指標 B1.1 按性別、僱傭類型（例如全職或兼職）、年齡組別及地區劃分的
僱員總數。
社會 — 僱傭
KPI B1.2 Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and geographical 
region.
Social — Employment
關鍵績效指標 B1.2 按性別、年齡組別及地區劃分的僱員流失率。 社會 — 僱傭
B2 Health and Safety Information on:
— the policies; and
— compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a 
significant impact on the issuer
relating to providing a safe working environment and protecting 
employees from occupational hazards.
Social — Health and 
Safety
B2 健康與安全 有關提供安全工作環境及保障僱員避免職業性危害的：
— 政策；及
— 遵守對發行人有重大影響的相關法律及規例的資料。
社會 — 健康與安全


--- Page 71 ---

69
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境 、 社會及管治報告
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
HKEx ESG Reporting Code General Disclosures & KPIs
Explanation/
Reference Section
香港交易所 ESG 報告守則一般披露事項及關鍵績效指標 闡釋╱參考部分
KPI B2.1 Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in each of the 
past three years including the reporting year
Social — Health and 
Safety
關鍵績效指標 B2.1 過去三年（包括匯報年度）每年因工亡故的人數及比率。 社會 — 健康與安全
KPI B2.2 Lost days due to work injury. Social — Health and 
Safety
關鍵績效指標 B2.2 因工傷損失工作日數。 社會 — 健康與安全
KPI B2.3 Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, 
how they are implemented and monitored.
Social — Health and 
Safety
關鍵績效指標 B2.3 描述所採納的職業健康與安全措施，以及相關執行及監察方法。 社會 — 健康與安全
B3 Development and 
Training
Policies on improving employees’ knowledge and skills for 
discharging duties at work. Description of training activities.
Social — Development 
and Training
B3 發展及培訓 有關提升僱員履行工作職責的知識及技能的政策。描述培訓活動。 社會 — 發展及培訓
KPI B3.1 The percentage of employees trained by gender and employee 
category (e.g. senior management, middle management).
Social — Development 
and Training
關鍵績效指標 B3.1 按性別及僱員類別（例如高級管理層、中級管理層）劃分的受訓
僱員百分比。
社會 — 發展及培訓
KPI B3.2 The average training hours completed per employee by gender 
and employee category
Social — Development 
and Training
關鍵績效指標 B3.2 按性別及僱員類別劃分，每名僱員完成受訓的平均時數 社會 — 發展及培訓
B4 Labour Standards Information on:
— the policies; and
— compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a 
significant impact on the issuer
relating to preventing child and forced labour.
Social — Labour 
Standards
B4 勞工準則 有關防止童工或強制勞工的：
— 政策；及
— 遵守對發行人有重大影響的相關法律及規例的資料。
社會 — 勞工準則
KPI B4.1 Description of measures to review employment practices to avoid 
child and forced labour. s
Social — Labour 
Standards
關鍵績效指標 B4.1 描述檢討招聘慣例的措施以避免童工及強制勞工。 社會 — 勞工準則
KPI B4.2 Description of steps taken to eliminate such practices when 
discovered.
Social — Labour 
Standards
關鍵績效指標 B4.2 描述在發現違規情況時消除有關情況所採取的步驟。 社會 — 勞工準則


--- Page 72 ---

70 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境 、 社會及管治報告
HKEx ESG Reporting Code General Disclosures & KPIs
Explanation/
Reference Section
香港交易所 ESG 報告守則一般披露事項及關鍵績效指標 闡釋╱參考部分
B5 Supply Chain 
Management
Policies on managing environmental and social risks of supply 
chain.
Social — Supply Chain 
Management
B5 供應鏈管理 管理供應鏈的環境及社會風險政策。 社會 — 供應鏈管理
KPI B5.1 Number of suppliers by geographical region. Social — Supply Chain 
Management
關鍵績效指標 B5.1 按地區劃分的供應商數目。 社會 — 供應鏈管理
KPI B5.2 Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of 
suppliers where the practices are being implemented, how they 
are implemented and monitored.
Social — Supply Chain 
Management
關鍵績效指標 B5.2 描述有關聘用供應商的慣例，向其執行有關慣例的供應商數目，
以及相關執行及監察方法。
社會 — 供應鏈管理
KPI B5.3 Description of practices used to identify environmental and social 
risks along the supply chain, and how they are implemented and 
monitored.
Social — Supply Chain 
Management
關鍵績效指標 B5.3 描述有關識別供應鏈每個環節的環境及社會風險的慣例，以及
相關執行及監察方法。
社會 — 供應鏈管理
KPI B5.4 Description of practices used to promote environmentally 
preferable products and services when selecting suppliers, and 
how they are implemented and monitored.
Social — Supply Chain 
Management
關鍵績效指標 B5.4 描述在揀選供應商時促使多用環保產品及服務的慣例，以及相
關執行及監察方法。
社會 — 供應鏈管理
B6 Product 
Responsibility
Information on:
— the policies; and
— compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a 
significant impact on the issuer
relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy 
matters relating to products and services provided and methods of 
redress.
Social — Product 
Responsibility
B6 產品責任 有關所提供產品和服務的健康與安全、廣告、標籤及私隱事宜
以及補救方法的：
— 政策；及
— 遵守對發行人有重大影響的相關法律及規例的資料。
社會 — 產品責任
KPI B6.1 Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to recalls for 
safety and health reasons.
Due to the nature of the 
Group’s business, this is 
not material to the Group.
關鍵績效指標 B6.1 已售或已運送產品總數中因安全與健康理由而須回收的百分比。 由於本集團的業務性質，
故此對本集團並不重大。


--- Page 73 ---

71
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境 、 社會及管治報告
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
HKEx ESG Reporting Code General Disclosures & KPIs
Explanation/
Reference Section
香港交易所 ESG 報告守則一般披露事項及關鍵績效指標 闡釋╱參考部分
KPI B6.2 Number of products and service related complaints received and 
how they are dealt with.
Social — Product 
Responsibility
關鍵績效指標 B6.2 接獲關於產品及服務的投訴數目以及應對方法。 社會 — 產品責任
KPI B6.3 Description of practices relating to observing and protecting 
intellectual property rights.
Social — Product 
Responsibility
關鍵績效指標 B6.3 描述與維護及保障知識產權有關的慣例。 社會 — 產品責任
KPI B6.4 Description of quality assurance process and recall procedures. Due to the nature of the 
Group’s business, this is 
not material to the Group.
關鍵績效指標 B6.4 描述質量檢定過程及產品回收程序。 由於本集團的業務性質，
故此對本集團並不重大。
KPI B6.5 Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, how 
they are implemented and monitored.
Social — Product 
Responsibility
關鍵績效指標 B6.5 描述消費者資料保障及私隱政策，以及相關執行及監察方法。 社會 — 產品責任
B7 Anti-corruption Information on:
— the policies; and
— compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a 
significant impact on the issuer
relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering.
Social — Anti-corruption
B7 反貪污 有關防止賄賂、勒索、欺詐及洗黑錢的：
— 政策；及
— 遵守對發行人有重大影響的相關法律及規例的資料。
社會 — 反貪污
KPI B7.1 Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practices 
brought against the issuer or its employees during the reporting 
period and the outcomes of the cases.
Social — Anti-corruption
關鍵績效指標 B7.1 於匯報期內對發行人或其僱員提出並已審結的貪污訴訟案件的
數目及訴訟結果。
社會 — 反貪污
KPI B7.2 Description of preventive measures and whistle-blowing 
procedures, how they are implemented and monitored.
Social — Anti-corruption
關鍵績效指標 B7.2 描述防範措施及舉報程序，以及相關執行及監察方法。 社會 — 反貪污
KPI B7.3 Description of anti-corruption training provided to directors and 
staff.
Social — Anti-corruption
關鍵績效指標 B7.3 描述向董事及員工提供的反貪污培訓。 社會 — 反貪污


--- Page 74 ---

72 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
環境 、 社會及管治報告
HKEx ESG Reporting Code General Disclosures & KPIs
Explanation/
Reference Section
香港交易所 ESG 報告守則一般披露事項及關鍵績效指標 闡釋╱參考部分
B8 Community 
Investment
Policies on community engagement to understand the needs 
of the communities where the issuer operates and to ensure its 
activities take into consideration the communities’ interests.
Social — Community 
Investment
B8 社區投資 有關以社區參與來了解營運所在社區需要和確保其業務活動會
考慮社區利益的政策。
社會 — 社區投資
KPI B8.1 Focus areas of contribution (e.g. education, environmental 
concerns, labour needs, health, culture, sport).
Social — Community 
Investment
關鍵績效指標 B8.1 專注貢獻範疇（例如教育、環境關注、勞工需求、健康、文化及
體育）。
社會 — 社區投資
KPI B8.2 Resources contributed (e.g. money or time) to the focus area. Social — Community 
Investment
關鍵績效指標 B8.2 在專注範疇所動用資源（例如金錢或時間）。 社會 — 社區投資


--- Page 75 ---

73
Report of the Directors
董事會報告書
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
The Directors have pleasure in presenting the report of the Directors 
and the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company 
and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”) for the year ended 31 
December 2025.
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND BUSINESS REVIEW
The Company is an investment holding company which is a leading 
integrated film entertainment company in the markets where the 
principal activities of the Group consist of worldwide film and video 
distribution, film exhibition and the provision of advertising and 
consultancy services in Hong Kong and Singapore and film and 
television programmes production in Hong Kong and Mainland 
China. Further discussion and analysis of these activities as required 
by Schedule 5 to the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622), including a 
discussion of the principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group and 
an indication of likely future developments in the Group’s business, 
can be found in the Management Discussion and Analysis set out on 
pages 12 to 20 of this Annual Report. This discussion forms part of this 
Directors’ Report.
RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS
The Group’s results for the year ended 31 December 2025 and the state 
of affairs of the Company and the Group as at 31 December 2025 are 
set out in the financial statements on pages 97 to 158.
The Directors do not recommend the payment of any final dividend for 
the year ended 31 December 2025.
OTHER PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND 
RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
Details of movements in the other property, plant and equipment and 
right-of-use assets of the Group during the year ended 31 December 
2025 are set out in note 11 to the financial statements.
BANK LOANS
Particulars of bank loans of the Group as at 31 December 2025 are set 
out in note 20 to the financial statements.
董事欣然提呈董事會報告書以及本公司及其附
屬公司（統稱「本集團」）截至二零二五年十二月
三十一日止年度之經審核綜合財務報表。
主要業務及業務回顧
本公司為投資控股公司，且為市場中領先的綜合
電影娛樂公司。本集團主要業務包括在香港及新
加坡發行全球電影及影碟、經營影城、提供廣告
及諮詢服務，以及於香港及中國內地製作電影及
電視節目。根據《公司條例》（第 622 章）附表五之
規定，此等業務之進一步討論及分析（包括本集
團所面對主要風險及不明朗因素之討論，以及本
集團業務之可能未來發展）可參閱本年報第 12 至
20 頁所載管理層討論及分析。該討論為本董事會
報告書之組成部分。
業績及股息
本集團截至二零二五年十二月三十一日止年度之
業績，以及本公司與本集團於二零二五年十二月
三十一日之事務狀況載於第 159 至 220 頁之財務
報表。
董事並不建議派付截至二零二五年十二月三十一
日止年度之任何末期股息。
其他物業、廠房及設備及使用權資產
本集團其他物業、廠房及設備及使用權資產於截
至二零二五年十二月三十一日止年度之變動詳情
載於財務報表附註 11。
銀行貸款
本集團於二零二五年十二月三十一日之銀行貸款
詳情載於財務報表附註 20。


--- Page 76 ---

74 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Report of the Directors
董事會報告書
股本
本公司股本詳情載於財務報表附註 24。
優先購買權
本公司之公司細則或百慕達公司法例並無關於優
先購買權之規定，致使本公司須按比例向現有股
東發售新股。
五年財務資料摘要
SHARE CAPITAL
Details of the Company’s share capital are set out in note 24 to the 
financial statements.
PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s 
Bye-laws or the company laws of Bermuda which would oblige 
the Company to offer new shares on a pro rata basis to its existing 
shareholders.
FIVE-YEAR SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION
Year ended 
31 December
Year ended 
31 December
Year ended 
31 December
Year ended 
31 December
Year ended 
31 December
截至
十二月三十一日
止年度
截至
十二月三十一日
止年度
截至
十二月三十一日
止年度
截至
十二月三十一日
止年度
截至
十二月三十一日
止年度
2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
二零二五年 二零二四年 二零二三年 二零二二年 二零二一年
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
千港元 千港元 千港元 千港元 千港元
(Audited) (Audited) (Audited) (Audited) (Audited)
（經審核） （經審核） （經審核） （經審核） （經審核）
Consolidated income statement 綜合收益表
Revenue 收益 673,253 734,259 792,753 695,997 514,901
       
Profit/(loss) before taxation 除稅前溢利╱（虧損） 27,676 (158,177) (38,723) (46,685) (331,358)
Income tax credit/(expense) 所得稅抵免╱（開支） 28,701 (9,888) (7,791) 537 16,447
       
Profit/(loss) for the year 本年度溢利╱（虧損） 56,377 (242,642) (90,401) (46,148) (314,911)
       
Attributable to: 以下人士應佔：
— Equity holders of the Company — 本公司權益持有人 56,377 (242,642) (90,398) (46,146) (314,153)
— Non-controlling interests — 非控股權益 – – (3) (2) (758)
       
56,377 (242,642) (90,401) (46,148) (314,911)
       


--- Page 77 ---

75
Report of the Directors
董事會報告書
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
儲備
本公司及本集團於截至二零二五年十二月三十一
日止年度之儲備變動詳情分別載於財務報表附註
24 及綜合權益變動表。
As at 31 December
於十二月三十一日
 
2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
二零二五年 二零二四年 二零二三年 二零二二年 二零二一年
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’ 000 HK$’ 000 HK$’000
千港元 千港元 千港元 千港元 千港元
(Audited) (Audited) (Audited) (Audited) (Audited)
（經審核） （經審核） （經審核） （經審核） （經審核）
Consolidated statement of  
financial position
綜合財務狀況表
Right-of-use assets 使用權資產 375,282 726,127 1,438,157 1,457,853 1,691,267
Property, plant and equipment and 
investment property
物業、廠房及設備和 
投資物業 97,871 157,653 440,525 392,187 369,873
Interest in a joint venture 於一間合營企業之權益 – – 20,063 46,564 56,691
Other financial asset 其他金融資產 62 62 – – –
Other receivables, deposits and 
prepayments
其他應收款項、按金及
預付款項 12,404 16,245 41,478 35,967 44,413
Intangible assets 無形資產 462,450 436,610 627,205 523,214 521,675
Goodwill 商譽 475,034 568,959 589,848 576,917 573,933
Non-current portion of pledged bank 
deposits
已抵押銀行存款之 
非即期部分 – – – – 50,000
Current assets 流動資產 323,066 211,792 269,992 499,206 1,053,152
       
Total assets 資產總值 1,746,169 2,117,448 3,427,268 3,531,908 4,361,004
       
Current liabilities 流動負債 234,586 358,857 554,945 904,649 1,477,597
Non-current portion of bank loans 銀行貸款之非即期部分 – 156,016 335,078 – –
Non-current portion of lease liabilities 租賃負債之非即期部分 109,200 293,297 431,036 433,766 613,121
Non-current portion of deferred income 遞延收益之非即期部分 – – 502,704 535,323 583,120
Deferred tax liabilities 遞延稅項負債 114,244 138,981 142,199 140,678 142,683
Derivative financial liabilities 金融衍生負債 – 507 – – –
       
Total liabilities 負債總額 458,030 947,658 1,965,962 2,014,416 2,816,521
       
Net assets 資產淨值 1,288,139 1,169,790 1,461,306 1,517,492 1,544,483
Non-controlling interests 非控股權益 – – (1,246) (1,266) (1,377)
       
RESERVES
Details of movements in the reserves of the Company and of the Group 
during the year ended 31 December 2025 are set out in note 24 to the 
financial statements and in the consolidated statement of changes in 
equity, respectively.


--- Page 78 ---

76 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Report of the Directors
董事會報告書
可分派儲備
本公司於二零二五年十二月三十一日之可供現
金分派及╱或實物分派之儲備（指保留溢利）為
4,642,000 港 元（ 二 零 二 四 年：7,043,000 港 元 ）。
此外，本公司於二零二五年十二月三十一日之
股份溢價賬、繳入盈餘及股本贖回儲備合共為
1,059,279,000 港 元（ 二 零 二 四 年：1,059,279,000 港
元），根據百慕達一九八一年《公司法》第 54 條可
於若干情況下向本公司股東分派。
董事
截至二零二五年十二月三十一日止年度及截至本
報告日期在任董事為：
主席兼執行董事
伍克波
執行董事
鄒秀芳
伍智裕
彭博倫
孔敏茹
獨立非執行董事
梁民傑
黃斯穎
馮志文
根據本公司的公司細則第 86(2) 條， 自二零二五年
九月十六日起獲委任為本公司執行董事的伍智裕
先生（均為填補臨時空缺或增補董事會成員），其
任期將分別持續至其獲委任後本公司召開的首屆
股東大會為止，並符合資格於應屆股東週年大會
上重選連任。
根據本公司的公司細則，於每屆股東週年大會
上，當時三分之一的董事（或若其人數並非三 (3)
之倍數，則為最接近但不少於三分之一）須輪值
退任，惟每名董事須至少每三年退任一次。
根據本公司的公司細則第 87(1) 及 (2) 條，鄒秀芳
女士、彭博倫先生及梁民傑先生將於應屆股東週
年大會上退任，彼等全部均符合資格並願意重選
連任。
DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
As at 31 December 2025 the Company’s reserves available for cash 
distribution and/or distribution in specie, representing retained profits, 
amounted to HK$4,642,000 (2024: HK$7,043,000). In addition, the 
Company’s share premium account, contributed surplus and capital 
redemption reserve in an aggregate amount of HK$1,059,279,000 (2024: 
HK$1,059,279,000), as at 31 December 2025, may be distributed to the 
shareholders of the Company in certain circumstances prescribed by 
Section 54 of the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda.
DIRECTORS
The Directors during the year ended 31 December 2025 and up to the 
date of this report were:
Chairman & Executive Director
Wu Kebo
Executive Directors
Chow Sau Fong, Fiona 
Go Tomohiro
Peng Bolun
Kong Minru
Independent Non-executive Directors
Leung Man Kit 
Wong Sze Wing 
Fung Chi Man, Henry
In accordance with Bye-law 86(2) of the Bye-laws of the Company, 
Mr. Go Tomohiro who was appointed as executive Directors of the 
Company with effect from 16 September 2025, all of whom to fill 
casual vacancies or as an addition to the Board, shall respectively 
hold office until the first general meeting of the Company after his 
or her appointment and shall then be eligible for re-election at the 
forthcoming annual general meeting.
Pursuant to the Bye-laws of the Company, at each AGM one-third of 
the Directors for the time being (or, if their number is not a multiple of 
three (3), the number nearest to but not less than one-third) shall retire 
from office by rotation provided that every Director shall be subject to 
retirement at least once every three years.
In accordance with clauses 87(1) and (2) of the Company’s Bye-Laws, 
Ms. Chow Sau Fong, Fiona, Mr. Peng Bolun and Mr. Leung Man Kit 
will retire at the forthcoming annual general meeting and all of them, 
being eligible, offer themselves for re-election.


--- Page 79 ---

77
Report of the Directors
董事會報告書
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
本集團董事及首席執行官的履歷詳情載於本年報
第 4 至 9 頁。擬於本公司應屆股東週年大會上重
選連任之董事與本公司並無訂立不可由本公司於
一年內毋須支付法定賠償以外賠償予以終止之服
務合約。
有關董事資料之變動
除本年報「董事及首席執行官個人履歷」一節所
披露者外，截至二零二五年十二月三十一日止年
度，就根據上市規則第 13.51(2) 條第 (a) 至 (e) 及 (g)
段有關任何董事須予披露之任何資料概無變動。
管理合約
概無於年內訂立或存續有關本公司全部或任何大
部分業務之管理及行政之合約。
獲准許彌償條文
惠及董事之獲准許彌償條文現時及於整個財政年
度一直生效。本公司已就其董事及要員可能會面
對的法律訴訟投購合適及充足的保險。
買賣及贖回上市證券
截至二零二五年十二月三十一日止年度，本公司
並無贖回其任何上市證券。年內，本公司或其任
何附屬公司概無於香港聯合交易所有限公司（「聯
交所」）購回或出售本公司任何上市證券。
Biographical details of the Directors and the Chief Executive Officer of 
the Group are set out on pages 4 to 9 of this annual report. No Director 
proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting 
of the Company has entered into a service contract with the Company 
which is not determinable by the Company within one year without 
payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.
CHANGES TO INFORMATION IN RESPECT OF 
DIRECTORS
Save as disclosed in the section headed “Biographical Details of 
Directors and Chief Executive Officer” in this annual report, there 
was no change to any of the information required to be disclosed in 
relation to any Director pursuant to paragraphs (a) to (e) and (g) of rule 
13.51(2) of the Listing Rules for the year ended 31 December 2025.
MANAGEMENT CONTRACT
No contract concerning the management and administration of the 
whole or any substantial part of the business of the Company was 
entered into or existed during the year.
PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
A permitted indemnity provision for the benefit of the Directors is 
currently in force and was in force throughout the financial year. The 
Company has taken out and maintained appropriate and sufficient 
insurance cover in respect of potential legal actions against its Directors 
and officers.
PURCHASE, SALE AND REDEMPTION OF LISTED 
SECURITIES
The Company has not redeemed any of its listed securities during 
the year ended 31 December 2025. Neither the Company nor any of 
its subsidiaries has repurchase or sold any of the Company’s listed 
securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock 
Exchange”) during the year.


--- Page 80 ---

78 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Report of the Directors
董事會報告書
DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S 
INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, 
UNDERLYING SHARES OR DEBENTURES
As at 31 December 2025, the interests and short positions of the 
Directors and chief executive of the Company in shares, underlying 
shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated 
corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and 
Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) as recorded in the register required 
to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of Part XV of the 
SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange 
pursuant to the Model Code contained in the Listing Rules, were as 
follows:
Interests in shares of HK$0.10 each in the issued share 
capital of the Company (the “Shares”), underlying 
Shares and debentures of the Company
Name of Director/
Chief Executive
董事╱最高行政人員
姓名
Capacity
身份
Note
附註
Number of 
Shares
股份數目
Number of 
underlying 
Shares
相關股份數目
Total 
number of 
Shares and 
underlying Shares
股份及
相關股份總數
* Approximate 
percentage of 
Shares and 
underlying Shares 
in the issued 
share capital of 
the Company
* 股份及相關
股份於本公司
已發行股本中
所佔概約百分比
Wu Kebo Interest of controlled corporations 1 1,998,578,497 (L) – 1,998,578,497 (L) 71.39%
伍克波 受控法團權益
Go Tomohiro Beneficial owner 45,945,000 (L) – 45,945,000 (L) 1.64%
伍智裕 實益擁有人
Leung Man Kit Beneficial owner 370,000 (L) – 370,000 (L) 0.01%
梁民傑 實益擁有人
Wong Sze Wing Beneficial owner 170,000 (L) – 170,000 (L) 0.01%
黃斯穎 實益擁有人
* These percentages are computed based on the total number of Shares 
in issue (i.e. 2,799,669,050 Shares) as at 31 December 2025.
Note:
1. By virtue of the SFO, Mr. Wu was deemed to be interested in a total 
of 1,998,578,497 Shares, of which (i) 565,719,948 Shares were held by 
OSEG (a company which is 80% owned by Mr. Wu); and (ii) 1,432,858,549 
Shares were held by Mainway.
Abbreviation:
“L” stands for long position
Save as disclosed above and save for the disclosure referred to 
under “Share Option Schemes” set out below and in note 24 to the 
financial statements on pages 142 to 146 of this annual report, as at 
31 December 2025, none of the Directors and chief executive of the 
Company had any interests or short positions in Shares, underlying 
Shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated 
corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), as recorded 
in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 352 
of Part XV of the SFO or as otherwise notified to the Company and the 
Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.
董事及最高行政人員於股份、相關股份
或債權證之權益及淡倉
於二零二五年十二月三十一日，本公司董事及最
高行政人員於本公司或其任何相聯法團（定義見
證券及期貨條例（「證券及期貨條例」）第 XV 部）之
股份、相關股份或債權證中，擁有本公司須根據
證券及期貨條例第 XV 部第 352 條存置之登記冊所
記錄，或根據上市規則所載標準守則須知會本公
司及聯交所之權益及淡倉如下：
於本公司已發行股本中每股面值0.10 港元
股份（「股份」）、本公司之相關股份及債權證
之權益
* 該等百分比乃根據於二零二五年十二月三十一日已
發行股份總數（即 2,799,669,050 股股份）而計算。
附註：
(1) 根 據 證 券 及 期 貨 條 例， 伍 先 生 被 視 為 擁 有 共
1,998,578,497 股 股 份 權 益， 其 中 (i) 565,719,948 股
股 份 由 伍 先 生 擁 有 80% 股 權 的 公 司 橙 天 持 有； 及
(ii)1,432,858,549 股股份由 Mainway 持有。
縮略詞：
「L」指好倉
除上文披露者以及下文及本年報第 204 至 208 頁
財務報表附註 24 有關「購股權計劃」之披露事項
外，於二零二五年十二月三十一日，本公司各董
事及最高行政人員於本公司或其任何相聯法團（定
義見證券及期貨條例第 XV 部）之股份、相關股份
或債權證中並無擁有任何本公司須根據證券及期
貨條例第 XV 部第 352 條存置之登記冊所記錄，或
根據標準守則須知會本公司及聯交所之權益或淡
倉。


--- Page 81 ---

79
Report of the Directors
董事會報告書
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
退休福利計劃
本集團退休福利計劃之詳情載於綜合財務報表附
註 2。
董事購買股份或債權證之權利
除上文「董事及最高行政人員於股份、相關股份
或債權證之權益及淡倉」以及下文「購股權計劃」
各節披露者外，本公司或其任何附屬公司於截至
二零二五年十二月三十一日止年度任何時間概無
訂立任何安排，致使董事、彼等各自之配偶或未
滿十八歲子女可藉收購本公司或任何其他法人團
體之股份或債權證而獲益。
二零二零年購股權計劃
本公司採納二零二零年購股權計劃，旨在使本公
司可向合資格參與者授予購股權，作為彼等對本
集團發展作出貢獻之激勵或獎賞，並讓本集團更
具彈性地向合資格參與者提供獎賞、報酬、補償
及╱或提供褔利。二零二零年購股權計劃之合資
格參與者包括董事及本集團其他僱員、顧問或諮
詢者、分銷商、承包商、供應商、服務供應商、
代理、客戶及商業夥伴。二零二零年購股權計劃
自二零二零年六月十九日起生效，計劃如非被取
消或更改，將於該日期起計十年內具有十足效力。
每次向本公司關連人士或任何彼等之聯繫人授出
購股權，須先獲全體獨立非執行董事（身為購股
權承授人之獨立非執行董事除外）之批准。此外，
於截至授出購股權當日止任何 12 個月期間（包括
該日）向本公司主要股東或獨立非執行董事、或
任何彼等各自之聯繫人授出之任何購股權，如將
導致已授出或將授出予該等人士之所有購股權（包
括已行使、註銷及未行使之購股權）行使後已發
行或將發行之股份，多於授出購股權日期已發行
股份 0.1% 或總值（根據授出當日本公司股份之收
市價計算）多於 5,000,000 港元，須先獲本公司股
東於股東大會上按投票表決方式批准。
RETIREMENT BENEFIT SCHEMES
Details of retirement benefit schemes of the Group are set out in Note 
2 to the consolidated financial statements.
DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR 
DEBENTURES
Save as disclosed under the headings “Directors’ and Chief Executive’s 
Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares or 
Debentures” above and “Share Option Schemes” below, at no time 
during the year ended 31 December 2025 was the Company or any 
of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors, 
their respective spouses or children under 18 years of age to acquire 
benefits by means of the acquisition of Shares in or debentures of the 
Company or any other body corporate.
2020 SHARE OPTION SCHEME
The Company has adopted the 2020 Share Option Scheme for 
the purpose of enabling the Company to grant options to eligible 
participants as incentives or rewards for their contribution to the 
growth of the Group and to provide the Group with a more flexible 
means to reward, remunerate, compensate and/or provide benefits to 
the eligible participants. Eligible participants of the 2020 Share Option 
Scheme include the Directors and other employees of the Group, 
consultants or advisers, distributors, contractors, suppliers, service 
providers, agents, customers and business partners of the Group. The 
2020 Share Option Scheme became effective on 19 June 2020 and, 
unless otherwise cancelled or amended, will remain in force for a 
period of 10 years from that date.
Each grant of the share options to a connected person of the 
Company, or any of their associates, must be approved by all of the 
independent non-executive Directors (excluding the independent 
non-executive Director who is the grantee of the option). In addition, 
any grant of the share options to a substantial shareholder of the 
Company or an independent non-executive Director, or any of their 
respective associates which would result in the Shares issued or to be 
issued upon exercise of all options already granted and to be granted 
(including options exercised, cancelled and outstanding) to such 
person representing in aggregate over 0.1% of the Shares in issue on 
the date of the offer and with an aggregate value (based on the closing 
price of the Shares at the date of each grant) in excess of HK$5,000,000, 
within any 12-month period up to and including the date of the grant, 
shall be subject to approval of the shareholders of the Company in 
general meeting with voting to be taken by way of a poll.


--- Page 82 ---

80 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Report of the Directors
董事會報告書
按二零二零年購股權計劃授出購股權之建議必須
於董事會釐訂之期間供合資格參與者接納。有關
期間不得超過建議日期起計 30 日，而承授人並須
支付象徵式代價 1 港元。所授出購股權之行使期
乃由董事釐定，惟該行使期之結束日不得超過由
授出購股權當日起計十年。除董事另行決定及授
出有關購股權之建議另有規定外，並無一般規定
限制購股權必須於持有若干最短期限後方可行使。
承授人於行使購股權以認購股份之每股作價乃由
董事釐定，惟不得低於 (i) 於建議授出購股權當日
在聯交所每日報價表所示之每股收市價；(ii) 於緊
接建議當日前五個交易日在聯交所每日報價表所
示之每股平均收市價；及 (iii) 每股股份面值。
因行使根據二零二零年購股權計劃將授出之所有
購股權而可予發行之最高股數合共為於二零二零
年六月十九日（即採納二零二零年購股權計劃日
期）之本公司已發行股本 10%，即 279,966,905 股股
份。此外，於任何 12 個月期間內向個別合資格參
與者授出之購股權（包括二零二零年購股權計劃
項下已行使及未行使購股權）而已發行及將予發
行之最高股數，不得超過已發行股份 1%。倘於
截至該等購股權授出日止任何 12 個月期間（包括
該日）內額外授出超逾該上限之購股權（包括已行
使、註銷及未行使之購股權），則須個別在股東
大會上獲得本公司股東批准，而該等參與者及其
聯繫人須放棄投票。
The offer in relation to a grant of share options under the 2020 Share 
Option Scheme shall remain open for acceptance by the eligible 
participant concerned for such period as determined by the Board, 
which period shall not be more than 30 days from the day of the offer, 
upon payment of a nominal consideration of HK$1 by the grantee. The 
exercise period of the share options granted is determinable by the 
Directors, the expiry date of such period not to exceed 10 years from 
the date of the offer. Save as determined by the Directors and provided 
in the offer of the grant of the relevant share option, there is no general 
requirement that a share option must be held for any minimum period 
before it can be exercised.
The price per Share at which a grantee may subscribe for Shares on the 
exercise of a share option is determinable by the Directors, provided 
always that it shall be at least the higher of (i) the closing price per 
Share as stated in the daily quotation sheet of the Stock Exchange on 
the date of offer of grant of the share option; (ii) the average closing 
price per Share as stated in the daily quotation sheets of the Stock 
Exchange for the five trading days immediately preceding the date of 
the offer; and (iii) the nominal value of a Share.
The maximum number of Shares, a total of 279,966,905 Shares, will be 
issuable upon exercise of all share options that may be granted under 
the 2020 Share Option Scheme, representing 10% of the issued share 
capital of the Company as at as at 19 June 2020, being the date of 
adoption of the 2020 Share Option Scheme. In addition, the maximum 
number of Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of the share 
options granted to each eligible participant (including both exercised 
and outstanding options under the 2020 Share Option Scheme) in any 
12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the Shares in issue. Any further 
grant of share options in excess of such limit (including exercised, 
cancelled and outstanding options) in any 12-month period up to and 
including the date of grant of such share option shall be separately 
approved by the shareholders of the Company in general meeting 
with such participant and his associates abstaining from voting.


--- Page 83 ---

81
Report of the Directors
董事會報告書
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
董事於合約之權益
除本年報下文「關連交易」和「持續關連交易」所
披露者外，各董事概無在截至二零二五年十二月
三十一日止年度內或結算日於本公司或其任何附
屬公司訂立之任何重大合約中直接或間接擁有任
何重大權益。
董事於競爭業務的權益
截至二零二五年十二月三十一日，根據上市規
則，概無董事在與本集團業務直接或間接構成競
爭或可能構成競爭的業務中擁有權益。
股票掛鈎協議
除於本年報內披露之二零二零年購股權計劃外，
本公司於本年度並無訂立且於截至二零二五年
十二月三十一日止年度並無任何股票掛鈎協議，
將會或可能會導致本公司發行股份，或要求本公
司訂立任何將會或可能會導致本公司發行股份之
協議。
主要客戶及供應商
截至二零二五年十二月三十一日止年度，本集團
向其最大供應商及五大供應商採購之購貨額分別
佔本集團總購貨額約 14.37% 及 49.54%。
同期，本集團向其最大客戶及五大客戶售出之銷
售額則分別佔本集團總銷售額約 3.89% 及 6.74%。
各董事或彼等任何緊密聯繫人或就董事所深知擁
有本公司已發行股本 5% 以上之本公司股東並無
於本集團五大客戶及╱或供應商中擁有任何權益。
DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS
Except for the disclosure under the headings “Connected Transactions” 
and “Continuing Connected Transactions” below of this annual report, 
none of the Directors had any material interests, either directly or 
indirectly, in any contract of significance to which the Company or any 
of its subsidiaries was a party during or at the end of the year ended 31 
December 2025.
DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
As at 31 December 2025, none of the Directors had an interest in a 
business which competes or is likely to compete, either directly or 
indirectly, with the business of the Group pursuant to the Listing Rules.
EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
Other than the 2020 Share Option Scheme as disclosed in this annual 
report, no equity-linked agreements that will or may result in the 
Company issuing Shares or that require the Company to enter into any 
agreements that will or may result in the Company issuing Shares were 
entered into by the Company during the year or subsisted at the end 
of the year ended 31 December 2025.
MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group’s purchases 
from its largest supplier and its five largest suppliers accounted for 
approximately 14.37% and 49.54%, respectively, of the Group’s total 
purchases.
The Group’s sales to its largest customer and its five largest customers 
accounted for approximately 3.89% and 6.74%, respectively, of the 
Group’s total sales during the same period.
None of the Directors, or any of their close associates, or any of the 
shareholders of the Company (which to the best knowledge of the 
Directors own more than 5% of the Company’s issued share capital) 
had any interest in the Group’s five largest customers and/or suppliers.


--- Page 84 ---

82 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Report of the Directors
董事會報告書
主要股東及其他人士於股份及相關股份
之權益及淡倉
就董事所知，於二零二五年十二月三十一日，按
本公司根據證券及期貨條例第 XV 部第 336 條須存
置之登記冊所記錄，下列人士（董事或本公司最
高行政人員除外）於股份或相關股份中持有以下
權益或淡倉：
• 該 等 百 分 比 乃 根 據 本 公 司 於 二 零 二 五 年 十 二 月
三十一日已發行股份總數（即2,799,669,050股份）計算。
附註：
(1) 根 據 證 券 及 期 貨 條 例， 伍 先 生 被 視 為 擁 有 合 共
1,998,578,497 股 股 份 權 益， 其 中 (i) 565,719,948 股
股 份 由 伍 先 生 擁 有 80% 股 權 的 公 司 橙 天 持 有； 及
(ii)1,432,858,549 股股份由 Mainway 持有。
(2) 伍先生擁有 80% 股權之橙天擁有 565,719,948 股股份
權益。伍先生為橙天董事。
(3) Mainway 為伍先生全資擁有之公司，彼亦為 Mainway
董事。
縮略詞：
「L」指好倉
除上文披露者外，於二零二五年十二月三十一
日，按本公司根據證券及期貨條例第 XV 部第 336
條須存置之登記冊所記錄，概無其他人士於股份
或相關股份中擁有任何權益或淡倉。
SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER 
PERSONS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN 
SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
So far as is known to the Directors, as at 31 December 2025, the 
following persons, other than a Director or chief executive of the 
Company, had the following interests or short positions in the Shares 
or underlying Shares as recorded in the register required to be kept by 
the Company under Section 336 of Part XV of the SFO:
Name of
substantial shareholder
主要股東姓名
Capacity
身份
Note
附註
Number of Shares
股份數目
Number of 
underlying 
Shares
相關股份數目
Total number 
of Shares and 
underlying Shares
股份及相關
股份總數
*Approximate 
percentage of 
Shareholding in 
the Company
* 於本公司
股權中所佔
概約百分比
Wu Kebo
伍克波
Interest of controlled
 corporations
1 1,998,578,497 (L) – 1,998,578,497 (L) 71.39%
受控法團權益
Orange Sky Entertainment Group 
 (International) Holding Company 
 Limited (“OSEG”)
Beneficial owner
實益擁有人
2 565,719,948 (L) – 565,719,948 (L) 20.21%
橙天娛樂集團（國際）控股
 有限公司（「橙天」）
Mainway Enterprises Limited 
 (“Mainway”)
Beneficial owner 3 1,432,858,549 (L) – 1,432,858,549 (L) 51.18%
實益擁有人
* These percentages are computed based on the total number of Shares 
in issue of the Company (i.e. 2,799,669,050 Shares) as at 31 December 
2025.
Notes:
(1) By virtue of the SFO, Mr. Wu was deemed to have interest in a total of 
1,998,578,497 Shares, of which (i) 565,719,948 Shares were held by OSEG 
(a company which is 80% owned by Mr. Wu); and (ii) 1,432,858,549 
Shares were held by Mainway.
(2) OSEG (a company 80% owned by Mr. Wu) was interested in 565,719,948 
Shares. Mr. Wu is a director of OSEG.
(3) Mainway is a company wholly owned by Mr. Wu, who is also a director of 
Mainway.
Abbreviation:
“L” stands for long position
Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, no other person 
had an interest or a short position in Shares or underlying Shares as 
recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under 
Section 336 of Part XV of the SFO.


--- Page 85 ---

83
Report of the Directors
董事會報告書
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
關連交易
影院及酒店租賃協議
於二零一九年六月二十八日，江陰橙天企業（本
公司間接全資附屬公司，「租戶」）與江陰橙地（一
間於中國成立的有限公司，「業主」）分別訂立影
院租賃協議（「影院租賃協議」）及酒店租賃協議
（「酒店租賃協議」），內容分別有關租賃位於中國
江陰市夏港街道五星路之 597 及 599 號大樓 5、6
及 7 樓，總建築面積約為 17,124.49 平方米的影院
物業（「影院物業」）及位於中國江陰市橙天地廣場
1 號，總建築面積約為 14,188.57 平方米的酒店物
業（「酒店物業」），以供影院及酒店營運。有關影
院租賃協議及酒店租賃協議租期及租金的條款概
述如下：
CONNECTED TRANSACTION
Cinema and Hotel Lease Agreements
On 28 June 2019, OSGH Liuliu Enterprise, an indirect wholly-owned 
subsidiary of the Company, (the “Tenant”) entered into the a cinema 
lease agreement (the “Cinema Lease Agreement”) and a hotel lease 
agreement (the “Hotel Lease Agreement”) with Jiangyin Orange Land 
(the “Landlord”), a company established in the PRC with limited liability, 
in respect of leasing of cinema premises situated at floor 5, 6 and 7 
of the building units 597 and 599 at Wuxing Road, Xiagang Street, 
Jiangyin, PRC ( 中國江陰市夏港街道五星路 ), with a total gross floor 
area of approximately 17,124.49 square meters (the “Cinema Premises”) 
and hotel premises situated at Orange Sky Land Square One, Jiangyin, 
PRC ( 中 國 江 陰 市 橙 天 地 廣 場 1 號 ), with a total gross floor area of 
approximately 14,188.57 square meters (the “Hotel Premises”) for 
cinema and hotel operation respectively. The terms in relation to lease 
term and rent of the Cinema Lease Agreement and the Hotel Lease 
Agreement are summarized as follows:
Cinema Lease Agreement Hotel Lease Agreement
影院租賃協議 酒店租賃協議
Lease Term
租期
A term of 15 years, commencing from the date following the date of the actual delivery of the said 
premises by the Landlord to the Tenant (the “Lease Term”).
業主向租戶實際交付上述物業日期翌日起計為期 15 年（「租期」）。


--- Page 86 ---

84 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Report of the Directors
董事會報告書
Cinema Lease Agreement Hotel Lease Agreement
影院租賃協議 酒店租賃協議
Rent
租金
The amount payable by the Tenant to the 
Landlord for a particular rental year during the 
Lease Term is equivalent to (1) the yearly Fixed 
Cinema Lease Amount (as defined below), 
(2) the yearly Fixed Cinema Lease Amount 
and the Variable Cinema Lease Amount (as 
defined below) or (3) the yearly Fixed Cinema 
Lease Amount and the De Minimis Amount (as 
defined below) (as the case may be) (collectively, 
the “Cinema Rent”).
租戶就租期內特定租賃年度應付業主的
金額相當於 (1) 年度固定影院租賃款項（定
義見下文），(2) 年度固定影院租賃款項及
可變影院租賃款項（定義見下文）或 (3) 年
度固定影院租賃款項及最低款項（定義見
下文）（視情況而定）（統稱「影院租金」）。
Hotel Rent (the “Hotel Rent”)
A rate at RMB1.4 per square meter per day (the “Initial 
Hotel Rent Rate”) for the first three years from the date 
following the delivery of the Hotel Premises (the “Hotel 
Lease Initial Period”). During the Hotel Lease Initial 
Period, the yearly Hotel Rent (1) for the first rental year 
during the Lease Term shall amount to approximately 
RMB4,833,572.85 (inclusive of tax) taking into 
consideration of the rent exemption period (being 
the period of four months from the date following the 
delivery of the Hotel Premises) and (2) for the second 
and third rental year during the Hotel Lease Term shall 
amount to approximately RMB7,250,359.27 per year. 
The Initial Hotel Rent Rate will be increased by 8% 
every three years from the end of the Hotel Lease Initial 
Period during the Hotel Lease Term (the “Subsequent 
Hotel Rent Rate”).
酒店租金（「酒店租金」）
酒店物業交付翌日起計首三年（「酒店租賃初
期」）之費率為每日每平方米人民幣 1.4 元（「初
步 酒 店 租 金 費 率」）。於 酒 店 租 賃 初 期，年 度
酒店租金 (1) 就租期首個租賃年度約為人民幣
4,833,572.85 元（包括稅項），已計及免租期（即
自酒店物業交付日期翌日起計四個月期間）；
及 (2) 就酒店租期內第二及第三個租賃年度約為
每年人民幣 7,250,359.27 元。初步酒店租金費率
將於酒店租期內酒店租賃初期結束後每三年增
加 8%（「其後酒店租金費率」）。


--- Page 87 ---

85
Report of the Directors
董事會報告書
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
Cinema Lease Agreement Hotel Lease Agreement
影院租賃協議 酒店租賃協議
(a) Fixed Cinema Lease Amount (the “Fixed 
Cinema Lease Amount”)
(a) 固定影院租賃款項（「固定影院租賃
款項」）
A rate at RMB1.35 per square meter per day 
(the “Initial Cinema Rent Rate”) for the first 
three years from the date following the delivery 
of the Cinema Premises (the “Cinema Lease 
Initial Period”). During the Cinema Lease Initial 
Period, the yearly Fixed Cinema Lease Amount 
(1) for the first rental year during the Cinema 
Lease Term shall amount to approximately 
RMB5,625,394.97 (inclusive of tax) taking into 
consideration of the Cinema Rent Exemption 
Period and (2) for the second and third 
rental year during the Lease Term amount to 
approximately RMB8,438,092.45 (inclusive of 
tax) per year.
自影院物業交付翌日起計首三年（「影院租
賃初期」）之費率為每日每平方米人民幣 1.35
元（「初步影院租金費率」）。於影院租賃初
期，年度固定影院租賃款項 (1) 於影院租期
首個租賃年度將約為人民幣 5,625,394.97 元
（包括稅項），已計及影院免租期及 (2) 於租
期第二及第三個租賃年度約為每年人民幣
8,438,092.45 元（包括稅項）。
The Initial Cinema Rent Rate will be increased 
by 8% every three years from the end of 
the Cinema Lease Initial Period during the 
Cinema Lease Term (the “Subsequent Cinema 
Rent Rate”).
於影院租期內，初步影院租金費率將自
影院租賃初期結束後每三年增加 8%（「其
後影院租金費率」）。


--- Page 88 ---

86 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Report of the Directors
董事會報告書
Cinema Lease Agreement Hotel Lease Agreement
影院租賃協議 酒店租賃協議
(b) Variable Lease Amount (the “Variable Lease 
Amount”)
(b) 可變租賃款項（「可變租賃款項」）
In the event that the yearly cinema commission 
amount (as the case may be, the amount which 
is equivalent to: (i) 14% of the annual Net Box 
Office1 for each rental year during the first to 
the fifth rental year of the Lease Term; (ii) 15% of 
the annual Net Box Office1 for each rental year 
during the sixth to the tenth rental year of the 
Lease Term; or (iii) 16% of the annual Net Box 
Office1 for each rental year during the eleventh 
to the fifteenth rental year of the Lease Term) 
(the “Cinema Commission Amount”) exceeds 
the yearly Fixed Cinema Lease Amount for a 
particular rental year during the Lease Term, an 
amount equivalent to the difference between 
the yearly Cinema Commission Amount and 
the yearly Fixed Cinema Lease Amount shall be 
payable by the Tenant to the Landlord.
倘於租期內特定租賃年度的年度影院佣
金（視情況而定，有關金額相當於：(i) 於
租期內首年至第五年各租賃年度之年度
票 房 淨 額 14%；(ii) 於 租 期 內 第 六 至 第 十
年各租賃年度之年度票房淨額15%；或(iii)
於租期內第十一至第十五年各租賃年度
之年度票房淨額 16%）（「影院佣金」）超過
年度固定影院租賃款項，則租戶須向業
主支付相當於年度影院佣金與年度固定
影院租賃款項兩者間差額的款項。


--- Page 89 ---

87
Report of the Directors
董事會報告書
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
Cinema Lease Agreement Hotel Lease Agreement
影院租賃協議 酒店租賃協議
(c) De Minimis Amount (the“De Minimis 
Amount”)
(c) 最低款項（「最低款項」）
De Minimis Amount is the maximum amount 
which would render the entering into of the 
Cinema Lease Agreement with the payment 
of the Variable Cinema Lease Amount for a 
particular rental year during the Lease Term by 
the Tenant to the Landlord being constituted as 
a fully exempt continuing connected transaction 
under Rule 14A.76 of the Listing Rules.
最 低 款 項 為 根 據 上 市 規 則 第 14A.76 條，
導致訂立影院租賃協議中於租期內特定
年度租戶向業主支付可變影院租賃款項
構成獲全面豁免持續關連交易涉及之有
關最高金額。
Notwithstanding the above, in the event 
that (1) the yearly Cinema Commission 
Amount exceeds the yearly Fixed Cinema 
Lease Amount and (2) the yearly Variable 
Cinema Lease Amount exceeds the De 
Minimis Amount for a particular rental year 
during the Cinema Lease Term, the Tenant 
shall pay an amount equivalent to (1) the 
yearly Fixed Cinema Lease Amount and (2) 
the De Minimis Amount to the Landlord for 
the relevant rental year. As such, in the event 
that the Variable Lease Amount exceeds the 
De Minimis Amount for a particular rental 
year, the Variable Lease Amount payable by 
the Tenant for that particular rental year will 
be no more than the De Minimis Amount. 
The amount equivalent to the difference 
between the Variable Lease Amount and 
the De Minimis Amount will not be payable 
by the Tenant to the Landlord, unless the 
Company re-complies with the requirements 
under the Listing Rules.
儘管如此，於影院租期內特定租賃年度，
倘 (1) 年度影院佣金超逾年度固定影院租
賃款項及 (2) 年度可變影院租賃款項超逾
最低款項，租戶須於相關租賃年度向業
主支付相當於 (1) 年度固定影院租賃款項
及 (2) 最低款項的金額。因此，倘於特定
租賃年度的可變租賃款項超過最低款項，
則租戶於該特定租賃年度應付的可變租
賃款項將不超過最低款項。除非本公司
重新遵守上市規則的規定，否則租戶將
不會向業主支付相當於可變租賃款項與
最低款項兩者間差額的款項。
Note:
1. The box office minus the value-added tax and the Special State Film 
Undertaking Development Fund ( 國 家 電 影 專 項 資 金 ), amounting to 
5% of the box office, which may be subject to changes of the relevant 
regulations of the respective departments in the PRC.
附註：
1. 不包括增值稅及不包括國家電影專項資金之票房，
即票房之 5%，可按中國有關部門之有關規例予以變
動。


--- Page 90 ---

88 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Report of the Directors
董事會報告書
於影院租賃協議及酒店租賃協議日期，業主分別
由橙天地及北京橙地擁有 75% 及 25% 權益。橙天
地由伍克波先生間接全資擁有。北京橙地由北京
橙天全資擁有。北京橙天則由曾慶新（根據伍克
波先生之指示持有北京橙天之股權）持有 99% 股
權。伍 克 波 先 生 為 本 公 司 董 事 兼 控 股 股 東。因
此，業主（即伍克波先生之聯繫人）為本公司關連
人士。
根據香港財務報告準則第 16 號，作為承租人訂立
影院租賃協議及酒店租賃協議要求本集團須就固
定影院租賃款項及酒店租金將影院物業及酒店物
業確認為使用權資產，因此訂立有關固定影院租
賃款項及酒店租金的租賃協議以及其項下擬進行
交易將被視為本集團視作收購資產及關連交易。
根據上市規則第 14A 章，影院租賃協議項下固定
影院租賃款項、酒店租賃協議項下酒店租金及其
項下擬進行交易構成本公司的關連交易。
持續關連交易
截至二零二五年十二月三十一日止年度，本集團
曾與本公司關連人士（定義見上市規則）訂立以下
交易及安排：
影城租賃協議
茲提述上文「關連交易 — 影院及酒店租賃協議」
一段。
誠如上文所披露，倘於租期內特定租賃年度的年
度影院佣金超過年度固定影院租賃款項，則租戶
須向業主支付相當於年度影院佣金與年度固定
影院租賃款項兩者間差額的款項（即可變租賃款
項）。此外，根據影院租賃協議，應付物業管理
服務費初步按業主於首三個租賃年度（「初步管理
費期間」）在影院物業提供物業管理服務之費率每
日每平方米人民幣 0.5 元計算（「初步管理費」），
即 (1) 於租期首個租賃年度將約人民幣 2,083,479.62
元（包括水費、空調費用及稅項）及 (2) 於租期第二
及第三個租賃年度每年約人民幣3,125,219.43元（包
括水費、空調費用及稅項）。初步管理費將自初
步管理費期間結束後每三年增加 8%。
As at the date of the Cinema Lease Agreement and the Hotel Lease 
Agreement, the Landlord was owned as 75% by Orange Sky Land and 
25% by Beijing Orange Land. Orange Sky Land was indirect wholly- 
owned by Mr. Wu Kebo. Beijing Orange Land was wholly-owned 
by Beijing Orange Sky, which was in turn held as to 99% by Zeng 
Qingxin (who held the shareholding interests in Beijing Orange Sky in 
accordance to the instructions of Mr. Wu Kebo). Mr. Wu Kebo was the 
Director and controlling shareholder of the Company. Accordingly, the 
Landlord, being the associate of Mr. Wu Kebo was a connected person 
of the Company.
Pursuant to HKFRS 16, the entering into of the Cinema Lease 
Agreement and the Hotel Lease Agreement as a lessee will require the 
Group to recognise the Cinema Premises and the Hotel Premises as 
the right-of-use assets in relation to the Fixed Cinema Lease Amount 
and the Hotel Rent, thus the entering into of the Lease Agreements 
with the Fixed Cinema Lease Amount and the Hotel Rent and the 
transactions contemplated thereunder will be regarded as deemed 
acquisition of assets and connected transactions by the Group. The 
Fixed Cinema Lease Amount under the Cinema Lease Agreement, the 
Hotel Rent under the Hotel Lease Agreement and the transactions 
contemplated thereunder constituted connected transactions for the 
Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group has entered into 
and engaged in the following transactions and arrangements with 
connected persons (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company:
Cinema Lease Agreement
Reference is made to the paragraph headed “Connected Transactions
— Cinema and Hotel Lease Agreements” above.
As disclosed above, in the event that the yearly Cinema Commission 
Amount exceeds the yearly Fixed Cinema Lease Amount for a 
particular rental year during the Lease Term, an amount equivalent to 
the difference between the yearly Cinema Commission Amount and 
the yearly Fixed Cinema Lease Amount shall be payable by the Tenant 
to the Landlord (i.e. the Variable Lease Amount). In addition, pursuant 
to the Cinema Lease Agreement, the property management service 
fee payable is initially at a rate of RMB0.5 per square meter per day for 
the property management services at the Cinema Premises (the “Initial 
Management Fee”) provided by the Landlord for the first three rental 
years (the “Initial Management Fee Period”), which amounts to (1) 
approximately RMB2,083,479.62 (inclusive of water and air conditioning 
bills and tax) for the first rental year during the Lease Term and (2) 
approximately RMB3,125,219.43 (inclusive of water and air conditioning 
bills and tax) per year for the second and third rental year during the 
Lease Term. The Initial Management Fee will be increased by 8% every 
three years from the end of Initial Management Fee Period.


--- Page 91 ---

89
Report of the Directors
董事會報告書
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
於影院租賃協議日期，業主分別由橙天地及北京
橙地擁有 75% 及 25% 權益。橙天地由伍克波先生
間接全資擁有。北京橙地由北京橙天全資擁有。
北京橙天則由曾慶新（根據伍克波先生之指示持
有北京橙天之股權）持有 99% 股權。伍克波先生
為本公司董事兼控股股東。因此，業主（即伍克
波先生之聯繫人）為本公司關連人士。根據香港
財務報告準則第 16 號，作為承租人訂立影院租
賃協議將要求本集團將與銷售掛鈎之可變影院租
賃款項確認為本集團於影院租賃協議年期內產生
之開支，故訂立涉及可變影院租賃款項之影院租
賃協議及其項下擬進行交易將根據上市規則第
14A.31 條被視為持續關連交易。此外，根據上市
規則第 14A.31 條，業主根據影院租賃協議委任之
影院物業經理在影院物業提供物業管理服務亦構
成持續關連交易。
截至二零二五年十二月三十一日止年度，本集團
向業主支付的總金額為零港元，於年度上限人民
幣 6,006,815.05 元（相當於 6,545,626.36 港元）的範圍
內。
董事確認
董事（包括非執行董事）已審閱持續關連交易，
並確認該等交易乃於本集團日常及一般業務過程
中，按一般商業條款或不遜於獨立第三方獲提供
或向本集團提供之條款，並根據規管該等交易之
有關協議進行，且條款均屬公平合理，符合本公
司股東整體利益。
據本公司核數師告知，其並無注意到任何事宜致
使其相信持續關連交易：
(a) 未有獲董事會批准；
(b) 涉及提供商品或服務之交易於各重大方面
並未按照本集團定價政策進行；
(c) 於各重大方面並未根據規管該等交易之相
關協議條款訂立；及
(d) 超出本公司相關公佈所披露截至二零二五
年十二月三十一日止財政年度之相關金額
上限（如適用）。
As at the date of the Cinema Lease Agreement, the Landlord was 
owned as 75% by Orange Sky Land and 25% by Beijing Orange Land. 
Orange Sky Land was indirect wholly-owned by Mr. Wu Kebo. Beijing 
Orange Land was wholly owned by Beijing Orange Sky, which was 
in turn held as to 99% by Zeng Qingxin (who held the shareholding 
interests in Beijing Orange Sky in accordance to the instructions of Mr. 
Wu Kebo). Mr. Wu Kebo was the Director and controlling shareholder 
of the Company. Accordingly, the Landlord, being the associate of Mr. 
Wu Kebo was a connected person of the Company. Pursuant to HKFRS 
16, the entering into of the Cinema Lease Agreement as a lessee will 
require the Group to recognize the Variable Cinema Lease Amount 
linked to sales to be recognized as expenses incurred by the Group 
over the term of the Cinema Lease Agreement, thus the entering 
into of the Cinema Lease Agreement with the Variable Cinema Lease 
Amount and the transactions contemplated thereunder will be 
regarded as a continuing connected transaction under Rule 14A.31 of 
the Listing Rules. In addition, the provision of property management 
services at the Cinema Premises by the cinema property manager 
appointed by the Landlord under the Cinema Lease Agreements also 
constitutes continuing connected transactions under Rule 14A.31 of 
the Listing Rules.
The aggregate amount paid by the Group to the Landlord for the year 
ended 31 December 2025 amounted to HK$nil, which was within the 
annual cap of RMB6,006,815.05 (equivalent to HK$6,545,626.36).
Confirmation from Directors
The Directors, including the non-executive Directors, have reviewed 
the continuing connected transactions and confirmed that the 
transactions were entered into in the ordinary and usual course of the 
business of the Group, on normal commercial terms or on terms no 
less favourable to the Group than terms to or from independent third 
parties, and in accordance with the relevant agreements governing 
them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the 
shareholders of the Company as a whole.
The auditors of the Company have advised that nothing has come to 
their attention that caused them to believe the continuing connected 
transactions:
(a) have not been approved by the Board;
(b) were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing 
policies of the Group for transactions involving the provision of 
goods or services;
(c) have not been entered into, in all material respects, in 
accordance with the terms of the relevant agreement governing 
the transactions; and
( d ) the relevant cap amounts disclosed in the relevant  
announcements of the Company, where applicable, have been 
exceeded during the financial year ended 31 December 2025.


--- Page 92 ---

90 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Report of the Directors
董事會報告書
該等其他關連交易及╱或持續關連交易構成上市
規則所界定低額交易，獲豁免遵守申報、公告、
獨立股東批准及（就持續關連交易而言）年度審閱
之規定。獨立非執行董事亦已審閱並確認該等其
他關連交易及╱或持續關連交易乃於本集團日常
及一般業務過程中，按一般商業條款或不遜於獨
立第三方獲提供或向本集團提供之條款，並根據
規管該等交易之有關協議進行，且條款均屬公平
合理，符合本公司股東整體利益。
企業管治
截至二零二五年十二月三十一日止年度，企業管
治報告載於本年報第 21 至 37 頁。
獨立性之確認
本公司已接獲各獨立非執行董事按照上市規則第
3.13 條發出其每年之獨立性確認書，並認為全體
獨立非執行董事均具獨立性。
環境保護
本公司環境政策及社區參與詳情載於本年報環
境、社會及管治報告一節。
薪酬政策
本集團僱員之薪酬乃經參照市場、個人表現及彼
等各自對本集團之貢獻釐定。本集團已設立二零
二零年購股權計劃作為長期獎勵計劃，詳情載於
本年報第 204 至 208 頁之財務報表附註 24。
董事酬金須由本公司薪酬委員會建議及獲董事會
批准。其他薪酬（包括酌情花紅及購股權）經由董
事會參考各董事之職務、能力、聲望及表現而釐
定。
足夠公眾持股量
於本報告日期，按照本公司可公開獲取之資料及
據董事所知，本公司已發行股本維持足夠公眾持
股量。
The other connected transactions and/or continuing connected 
transactions constituted de minimis transactions as defined in the 
Listing Rules and were exempt from the reporting, announcement, 
independent shareholders’ approval, and in the case of continuing 
connected transactions, the annual review requirements. The 
independent non-executive Directors have also reviewed and 
confirmed that these other connected transactions and/or continuing 
connected transactions have been entered into in the ordinary and 
usual course of the business of the Group, on normal commercial 
terms or on terms no less favourable to the Group than terms to or 
from independent third parties, and in accordance with the relevant 
agreements governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and 
in the interests of the shareholders of the Company as a whole.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Corporate Governance 
Report is set out on pages 21 to 37 of the annual report.
INDEPENDENCE CONFIRMATION
The Company has received from each of the independent non- 
executive Directors an annual confirmation of independence pursuant 
to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and considers all the independent non- 
executive Directors to be independent.
ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION
Details of the Company’s environmental policy and community 
involvement are set out in the Environmental, Social and Governance 
Report Section in this annual report.
EMOLUMENT POLICY
Remuneration of the employees of the Group is made/determined by 
reference to the market, individual performance and their respective 
contribution to the Group. As a long-term incentive, the 2020 Share 
Option Scheme is in place and the details of which are set out above 
and in note 24 to the financial statements on pages 142 to 146 of this 
annual report.
Directors’ emoluments are subject to the recommendations of the 
remuneration committee of the Company and the Board’s approval. 
Other emoluments including discretionary bonus and share option, are 
determined by the Board with reference to Directors’ duties, abilities, 
reputation and performance.
SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and 
within the knowledge of the Directors, the Company has maintained 
sufficient public float of the Company’s issued share capital as of the 
date of this report.


--- Page 93 ---

91
Report of the Directors
董事會報告書
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
捐獻
截至二零二五年十二月三十一日止年度，本集團
於香港作出之慈善及其他捐款合共為零港元。
核數師
截至二零二五年十二月三十一日止年度之財務報
表已經由畢馬威會計師事務所（「畢馬威」）審核，
而畢馬威將會退任，惟符合資格並將願意於本公
司應屆股東週年大會上獲續聘。於應屆股東週年
大會上將提呈決議案以續聘畢馬威為本公司核數
師。
代表董事會
主席
伍克波
香港
二零二六年三月三十日
DONATIONS
During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group has made 
charitable and other donations in Hong Kong totalling HK$nil.
AUDITORS
The financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025 have 
been audited by Messrs. KPMG (“KPMG”) who will retire and being 
eligible, will offer themselves for reappointment at the forthcoming 
annual general meeting of the Company. A resolution will be 
submitted at the forthcoming annual general meeting to re-appoint 
KPMG as auditors of the Company.
ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD
Wu Kebo
Chairman
Hong Kong
30 March 2026


--- Page 94 ---

92 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Independent Auditor’s Report
獨立核數師報告
to the shareholders of 
Orange Sky Golden Harvest Entertainment (Holdings) Limited
(incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)
OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Orange Sky 
Golden Harvest Entertainment (Holdings) Limited (“the Company”) 
and its subsidiaries (“the Group”) set out on pages 97 to 158, which 
comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 
December 2025, the consolidated income statement, the consolidated 
statement of comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of 
changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for 
the year then ended and notes, comprising material accounting policy 
information and other explanatory information.
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and 
fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 31 
December 2025 and of its consolidated financial performance and its 
consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with 
HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the Hong Kong Institute 
of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly 
prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong 
Kong Companies Ordinance.
BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on 
Auditing (“HKSAs”) as issued by the HKICPA. Our responsibilities under 
those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for 
the audit of the consolidated financial statements  section of our report. 
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s 
Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants  (“the Code”), as applicable 
to audits of the consolidated financial statements of public interest 
entities. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in 
accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we 
have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
opinion.
KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, 
were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial 
statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in 
the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a 
whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a 
separate opinion on these matters.
致橙天嘉禾娛樂（集團）有限公司
（於百慕達註冊成立之有限公司）
股東
意見
本核數師（以下簡稱「我們」）已審計列載於第 159
至 220 頁的橙天嘉禾娛樂（集團）有限公司（「貴公
司」）及其附屬公司（以下統稱「貴集團」）的綜合財
務報表，此綜合財務報表包括於二零二五年十二
月三十一日的綜合財務狀況表與截至該日止年度
的綜合收益表、綜合全面收益表、綜合權益變動
表及綜合現金流量表以及綜合財務報表附註，包
括重大會計政策資訊及其他解釋資訊。
我們認為，該等綜合財務報表已根據香港會計師
公會頒佈的《香港財務報告會計準則》真實而中肯
地反映 貴集團於二零二五年十二月三十一日的
綜合財務狀況及截至該日止年度的綜合財務表現
及綜合現金流量，並已遵照香港《公司條例》的披
露要求妥為擬備。
意見的基礎
我們已根據香港會計師公會頒佈的《香港審計準
則》進行審計。我們在該等準則下承擔的責任已
在 本 報 告「核 數 師 就 審 計 綜 合 財 務 報 表 承 擔 的
責任 」部分中作進一步闡述。根據香港會計師公
會頒佈的《專業會計師道德守則 》（以下簡稱「守
則」），守則適用於公眾利益實體的財務報表審
核，我們獨立於 貴集團。我們亦已履行該守則
中的其他專業道德責任。我們相信，我們所獲得
的審計憑證能充足及適當地為我們的審計意見提
供基礎。
關鍵審計事項
關鍵審計事項是根據我們的專業判斷，認為對本
期綜合財務報表的審計最為重要的事項。這些事
項是在我們審計整體綜合財務報表及出具意見時
進行處理的。我們不會對這些事項提供單獨的意
見。


--- Page 95 ---

93
Independent Auditor’s Report
獨立核數師報告
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
Impairment assessment of goodwill and trademarks with indefinite useful lives
對商譽及無限可使用年期之商標潛在減值的評估
Refer to note 14 and 15 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on note 2(k).
請參閱綜合財務報表附註 14 及 15 及第 2(k) 頁的會計政策。
The Key Audit Matter How the matter was addressed in our audit
關鍵審計事項 我們的審計如何處理該事項
The carrying values of the Group’s goodwill and trademarks 
with indefinite useful lives which amounted to HK$475,034,000 
and HK$460,560,000 respectively as at 31 December 2025 were 
allocated to the cash generating unit (“CGU”) of exhibition and 
distribution business in Singapore.
貴集團於二零二五年十二月三十一日賬面值分別為 475,034,000 港
元及 460,560,000 港元的商譽及無限可使用年期之商標獲分配至新
加坡的影城及發行業務的現金產生單位（「現金產生單位」）。
Management performs an annual impairment assessment of 
goodwill and trademarks with indefinite useful lives by assessing 
their value in use by preparing a discounted cash flow forecast 
and comparing the net present value of the cash flow forecast 
with carrying value of the CGU to determine if any impairment is 
required.
管理層每年對商譽及無限可使用年期之商標進行減值評估，方法
為通過編製貼現現金流量預測及將現金流量預測的淨現值與現金
產生單位的賬面值進行比較來評估彼等的使用價值，從而釐定是
否需要作出任何減值。
Based on the impairment assessment, an impairment loss of 
HK$126,058,000 was recognised on goodwill for the year ended 31 
December 2025.
根據減值評估，截至二零二五年十二月三十一日止年度，已就商
譽確認減值虧損 126,058,000 港元。
Management is required to exercise significant judgement in 
estimating the future revenue and future gross margins to be 
generated from movies to be distributed or produced by the Group 
in Singapore. The movie market is dynamic and the reception of 
the market to the Group’s movies is inherently uncertain.
管理層於估計 貴集團於新加坡將予發行或製作的電影產生的未
來收益及未來毛利率時須行使重大判斷。電影市場表現不斷變
化，而市場對 貴集團電影的接受程度存在固有的不確定性。
We identified impairment assessment of goodwill and trademarks 
with indefinite useful lives as a key audit matter because of the 
significance of the assets under review and the determination of 
key assumptions by management involves significant estimates 
and judgement and is subject to potential management bias.
鑒於所審查資產的重要性，且管理層在確定關鍵假設時涉及重大
估計與判斷，並可能受到管理層偏見的影響，我們將對商譽及無
限可使用年期之商標進行減值評估列為關鍵審計事項。
Our audit procedures in relation to the impairment assessment of 
goodwill and trademarks with indefinite useful lives included the 
following:
我們就商譽及無限可使用年期之商標進行減值評估所採取的審計
程序包括以下各項：
•	 evaluating	 management’s	 identification	 of	 the	 CGU,	 the	
amount of goodwill, trademarks with indefinite useful lives 
and other assets allocated to the CGU and the methodology 
adopted in the impairment assessment with reference to 
the requirement of the prevailing accounting standards;
 參考現行會計準則的規定，評價管理層對現金產生單位的
識別方式、分配至現金產生單位的商譽、無限可使用年期
之商標及其他資產金額以及評估減值時採用的方法；
•	 with	 the	 assistance	 of	 our	 internal	 valuation	 specialists, 	
comparing the most significant inputs used in the 
discounted cash flow forecast, including future revenue and 
future gross margins, with the historical performance of the 
CGU and assessing these inputs with reference to industry 
forecasts and statistics, and evaluating the discount rate 
used in the cash flow forecast by benchmarking against 
other similar companies in the same industry;
 在我們的內部估值專家的協助下，將貼現現金流量預測中
使用的最重大輸入數據（包括未來收益及未來毛利率）與現
金產生單位的過往表現進行比較，並參考行業預測及統計
數據評估該等輸入數據；及參照同業其他同類公司評價現
金流量預測中使用的貼現率；
•	 performing	 sensitivity	 analysis	 of	 the	 discount	 rate,	 future	
revenue and gross profit margin, and considering the 
resulting impact on management’s conclusion in respect 
of the impairment assessment and whether there were any 
indicators of management bias; and
 對貼現率、未來收益及毛利率進行敏感度分析，並考慮對
管理層有關減值評估的結論產生的影響及是否存在管理層
偏見的跡象；及
•	 assessing	 the	 disclosures	 in	 the	 consolidated	 financial 	
statements in respect of the impairment assessment of 
goodwill and trademarks with indefinite useful lives with 
reference to the requirements of the prevailing accounting 
standards.
 參考現行會計準則的規定，評估綜合財務報表有關商譽及
無限可使用年期之商標減值評估的披露的合理性。


--- Page 96 ---

94 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Independent Auditor’s Report
獨立核數師報告
INFORMATION OTHER THAN THE 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND 
AUDITOR’S REPORT THEREON
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other 
information comprises all the information included in the annual 
report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our 
auditor’s report thereon.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not 
cover the other information and we do not express any form of 
assurance conclusion thereon as part of our engagement to audit the 
consolidated financial statements. We have performed an assurance 
engagement on the disclosed continuing connected transactions that 
form part of the other information and provided a separate assurance 
practitioner’s conclusion thereon that is included within the other 
information.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, 
our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, 
consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with 
the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in 
the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is 
a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to 
report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated 
financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance 
with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the HKICPA and the 
disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and 
for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to 
enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are 
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are 
responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going 
concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern 
and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors 
either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no 
realistic alternative but to do so.
The directors are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their 
responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.
綜合財務報表及其核數師報告以外的信
息
董事需對其他信息負責。其他信息包括刊載於年
報內的全部信息，但不包括綜合財務報表及我們
的核數師報告。
我們對綜合財務報表出具的意見並不涵蓋其他信
息，且在審計綜合財務報表的工作中，我們亦不
對該等其他信息發表任何形式的鑒證結論。我們
已經對構成其他信息一部分的已披露持續關連交
易執行了鑒證業務，同時單獨出具了鑒證從業人
員的結論，並納入其他信息。
結合我們對綜合財務報表的審計，我們的責任是
閱讀其他信息，在此過程中，考慮其他信息是否
與綜合財務報表或我們在審計過程中所了解的情
況存在重大抵觸或者似乎存在重大錯誤陳述的情
況。
基於我們已執行的工作，如果我們認為其他信息
存在重大錯誤陳述，我們需要報告該事實。在這
方面，我們沒有任何報告。
董事就綜合財務報表承擔的責任
董事須負責根據香港會計師公會頒佈的《香港財
務報告會計準則》及香港《公司條例》的披露要求
擬備真實而中肯的綜合財務報表，並對其認為為
使綜合財務報表的擬備不存在由於欺詐或錯誤而
導致的重大錯誤陳述所需的內部控制負責。
在擬備綜合財務報表時，董事負責評估 貴集團
持續經營的能力，並在適用情況下披露與持續經
營有關的事項，以及使用持續經營為會計基礎，
除非董事有意將 貴集團清盤或停止經營，或別
無其他實際的替代方案。
審核委員會協助董事履行監督 貴集團的財務報
告過程的責任。


--- Page 97 ---

95
Independent Auditor’s Report
獨立核數師報告
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF 
THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the 
consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s 
report that includes our opinion. This report is made solely to you, as 
a body, in accordance with Section 90 of the Bermuda Companies 
Act 1981, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility 
towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this 
report.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a 
guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will 
always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements 
can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually 
or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence 
the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these 
consolidated financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional 
judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. 
We also:
•	 Identify	 and	 assess	 the	 risks	 of	 material	 misstatement	 of	 the	
consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, 
design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, 
and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate 
to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a 
material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for 
one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, 
intentional omissions, misrepresentations or the override of 
internal control.
•	 Obtain	 an	understanding	of	internal	control	relevant	to	the	audit	
in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the 
circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion 
on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.
•	 Evaluate	 the	 appropriateness	 of	 accounting	 policies	 used 	
and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 
disclosures made by the directors.
•	 Conclude	 on	 the	 appropriateness	 of	 the	 directors’	 use	 of	 the	
going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit 
evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related 
to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the 
Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude 
that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw 
attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in 
the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are 
inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based 
on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s 
report. However, future events or conditions may cause the 
Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
核數師就審計綜合財務報表承擔的責任
我們的目標，是對綜合財務報表整體是否不存在
由於欺詐或錯誤而導致的重大錯誤陳述取得合理
保證，並出具包括我們意見的核數師報告。我們
是按照百慕達一九八一年《公司法》第 90 條的規
定，僅向整體股東報告。除此以外，我們的報告
不可用作其他用途。我們概不就本報告的內容，
對任何其他人士負責或承擔法律責任。
合理保證是高水平的保證，但不能保證按照《香
港審計準則》進行的審計，在某一重大錯誤陳述
存在時總能發現。錯誤陳述可以由欺詐或錯誤引
起，如果合理預期它們單獨或匯總起來可能影響
綜合財務報表使用者依賴財務報表所作出的經濟
決定，則有關的錯誤陳述可被視作重大。
在根據《香港審計準則》進行審計的過程中，我
們運用了專業判斷，保持了專業懷疑態度。我們
亦：
• 識別和評估由於欺詐或錯誤而導致綜合財
務報表存在重大錯誤陳述的風險，設計及
執行審計程序以應對這些風險，以及獲取
充足和適當的審計憑證，作為我們意見的
基礎。由於欺詐可能涉及串謀、偽造、蓄
意遺漏、虛假陳述，或凌駕於內部控制之
上，因此未能發現因欺詐而導致的重大錯
誤陳述的風險高於未能發現因錯誤而導致
的重大錯誤陳述的風險。
• 了解與審計相關的內部控制，以設計適當
的審計程序，但目的並非對 貴集團內部
控制的有效性發表意見。
• 評價董事所採用會計政策的恰當性及作出
會計估計和相關披露的合理性。
• 對董事採用持續經營會計基礎的恰當性作
出結論。根據所獲取的審計憑證，確定是
否存在與事項或情況有關的重大不確定性，
從而可能導致對 貴集團的持續經營能力
產生重大疑慮。如果我們認為存在重大不
確定性，則有必要在核數師報告中提請使
用者注意綜合財務報表中的相關披露。假
若有關的披露不足，則我們應當發表非無
保留意見。我們的結論是基於截至核數師
報告日期止所取得的審計憑證。然而，未
來事項或情況可能導致 貴集團不能持續
經營。


--- Page 98 ---

96 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Independent Auditor’s Report
獨立核數師報告
•	 Evaluate 	the	overall	presentation, 	structure	and	content	of	the	
consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, and 
whether the consolidated financial statements represent the 
underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves 
fair presentation.
•	 Plan 	 and 	 perform 	 the 	 group 	 audit 	 to 	 obtain 	 sufficient 	
appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information 
of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for 
forming an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. 
We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of 
the audit work performed for purposes of the group audit. We 
remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other 
matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant 
audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control 
that we identify during our audit.
We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have 
complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence 
and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that 
may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence and, where 
applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.
From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we 
determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit 
of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and 
are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our 
auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure 
about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we 
determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report 
because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably 
be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such 
communication.
The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent 
auditor’s report is Lau Tai Cheong (practising certificate number: 
P05976).
KPMG
Certified Public Accountants
8th Floor, Prince’s Building
10 Chater Road
Central, Hong Kong
30 March 2026
• 評價綜合財務報表的整體列報方式、結構
和內容，包括披露，以及綜合財務報表是
否中肯反映相關交易和事項。
• 計劃及執行集團審計，以獲取關於 貴集
團內實體或業務單位財務信息的充足和適
當的審計憑證，作為綜合財務報表形成審
計意見的基礎。我們負責指導、監督和覆
核為集團審計而執行的審計工作。我們為
審計意見承擔全部責任。
除其他事項外，我們與審核委員會溝通了計劃的
審計範圍、時間安排、重大審計發現等，包括我
們在審計中識別出內部控制的任何重大缺陷。
我們還向審核委員會提交聲明，說明我們已符合
有關獨立性的相關專業道德要求，並與他們溝通
有可能合理地被認為會影響我們獨立性的所有關
係和其他事項，以及為消除對獨立性的威脅所採
取的行動或防範措施（如適用）。
從與審核委員會溝通的事項中，我們確定哪些事
項對本期綜合財務報表的審計最為重要，因而構
成關鍵審計事項。我們在核數師報告中描述這些
事項，除非法律法規不允許公開披露這些事項，
或在極端罕見的情況下，如果合理預期在我們報
告中溝通某事項造成的負面後果超過產生的公眾
利益，我們決定不應在報告中溝通該事項。
出具本獨立核數師報告的審計項目合夥人是劉大
昌（執業證書編號：P05976）。
畢馬威會計師事務所
執業會計師
香港中環
遮打道十號
太子大廈八樓
二零二六年三月三十日


--- Page 99 ---

97
for the year ended 31 December 2025
Consolidated Income Statement
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
2025 2024
Notes HK$’000 HK$’000
Continuing operations
Revenue 3 & 4 673,253 734,259
Cost of sales (225,794) (250,050)
    
Gross profit 447,459 484,209
Other revenue 5(a) 122,672 32,083
Other net income/(loss) 5(b) 14,116 (18,255)
Selling and distribution costs (365,162) (423,849)
General and administrative expenses (44,583) (64,024)
Other operating expenses (130,205) (129,560)
    
Profit/(loss) from operations 44,297 (119,396)
Finance costs 6(a) (16,621) (38,781)
    
Profit/(loss) before taxation 6 27,676 (158,177)
Income tax credit/(expense) 7(a) 28,701 (9,888)
    
Profit/(loss) for the year from continuing operations 56,377 (168,065)
Discontinued operations
Loss for the year from discontinued operations 28 – (74,577)
    
Profit/(loss) for the year 56,377 (242,642)
    
Attributable to
Equity holders of the Company
— Continuing operations 56,377 (168,065)
— Discontinued operations – (74,577)
    
    
56,377 (242,642)
    
Earnings/(loss) per share (HK cent) 10
Basic and diluted
— Continuing operations 2.01 (6.00)
— Discontinued operations – (2.67)
    
2.01 (8.67)
    
The notes on pages 104 to 158 form part of these financial statements.


--- Page 100 ---

98 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
for the year ended 31 December 2025
Consolidated Statement of 
Comprehensive Income
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Profit/(loss) for the year 56,377 (242,642)
Other comprehensive income for the year:
Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Exchange differences on translation of financial statements of:
— subsidiaries outside Hong Kong 61,972 (35,564)
   
Total comprehensive income for the year 118,349 (278,206)
   
Total comprehensive income attributable to:
Equity holders of the Company
— Continuing operations 118,349 (203,674)
— Discontinued operations – (74,577)
   
118,349 (278,251)
Non-controlling interests – 45
   
Total comprehensive income for the year 118,349 (278,206)
   
Note: There is no tax effect relating to the above components of comprehensive income.
The notes on pages 104 to 158 form part of these financial statements.


--- Page 101 ---

99
at 31 December 2025
Consolidated Statement of 
Financial Position
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
2025 2024
Note HK$’000 HK$’000
Non-current assets
Other property, plant and equipment 11 97,871 157,653
Right-of-use assets 11 375,282 726,127
    
473,153 883,780
Other financial asset 13 62 62
Intangible assets 14 462,450 436,610
Goodwill 15 475,034 568,959
Other receivables, deposits and prepayments 12,404 16,245
    
1,423,103 1,905,656
    
Current assets
Inventories 16 3,041 3,262
Film rights 17 14,444 15,095
Trade receivables 18(a) 10,834 16,783
Other receivables, deposits and prepayments 18(b) 36,130 43,084
Deposits and cash 19 258,617 133,568
    
323,066 211,792
    
Current liabilities
Bank loans 20 – 13,965
Trade payables 21(a) 65,012 61,889
Other payables and accrued charges 21(b) 86,391 123,320
Deferred income 21(c) 14,037 44,407
Lease liabilities 22 62,725 105,529
Taxation payable 23(a) 6,421 9,747
    
234,586 358,857
    
Net current assets/(liabilities) 88,480 (147,065)
    
Total assets less current liabilities 1,511,583 1,758,591
    


--- Page 102 ---

100 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
at 31 December 2025
Consolidated Statement of 
Financial Position
2025 2024
Note HK$’000 HK$’000
Non-current liabilities
Bank loans 20 – 156,016
Lease liabilities 22 109,200 293,297
Deferred tax liabilities 23(b) 114,244 138,981
Derivative financial liabilities 25(e) – 507
    
223,444 588,801
    
NET ASSETS 1,288,139 1,169,790
    
CAPITAL AND RESERVES 24
Share capital 279,967 279,967
Reserves 1,008,172 889,823
    
Total equity attributable to equity holders of the Company 1,288,139 1,169,790
Non-controlling interests – –
    
TOTAL EQUITY 1,288,139 1,169,790
    
Approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 30 March 2026
Wu Kebo Chow Sau Fong, Fiona
Director Director
The notes on pages 104 to 158 form part of these financial statements.


--- Page 103 ---

101
for the year ended 31 December 2025
Consolidated Statement of 
Changes in Equity
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
Share 
capital
Share 
premium
Capital 
redemption 
reserve
Contributed 
surplus
Reserve 
funds
Exchange 
reserve
Retained 
profits Total
Non-
controlling 
interests
Total 
equity
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Balance at 1 January 2025 279,967 771,749 15,886 80,000 3,134 1,107 17,947 1,169,790 – 1,169,790
           
Changes in equity for 2025:
Profit for the year – – – – – – 56,377 56,377 – 56,377
Other comprehensive income – – – – – 61,972 – 61,972 – 61,972
           
Total comprehensive income – – – – – 61,972 56,377 118,349 – 118,349
           
Balance at 31 December 2025 279,967 771,749 15,886 80,000 3,134 63,079 74,324 1,288,139 – 1,288,139
           
Share 
capital
Share 
premium
Capital 
redemption 
reserve
Contributed 
surplus
Reserve 
funds
Exchange 
reserve
Retained 
profits Total
Non- 
controlling
interests
Total 
equity
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Balance at 1 January 2024 279,967 771,749 15,886 80,000 3,134 50,026 261,790 1,462,552 (1,246) 1,461,306
           
Changes in equity for 2024:
Loss for the year – – – – – – (242,642) (242,642) – (242,642)
Other comprehensive income – – – – – (35,609) – (35,609) 45 (35,564)
           
Total comprehensive income – – – – – (35,609) (242,642) (278,251) 45 (278,206)
           
Disposal of a joint venture – – – – – (8,723) – (8,723) – (8,723)
Disposal of subsidiaries – – – – – (4,587) (1,201) (5,788) 1,201 (4,587)
           
– – – – – (13,310) (1,201) (14,511) 1,201 (13,310)
           
Balance at 31 December 2024 279,967 771,749 15,886 80,000 3,134 1,107 17,947 1,169,790 – 1,169,790
           
The notes on pages 104 to 158 form part of these financial statements.


--- Page 104 ---

102 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
for the year ended 31 December 2025
Consolidated Statement of 
Cash Flows
2025 2024
Note HK$’000 HK$’000
Operating activities
Profit/(loss) before taxation
From continuing operations 27,676 (158,177)
From discontinued operations 28 – (74,579)
Adjustments for:
Interest income 5(a) (2,962) (3,107)
Gain on lease modifications 5(a) (85,849) (12,255)
Reversal of reinstatement cost provisions 5(a) (19,100) –
(Gain)/loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment 5(b) (5,029) 7,785
Finance costs 6(a) 16,621 38,857
Depreciation of owned property, plant and equipment 6(c) 32,337 46,545
Depreciation of right-of-use assets 6(c) 80,387 121,958
Amortisation of intangible assets 6(c) – 8,369
Amortisation of film rights 6(c) 384 722
Impairment losses on non-financial assets:
— goodwill and trademark 6(c) 126,058 80,524
— cinema-related assets 6(c) – 45,637
— film rights 6(c) 431 544
— development costs of 360 Stage 6(c) – 88,821
— 360 Stage-related fixed assets 6(c) – 226,682
Gain on disposal of joint venture 28(a) – (285,575)
Gain on disposal of subsidiaries 28(b) – (35)
Exchange reserve realised upon disposal 28(c) – (13,310)
Share of loss of a joint venture 28(c) – 11,325
PRC government subsidy in relation to the lease of land – (22,641)
Exchange (gain)/loss, net (4,101) 15,550
(Gain)/loss on financial liabilities (507) 507
    
Operating profit before changes in working capital 166,346 124,147
Decrease in inventories 390 2,561
Decrease in trade receivables 6,675 604
Decrease in other receivables, deposits and prepayments 12,452 26,500
Increase/(decrease) in trade payables 1,203 (10,581)
Decrease in other payables and accrued charges (31,935) (21,648)
Decrease in deferred income (31,828) (5,882)
    
Cash generated from operations 123,303 115,701
Interest received 2,527 3,109
Finance costs paid (3,863) (24,318)
Tax paid 23(a) (7,703) (3,829)
    
Net cash generated from operating activities 114,264 90,663
    


--- Page 105 ---

103
for the year ended 31 December 2025
Consolidated Statement of 
Cash Flows
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
2025 2024
Note HK$’000 HK$’000
Investing activities
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment 282,038 –
Payment for the purchase of property, plant and equipment (6,062) (8,568)
Payment for the purchase of intangible assets (152) (5,756)
Proceeds from disposal of investment in joint venture – 294,250
Net cash outflow on the disposal of investment in subsidiaries  
in Mainland China 28(b) – (11)
Receipt from pledged deposits – 35,507
    
Net cash generated from investing activities 275,824 315,422
    
Financing activities
Proceeds from new bank loans 19(b) 11,960 243,047
Repayment of bank loans 19(b) (191,360) (507,257)
Capital element of lease rentals paid 19(b) (79,382) (113,427)
Interest element of lease rentals paid 19(b) (10,508) (16,945)
    
Net cash used in financing activities (269,290) (394,582)
    
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 120,798 11,503
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January 133,568 124,773
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes 4,251 (2,708)
    
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December 19(a) 258,617 133,568
    
The notes on pages 104 to 158 form part of these financial statements.


--- Page 106 ---

104 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Notes to the Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2025
1 CORPORATE INFORMATION
Orange Sky Golden Harvest Entertainment (Holdings) Limited (“the Company”) is a limited liability company incorporated 
in Bermuda. The registered office of the Company is located at Clarendon House, 2 Church Street, Hamilton HM 11, 
Bermuda.
The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The principal activities of the Company and its subsidiaries 
(together “the Group”) consist of worldwide film and video distribution, film exhibition in Hong Kong and Singapore, film 
and television programme production in Hong Kong, and provision of advertising services in Hong Kong and Singapore. 
The other particulars and principal activities of the subsidiaries are set out in note 12 to the financial statements.
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(a) Statement of compliance
These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards, which 
collective term includes all applicable individual Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”), Hong 
Kong Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public 
Accountants (“HKICPA”), and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. These financial 
statements also comply with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities 
on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”). Material accounting policies adopted by the 
Group are disclosed below.
The HKICPA has issued certain new or amended HKFRS Accounting Standards that are first effective or available 
for early adoption for the current accounting period of the Group. Note 2(c) provides information on any changes 
in accounting policies resulting from initial application of these developments to the extent that they are relevant 
to the Group for the current accounting periods reflected in these financial statements.
(b) Basis of preparation of the financial statements
The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025 comprise the Company and its 
subsidiaries (together referred to as the “Group”).
The measurement basis used in the preparation of the financial statements is the historical cost basis.
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with HKFRS Accounting Standards requires management 
to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts 
of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical 
experience and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of 
which form the basis of making the judgements about carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily 
apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates 
are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the 
period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.
Judgements made by management in the application of HKFRS Accounting Standards that have significant effect 
on the financial statements and major sources of estimation uncertainty are discussed in note 30.


--- Page 107 ---

105
Notes to the Financial Statements
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
for the year ended 31 December 2025
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(c) Changes in accounting policies
(i) New and amended HKFRSs
The Group has applied amendments to HKAS 21, The effects of changes in foreign exchange rates — Lack of 
exchangeability issued by the HKICPA to these financial statements for the current accounting period. The 
amendments do not have a material impact on these financial statements as the Group has not entered 
into any foreign currency transactions in which the foreign currency is not exchangeable into another 
currency.
The Group has not applied any new standard or interpretation that is not yet effective for the current 
accounting period.
(d) Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests
Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed to, or has 
rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through 
its power over the entity. The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the consolidated financial 
statements from the date on which control commences until the date on which control ceases.
Intra-group balances and transactions, and any unrealised income and expenses (except for foreign currency 
transaction gains or losses) arising from intra-group transactions, are eliminated. Unrealised losses resulting from 
intra-group transactions are eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains, but only to the extent that there is no 
evidence of impairment.
For each business combination, the Group can elect to measure any non-controlling interests (“NCI”) either at 
fair value or at the NCI’s proportionate share of the subsidiary’s net identifiable assets. NCI are presented in the 
consolidated statement of financial position within equity, separately from equity attributable to the equity 
shareholders of the company. NCI in the results of the Group are presented on the face of the consolidated 
statement of profit or loss and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as 
an allocation of the total profit or loss and total comprehensive income for the year between NCI and the equity 
shareholders of the company. Loans from holders of NCI and other contractual obligations towards these holders 
are presented as financial liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial position in accordance with notes 
2(p) and 2(q) depending on the nature of the liability.
Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity 
transactions.
When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it derecognises the assets and liabilities of the subsidiary, and any 
related NCI and other components of equity. Any resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss. Any interest 
retained in that former subsidiary is measured at fair value when control is lost.
In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less impairment 
losses (see note 2(k)).


--- Page 108 ---

106 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Notes to the Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2025
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(e) Joint venture
A joint venture is an arrangement in which the Group or the Company has joint control, whereby the Group or 
the Company has the rights to the net assets of the arrangement, rather than rights to its assets and obligations 
for its liabilities.
An interest in a joint venture is accounted for using the equity method, unless it is classified as held for sale (or 
included in a disposal Group that is classified as held for sale). They are initially recognised at cost, which includes 
transaction costs. Subsequently, the consolidated financial statements include the Group’s share of the profit or 
loss and other comprehensive income (“OCI”) of those investees, until the date on which significant influence or 
joint control ceases.
When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the associate or the joint venture, the Group’s interest is 
reduced to nil and recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has incurred 
legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the investee. For this purpose, the Group’s 
interest is the carrying amount of the investment under the equity method, together with any other long-term 
interests that in substance form part of the Group’s net investment in the associate or the joint venture, after 
applying the ECL model to such other long-term interests where applicable (see note 2(k)(i)).
Unrealised gains arising from transactions with equity-accounted investees are eliminated against the investment 
to the extent of the Group’s interest in the investee. Unrealised losses are eliminated in the same way as unrealised 
gains, but only to the extent there is no evidence of impairment.
(f) Goodwill
Goodwill arising on acquisition of businesses is measured at cost less accumulated impairment losses and is 
tested annually for impairment (see note 2(k)).
(g) Derivative financial instruments
The Group holds derivative financial instruments to manage its interest rate risk exposures. Embedded derivatives 
are separated from the host contract and accounted for separately if the host contract is not a financial asset and 
certain criteria are met.
Derivatives are initially measured at fair value. Subsequently, they are measured at fair value with changes therein 
recognised in profit or loss.
(h) Property, plant and equipment
The following items of property, plant and equipment are stated at cost, which includes capitalised borrowing 
costs, less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses (see note 2(k)):
— right-of-use assets arising from leases over leasehold properties where the Group is not the registered 
owner of the property interest;
— machinery and equipment; and
— other items of plant and equipment, including right-of-use assets arising from leases of underlying plant 
and equipment, other than construction in progress (see note 2(j)).


--- Page 109 ---

107
Notes to the Financial Statements
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
for the year ended 31 December 2025
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(h) Property, plant and equipment (continued)
Construction in progress represents an asset under construction, which is stated at cost less any impairment 
losses, and is not depreciated. Cost comprises the direct costs of construction during the period of construction. 
Construction in progress is reclassified to the appropriate category of property, plant and equipment when 
completed and ready for use.
If significant parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, then they are accounted 
for as separate items (major components).
Any gain or loss on disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognised in profit or loss.
Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost of items of property, plant and equipment less their estimated 
residual value, if any, using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, and is generally recognised 
in profit or loss.
The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative periods are as follows:
— Leasehold land Over the unexpired term of lease
— The Group’s interests in buildings situated on leasehold land are depreciated over the shorter of the 
unexpired term of lease and the building’s estimated useful lives.
— Leasehold improvements Over the shorter of the lease term or its useful life
— Machinery and equipment 3 to 15 years
— Furniture and fixtures 5 to 12 years
— Motor vehicles 5 years
Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed annually and adjusted if appropriate.
(i) Intangible assets (other than goodwill)
Expenditure on research activities is recognised in profit or loss as incurred. Development expenditure is 
capitalised only if the expenditure can be measured reliably, the production is technically and commercially 
feasible, future economic benefits are probable and the Group intends to and has sufficient resources to complete 
development and to use or sell the resulting asset. Otherwise, it is recognised in profit or loss as incurred. 
Capitalised development expenditure is subsequently measured at cost less accumulated amortisation and any 
accumulated impairment losses.
Other intangible assets, including patents, that are acquired by the Group and have finite useful lives are 
measured at cost less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses (see note 2(k)).
Expenditure on internally generated goodwill and brands, is recognised in profit or loss as incurred.
Amortisation is calculated to write off the cost of intangible assets less their estimated residual values using the 
straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, if any, and is generally recognised in profit or loss.
The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative periods are as follows:
— Trademarks Indefinite useful life
— Club memberships Indefinite useful life
— Development costs 5 years
— Customer relationships 5 years
Amortisation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed annually and adjusted if appropriate.


--- Page 110 ---

108 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Notes to the Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2025
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(j) Leased assets
At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. This is the case if 
the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for 
consideration. Control is conveyed where the customer has both the right to direct the use of the identified asset 
and to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from that use.
(i) As a lessee
At the lease commencement date, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability, except for 
short-term leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less. The lease payments associated with those 
leases which are not capitalised are recognised as an expense on a systematic basis over the lease term.
Where the lease is capitalised, the lease liability is initially recognised at the present value of the lease 
payments payable over the lease term, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that 
rate cannot be readily determined, using a relevant incremental borrowing rate. After initial recognition, 
the lease liability is measured at amortised cost and interest expense is calculated using the effective 
interest method. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or rate are not included in the 
measurement of the lease liability and are charged to profit or loss as incurred.
The right-of-use asset recognised when a lease is capitalised is initially measured at cost, which 
comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made at or before the 
commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to dismantle and 
remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located, less 
any lease incentives received. The right-of-use asset is subsequently stated at cost less accumulated 
depreciation and impairment losses (see notes 2(h) and 2(k)(ii)).
The lease liability is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in 
an index or rate, or there is a change in the Group’s estimate of the amount expected to be payable under 
a residual value guarantee, or if the Group changes its assessment of whether it will exercise a purchase, 
extension or termination option. When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a corresponding 
adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the 
carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been reduced to zero.
The lease liability is also remeasured when there is a lease modification, which means a change in the scope 
of a lease or the consideration for a lease that is not originally provided for in the lease contract, if such 
modification is not accounted for as a separate lease. In this case, the lease liability is remeasured based 
on the revised lease payments and lease term using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the 
modification.
In the consolidated statement of financial position, the current portion of long-term lease liabilities is 
determined as the present value of contractual payments that are due to be settled within twelve months 
after the reporting period.


--- Page 111 ---

109
Notes to the Financial Statements
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
for the year ended 31 December 2025
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(k) Credit losses and impairment of assets
(i) Credit losses from financial instruments
The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) on:
— financial assets measured at amortised cost (including cash and cash equivalents, and trade and 
other receivables).
Measurement of ECLs
ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Generally, credit losses are measured as the 
present value of all expected cash shortfalls between the contractual and expected amounts.
The expected cash shortfalls are discounted using the following discount rates if the effect is material:
— fixed-rate financial assets, and trade and other receivables: effective interest rate determined at initial 
recognition or an approximation thereof;
— variable-rate financial assets: current effective interest rate.
The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over which the 
Group is exposed to credit risk.
ECLs are measured on either of the following bases:
— 12-month ECLs: these are the portion of ECLs that result from default events that are possible 
within the 12 months after the reporting date (or a shorter period if the expected 
life of the instrument is less than 12 months); and
— lifetime ECLs: these are the ECLs that result from all possible default events over the expected 
lives of the items to which the ECL model applies.
The Group measures loss allowances at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs, except for the following, which 
are measured at 12-months ECLs:
— financial instruments that are determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date; and
— other financial instruments for which credit risk (i.e. the risk of default occurring over the expected life 
of the financial instrument) has not increased significantly since initial recognition.
Loss allowances for trade receivables are always measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.


--- Page 112 ---

110 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Notes to the Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2025
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(k) Credit losses and impairment of assets (continued)
(i) Credit losses from financial instruments (continued)
Significant increases in credit risk
When determining whether the credit risk of a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial 
recognition and whether measuring ECLs, the Group considers reasonable and supportable information 
that is relevant and available without undue cost or effort. This includes both quantitative and qualitative 
information and analysis, based on the Group’s historical experience and informed credit assessment, that 
includes forward-looking information.
The Group assumes that the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly if it is more than 30 
days past due.
The Group considers a financial asset to be in default when:
— the debtor is unlikely to pay its credit obligations to the Group in full, without recourse by the Group 
to actions such as realising security (if any is held); or
— the financial asset is 90 days past due.
Depending on the nature of the financial instruments, the assessment of a significant increase in credit 
risk is performed on either an individual basis or a collective basis. When the assessment is performed on 
a collective basis, the financial instruments are grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics, such as 
past due status and credit risk ratings.
ECLs are remeasured at each reporting date to reflect changes in the financial instrument’s credit risk since 
initial recognition. Any change in the ECL amount is recognised as an impairment gain or loss in profit or 
loss. The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss for all financial instruments with a corresponding 
adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account.
Credit-impaired financial assets
At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether a financial asset is credit-impaired. A financial asset 
is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash 
flows of the financial asset have occurred.
Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the following observable events:
— significant financial difficulties of the debtor;
— a breach of contract, such as a default or being more than 90 days past due;
— the restructuring of a loan or advance by the Group on terms that the Group would not consider 
otherwise;
— it is probable that the debtor will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation; or
— the disappearance of an active market for a security because of financial difficulties of the issuer.


--- Page 113 ---

111
Notes to the Financial Statements
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
for the year ended 31 December 2025
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(k) Credit losses and impairment of assets (continued)
(i) Credit losses from financial instruments (continued)
Write-off policy
The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off (either partially or in full) to the extent that there 
is no realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case when the Group otherwise determines that 
the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient cash flows to repay the 
amounts subject to the write-off.
Subsequent recoveries of an asset that was previously written off are recognised as a reversal of impairment 
in profit or loss in the period in which the recovery occurs.
(ii) Impairment of other non-current assets
At each reporting date, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its non-financial assets to determine 
whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, then the asset’s recoverable 
amount is estimated. Goodwill and trademarks with indefinite useful lives are tested annually for 
impairment.
For impairment testing, assets are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generates 
cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or cash-
generating units (“CGU”s). Goodwill arising from a business combination is allocated to CGUs or groups of 
CGUs that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.
The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is the greater of its value in use and its fair value less costs of 
disposal. Value in use is based on the estimated future cash flows, discounted to their present value using 
a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks 
specific to the asset or CGU.
An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable amount.
Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. They are allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of 
any goodwill allocated to the CGU, and then to reduce the carrying amounts of the other assets in the CGU 
on a pro rata basis.
An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed. For other assets, an impairment loss is reversed 
only to the extent that the resulting carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would 
have been determined, net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.
(iii) Interim financial reporting and impairment
Under the Listing Rules, the Group is required to prepare an interim financial report in compliance with 
HKAS 34, Interim financial reporting, in respect of the first six months of the financial year. At the end of the 
interim period, the Group applies the same impairment testing, recognition, and reversal criteria as it would 
at the end of the financial year (see note 2(k)(ii)).
Impairment losses recognised in an interim period in respect of goodwill are not reversed in a subsequent 
period. This is the case even if no loss, or a smaller loss, would have been recognised had the impairment 
been assessed only at the end of the financial year to which the interim period relates.


--- Page 114 ---

112 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Notes to the Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2025
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(l) Inventories
Inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realisable value.
Cost is determined using a first-in, first-out basis and comprises all costs of purchase, costs of conversion and 
other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition.
Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of 
completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.
(m) Film rights
(i) Film rights
The cost of film rights is amortised at a systematic basis with reference to the underlying license periods 
which are subject to annual review.
Film rights represent films and television drama series and are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation 
and impairment losses (see note 2(k)).
(ii) Self-produced programmes
Self-produced programmes are stated at cost, comprising direct expenditure and an attributable portion of 
direct production overheads, less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses (see note 2(k)). The cost 
of self-produced programmes is amortised at a systematic basis with reference to the underlying license 
periods, which are subject to annual review.
(iii) Investments in film/drama production
Investments in film/drama production are stated initially at cost and adjusted thereafter for the net income 
derived from the investments less any accumulated impairment losses (see note 2(k)).
(n) Trade and other receivables
A receivable is recognised when the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration and only the 
passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.
Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component are initially measured at their transaction 
price. All receivables are subsequently stated at amortised cost (see note 2(k)).
(o) Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand, demand deposits with banks and other financial 
institutions and short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash 
and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, having been within three months of maturity 
at acquisition. Bank overdrafts that are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the Group’s cash 
management are also included as a component of cash and cash equivalents for the purpose of the consolidated 
statement of cash flows. Cash and cash equivalents are assessed for ECL (see note 2(k)).


--- Page 115 ---

113
Notes to the Financial Statements
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
for the year ended 31 December 2025
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(p) Trade and other payables and deferred income
(i) Trade and other payables
Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value, which are subsequently stated at amortised 
cost unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which case they are stated at cost.
(ii) Contract liabilities
A contract liability is recognised when the customer pays non-refundable consideration before the Group 
recognises the related revenue (see note 2(u)). A contract liability would also be recognised if the Group has 
an unconditional right to receive non-refundable consideration before the Group recognises the related 
revenue. In such cases, a corresponding receivable would also be recognised (see note 2(n)). In this annual 
report, the Group discloses contract liability as deferred income.
(q) Interest-bearing borrowings
Interest-bearing borrowings are measured initially at fair value less transaction costs. Subsequently, these 
borrowings are stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Interest expense is recognised in 
accordance with note 2(w).
(r) Employee benefits
(i) Short term employee benefits and contributions to defined contribution retirement plans
Short-term employee benefits are expensed as the related service is provided. A liability is recognised for 
the amount expected to be paid if the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay this 
amount as a result of past service provided by the employee and the obligation can be estimated reliably.
Obligations for contributions to defined contribution retirement plans are expensed as the related service is 
provided.
(ii) Share-based payments
The grant-date fair value of equity-settled share-based payments granted to employees is measured using 
the binomial lattice model. The amount is generally recognised as an expense, with a corresponding 
increase in equity, over the vesting period of the awards. The amount recognised as an expense is adjusted 
to reflect the number of awards for which the related service conditions are expected to be met, such 
that the amount ultimately recognised is based on the number of awards that meet the related service 
conditions at the vesting date. The equity amount is recognised in the capital reserve until either the option 
is exercised (when it is included in the amount recognised in share capital for the shares issued) or the 
option expires (when it is released directly to retained profits).
(iii) Retirement benefit schemes
The Group has the following categories of retirement benefit schemes:
— defined contribution retirement benefits scheme registered under the Mandatory Provident Fund 
Schemes Ordinance
— long service payment (“LSP”) under the Hong Kong Employment Ordinance


--- Page 116 ---

114 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Notes to the Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2025
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(r) Employee benefits (continued)
(iii) Retirement benefit schemes (continued)
The Group operates a defined contribution retirement benefits scheme (the “Scheme”) under the 
Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance, for those employees who are eligible to participate in the 
Scheme. Contributions to the Scheme are made based on a percentage of the employees’ basic salaries 
and are charged to profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the Scheme. The 
Group’s employer contributions are fully and immediately vested with the employees when contributed 
to the Scheme. The assets of the Scheme are held separately from those of the Group in an independently 
administered fund.
The Group’s net obligation in respect of defined benefit plans is calculated separately for each plan by 
estimating the amount of future benefit that employees have earned in the current and prior periods 
and discounting that amount. For LSP obligations, the estimated amount of future benefit is determined 
after deducting the negative service cost arising from the accrued benefits derived from the Group’s MPF 
contributions that have been vested with employees, which are deemed to be contributions from the 
relevant employees.
Remeasurements arising from defined benefit plans are recognised immediately in OCI. Net interest 
expense and other expenses related to defined benefit plans are recognised in profit or loss.
(s) Income tax
Income tax expense comprises current tax and deferred tax. It is recognised in profit or loss except to the extent 
that it relates to a business combination, or items recognised directly in equity or in OCI.
Current tax comprises the estimated tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year and any 
adjustments to the tax payable or receivable in respect of previous years. The amount of current tax payable or 
receivable is the best estimate of the tax amount expected to be paid or received that reflects any uncertainty 
related to income taxes. It is measured using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date. 
Current tax also includes any tax arising from dividends.
Current tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain criteria are met.
Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and 
liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. Deferred tax is not 
recognised for:
— temporary differences on the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a business 
combination and that affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal 
taxable and deductible temporary differences;
— temporary differences related to investment in subsidiaries, associates and joint venture to the extent that 
the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that 
they will not reverse in the foreseeable future;
— taxable temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill; and
— those related to the income taxes arising from tax laws enacted or substantively enacted to implement the 
Pillar Two model rules published by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development.


--- Page 117 ---

115
Notes to the Financial Statements
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
for the year ended 31 December 2025
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(s) Income tax (continued)
The Group recognised deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities separately in relation to its lease liabilities and 
right-of-use assets.
Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses, unused tax credits and deductible temporary differences 
to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which they can be used. Future 
taxable profits are determined based on the reversal of relevant taxable temporary differences. If the amount of 
taxable temporary differences is insufficient to recognise a deferred tax asset in full, then future taxable profits, 
adjusted for reversals of existing temporary differences, are considered, based on the business plans for individual 
subsidiaries in the Group. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent 
that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realised; such reductions are reversed when the 
probability of future taxable profits improves.
The measurement of deferred tax reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in which the 
Group expects, at the reporting date, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain criteria are met.
(t) Provisions and contingent liabilities
Generally provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects 
current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability.
A provision for onerous contracts is measured at the present value of the lower of the expected cost of 
terminating the contract and the expected net cost of continuing with the contract, which is determined based 
on the incremental costs of fulfilling the obligation under that contract and an allocation of other costs directly 
related to fulfilling that contract. Before a provision is established, the Group recognises any impairment loss on 
the assets associated with that contract (see note 1(k)(ii)).
Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be 
estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of 
economic benefits is remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence or 
non-occurrence of one or more future events are also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the probability of 
outflow of economic benefits is remote.


--- Page 118 ---

116 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Notes to the Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2025
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(u) Revenue and other income
Income is classified by the Group as revenue when it arises from the sale of goods and the provision of services.
Revenue is recognised when control over a product or service is transferred to the customer, at the amount of 
promised consideration to which the Group is expected to be entitled, excluding those amounts collected on 
behalf of third parties. Revenue excludes value added tax or other sales taxes and is after deduction of any trade 
discounts.
Where the contract contains a financing component which provides a significant financing benefit to the 
customer for more than 12 months, revenue is measured at the present value of the amount receivable, 
discounted using the discount rate that would be reflected in a separate financing transaction with the customer, 
and interest income is accrued separately under the effective interest method. Where the contract contains a 
financing component which provides a significant financing benefit to the Group, revenue recognised under 
that contract includes the interest expense accreted on the contract liability under the effective interest method. 
The Group takes advantage of the practical expedient in paragraph 63 of HKFRS 15 and does not adjust the 
consideration for any effects of a significant financing component if the period of financing is 12 months or less.
Further details of the Group’s revenue and other income recognition policies are as follows:
(i) Income from box office takings is recognised when the services have been rendered to the buyers;
(ii) Income from film distribution and screen advertising is recognised at the time when the services are 
provided;
(iii) Income from promotion, advertising, advertising production and agency services is recognised upon the 
provision of the services;
(iv) Income from film royalties arising from the assignment of screening rights to television stations and the 
granting of rights to manufacture, distribute and sell video cassettes, laser discs, video compact discs 
and digital video discs is recognised as accrued royalties when the Group’s right to receive payment is 
established;
(v) Income from confectionery sales and audio visual sales is recognised at the point of sales when the 
confectionery and audio visual products are given to the customers;
(vi) Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method. The ‘effective interest rate’ is the rate that 
exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts through the expected life of the financial asset to the gross 
carrying amount of the financial asset. In calculating interest income, the effective interest rate is applied 
to the gross carrying amount of the asset (when the asset is not credit-impaired). However, for financial 
assets that have become credit-impaired subsequent to initial recognition, interest income is calculated 
by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset. If the asset is no longer 
credit-impaired, then the calculation of interest income reverts to the gross basis.
(vii) Income from gift voucher purchases is recognised when customers exchange them for goods/services or 
upon expiry; and
(viii) Government grants are recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position initially when there 
is reasonable assurance that they will be received and that the Group will comply with the conditions 
attached to them. Grants that compensate the Group for expenses incurred are recognised as income 
in profit or loss on a systematic basis in the same periods in which the expenses are incurred. Grants that 
compensate the Group for the cost of an asset are deducted from the carrying amount of the asset and 
consequently are effectively recognised in profit or loss over the useful life of the asset by way of reduced 
depreciation expense.


--- Page 119 ---

117
Notes to the Financial Statements
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
for the year ended 31 December 2025
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(v) Translation of foreign currencies
Transactions in foreign currencies are translated into the respective functional currencies of group companies at 
the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions.
Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies and the financial statements of overseas 
subsidiaries and joint venture are translated into the functional currency at the exchange rates at the reporting 
date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured based on historical cost in a foreign currency are 
translated at the exchange rates at the date of transaction. Foreign currency differences are generally recognised 
in profit or loss.
When a foreign operation is disposed of in its entirety or partially such that control, significant influence or joint 
control is lost, the cumulative amount in the exchange reserve related to that foreign operation is reclassified to 
profit or loss as part of the gain or loss on disposal. On disposal of a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation, 
the cumulative amount of the exchange differences relating to that foreign operation that have been attributed 
to the NCI shall be derecognised, but shall not be reclassified to profit or loss. If the Group disposes of part of its 
interest in a subsidiary but retains control, then the relevant proportion of the cumulative amount is reattributed 
to NCI. When the Group disposes of only part of an associate or joint venture while retaining significant influence 
or joint control, the relevant proportion of the cumulative amount is reclassified to profit or loss.
(w) Borrowing costs
Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset which 
necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale are capitalised as part of the 
cost of that asset. Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.
(x) Discontinued operations
A discontinued operation is a component of the Group’s business, the operations and cash flows of which can be 
clearly distinguished from the rest of the Group and which:
— represents a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations;
— is part of a single co-ordinated plan to dispose of a separate major line of business or geographical area of 
operations; or
— is a subsidiary acquired exclusively with a view to resale.
Classification as a discontinued operation occurs at the earlier of disposal or when the operation meets the criteria 
to be classified as held for sale.
Where an operation is classified as discontinued operation, the comparative statement of profit or loss and OCI is 
re-presented as if the operation had been discontinued from the start of the comparative year.


--- Page 120 ---

118 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Notes to the Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2025
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(y) Related parties
(a) A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person:
(i) has control or joint control over the Group;
(ii) has significant influence over the Group; or
(iii) is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group’s parent.
(b) An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:
(i) The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent, subsidiary 
and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).
(ii) One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a 
member of a group of which the other entity is a member).
(iii) Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.
(iv) One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity.
(v) The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an 
entity related to the Group.
(vi) The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a).
(vii) A person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key 
management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).
(viii) The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel 
services to the Group or to the Group’s parent.
Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be 
influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.
(z) Segment reporting
Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the financial statements, are identified 
from the financial information provided regularly to the Group’s most senior executive management for the 
purposes of allocating resources to, and assessing the performance of, the Group’s various lines of business and 
geographical locations.
Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless the segments 
have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of products and services, the nature 
of operating processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used to distribute the products or provide the 
services, and the nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments which are not individually material 
may be aggregated if they share a majority of these criteria.


--- Page 121 ---

119
Notes to the Financial Statements
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
for the year ended 31 December 2025
3 REVENUE
Revenue, which are from contracts with customers within the scope of HKFRS 15, represents income from the sale of 
film, video and television rights, film and TV drama distribution, theatre operations, promotion and advertising services, 
agency services and film royalty.
The Group’s customer base is diversified and there is no customer with whom transactions have exceeded 10% of the 
Group’s revenue. Details of concentrations of credit risk arising from customers are set out in note 25(a) to the financial 
statements.
4 SEGMENT REPORTING
The Group manages its businesses by geography. In a manner consistent with the way in which information is reported 
internally to the Group’s most senior executive management for the purposes of resources allocation and performance 
assessment, the Group has presented the following reportable segments. No operating segments have been 
aggregated to form the reportable segments, which are as follows:
— Hong Kong
— Mainland China
— Singapore
— Taiwan
The results of the Group’s revenue from external customers for entities located in Hong Kong, Mainland China, Singapore 
and Taiwan are set out in the table below.
As disclosed in note 28, the Group disposed of its interests in the joint venture operating in Taiwan, and the 360 Stage 
related operations in Mainland China during the year ended 31 December 2024.
The result of these segments have been classified as discontinued operations during the year ended 31 December 2024.
(i) Segment revenue and results
For the purposes of assessing segment performance and allocating resources between segments, the Group’s 
senior executive management monitors the revenue and results attributable to each reportable segment on the 
following bases:
Revenue is allocated to the reportable segments based on the local entities’ location of external customers. 
Expenses are allocated to the reportable segments with reference to sales generated by those segments and 
the expenses incurred by those geographical locations or which otherwise arise from the depreciation and 
amortisation of assets attributable to those segments.
The measure used for reporting segment results are adjusted operating result after taxation where net finance 
costs, exchange differences and extraordinary items (including impairment losses and gain/loss on disposal of 
non-financial assets and financial impact arising from early termination of leases) are excluded, and the effect of 
HKFRS 16, Leases is adjusted as if the rentals had been recognised under HKAS 17, Leases. To arrive at adjusted 
operating result after taxation, the Group’s result is further adjusted for items not specifically attributable to 
individual segments, such as directors’ and auditors’ remuneration and head office or corporate administration 
costs.


--- Page 122 ---

120 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Notes to the Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2025
4 SEGMENT REPORTING (CONTINUED)
(i) Segment revenue and results (continued)
In addition to receiving segment information concerning operating result after taxation, management is provided 
with segment information concerning revenue.
Management evaluates performance primarily based on the operating results including the share of results of a 
joint venture of each segment. Intersegment pricing is generally determined on an arm’s length basis.
Segment information regarding the Group’s revenue and results by geographical market is presented below:
Year ended 31 December
Continuing operations Discontinued operations
Hong Kong Mainland China Singapore Sub-total Taiwan 360 Stage Sub-total Total
2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Segment revenue:
Revenue
— Exhibition 50,665 148,215 – – 598,733 576,021 649,398 724,236 – 126,246 – – – 126,246 649,398 850,482
— Distribution and  
 production 3,311 6,300 27,482 – 24,824 48,965 55,617 55,265 – 1,222 – – – 1,222 55,617 56,487
— 360 Stage – – – – – – – – – – – 19,743 – 19,743 – 19,743
— Corporate 550 600 – – – – 550 600 – – – – – – 550 600                 
Reportable segment 
revenue 54,526 155,115 27,482 – 623,557 624,986 705,565 780,101 – 127,468 – 19,743 – 147,211 705,565 927,312
                 
Reportable segment 
profit/(loss) after 
taxation 1,793 (19,478) 25,411 (2,378) 33,434 35,574 60,638 13,718 – (8,984) – (44,125) – (53,109) 60,638 (39,391)
                 


--- Page 123 ---

121
Notes to the Financial Statements
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
for the year ended 31 December 2025
4 SEGMENT REPORTING (CONTINUED)
(ii) Reconciliations of reportable segment revenue and profit or loss
Continuing operations
Year ended 31 December
Discontinued operations
Year ended 31 December
2025 2024 2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Revenue
Reportable segment revenue 705,565 780,101 – 147,211
Share of revenue from a joint  
venture in Taiwan – – – (127,468)
Elimination of intersegment revenue (17,560) (28,040) – –
Others (14,752) (17,802) – (2,559)
     
Consolidated revenue 673,253 734,259 – 17,184
Profit/(loss) before taxation
Reportable profit/(loss) after taxation from 
external customers 60,638 13,718 – (53,109)
Other operating expenses, net (4,261) (181,783) – (21,468)
Income tax (credit)/expense (28,701) 9,888 – (2)
     
Consolidated profit/(loss) before taxation 27,676 (158,177) – (74,579)
     
5 OTHER REVENUE AND OTHER NET INCOME/(LOSS)
(a) Other revenue
Continuing operations
Year ended 31 December
Discontinued operations
Year ended 31 December
2025 2024 2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Interest income from bank deposits 2,962 3,097 – 10
Co-promotion income 3,049 4,035 – –
Government subsidies 2,099 3,550 – 25,113
Miscellaneous income 9,613 9,146 – 88
Gain on lease modification 85,849 12,255 – –
Reversal of reinstatement cost provisions 19,100 – – –
     
122,672 32,083 – 25,211
     


--- Page 124 ---

122 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Notes to the Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2025
5 OTHER REVENUE AND OTHER NET INCOME/(LOSS) (CONTINUED)
(b) Other net income/(loss)
Continuing operations
Year ended 31 December
Discontinued operations
Year ended 31 December
2025 2024 2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Gain/(loss) on disposal of property,  
plant and equipment 5,029 (7,674) – (111)
Exchange gain/(loss), net 9,087 (10,581) – (2,479)
     
14,116 (18,255) – (2,590)
     
6 PROFIT/(LOSS) BEFORE TAXATION
Profit/(loss) before taxation is arrived at after charging/(crediting):
Continuing operations
Year ended 31 December
Discontinued operations
Year ended 31 December
2025 2024 2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
(a) Finance costs
Interest on bank loans 4,420 22,550 – 76
Interest on lease liabilities (note 19(b)) 10,508 16,945 – –
Other ancillary borrowing costs 1,693 4,539 – –
     
Total finance costs on financial liabilities  
 not at fair value through profit or loss 16,621 44,034 – 76
Less: finance costs capitalised into 
 construction in progress (note (i)) – (5,253) – –
     
16,621 38,781 – 76
     


--- Page 125 ---

123
Notes to the Financial Statements
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
for the year ended 31 December 2025
6 PROFIT/(LOSS) BEFORE TAXATION (CONTINUED)
Continuing operations
Year ended 31 December
Discontinued operations
Year ended 31 December
2025 2024 2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
(b) Staff costs
Salaries, wages and other benefits (note (ii)) 82,029 99,685 – 19,125
Contributions to defined contribution  
 retirement plans 9,942 8,075 – 1,201
     
91,971 107,760 – 20,326
     
Continuing operations
Year ended 31 December
Discontinued operations
Year ended 31 December
2025 2024 2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
(c) Other items
Cost of inventories 37,622 36,627 – 368
Cost of services provided 187,788 212,701 – 14,016
Depreciation charge (note 11)
 — owned property, plant and equipment 32,337 38,473 – 8,072
 — right-of-use-assets 80,387 98,415 – 23,543
Impairment losses on non-financial assets
 — trademark (note 14) – 80,524 – –
 — goodwill (note 15) 126,058 – – –
 — cinema-related assets – 45,637 – –
 — film right (note 17) 431 544 – –
 — development costs of  
   360 Stage (note 14) – – – 88,821
 — 360 Stage-related assets – – – 226,682
Amortisation of film rights (note 17) 384 722 – –
Amortisation of development costs of  
 360 Stage (note 14) – – – 8,369
Auditors’ remuneration
 — audit services 2,388 2,952 – –
 — tax services 153 125 – –
 — other services 818 908 – –
     
Notes:
(i) No finance costs have been capitalised for the year ended 31 December 2025. The finance costs had been capitalised at rates 
ranging from 6.30% to 6.80% per annum for the year ended 31 December 2024.
(ii) The amount includes provision for long service payments.


--- Page 126 ---

124 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Notes to the Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2025
7 INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT
(a) Taxation in the consolidated income statement represents:
Continuing operations
Year ended 31 December
Discontinued operations
Year ended 31 December
2025 2024 2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Current tax
Provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax 479 100 – –
Provision for overseas tax 7,229 7,905 – –
(Over)/under provision in respect of  
prior years (3,847) 2 – (2)
     
3,861 8,007 – (2)
Deferred tax
Reversal of temporary differences (32,562) 1,881 – –
     
(28,701) 9,888 – (2)
     
Notes:
(i) The provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax for 2025 is calculated at 16.5% (2024: 16.5%) of the estimated assessable profits 
for the year.
(ii) No provision for the Mainland China Corporate Income Tax has been made in the consolidated financial statements as 
the Group sustained a loss for calculation of Mainland China Corporate Income Tax for both years.
(iii) The provision for Singapore Corporate Income Tax of the subsidiaries incorporated in Singapore is calculated at 17% (2024: 
17%) of the estimated taxable profits for the year.


--- Page 127 ---

125
Notes to the Financial Statements
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
for the year ended 31 December 2025
7 INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT (CONTINUED)
(b) Reconciliation between tax credit and loss before taxation at applicable tax rates:
Continuing operations
Year ended 31 December
Discontinued operations
Year ended 31 December
2025 2024 2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Profit/(loss) before taxation 27,676 (158,177) – (74,579)
Notional tax on profit/(loss) before taxation, 
calculated at the rates applicable to loss  
in the jurisdictions concerned 5,074 (26,269) – (43,487)
Tax effect of non-deductible expenses 25,363 24,827 – 78,959
Tax effect of non-taxable income (13,931) (4,891) – (48,629)
Tax effect of unused tax losses not recognised 6,904 15,575 – 10,892
Utilisation of tax losses previously not recognised (9,353) – – –
Tax effect of loss attributable to a joint venture – – – 2,265
Tax effect of reversal of temporary differences (38,911) (1,074) – –
Effect of Taiwan withholding tax for the year – 1,718 – –
(Over)/under provision in prior years (3,847) 2 – (2)
     
Actual tax (credit)/expense (28,701) 9,888 – (2)
     
8 DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S EMOLUMENTS
Directors’ and chief executive officer’s emoluments disclosed pursuant to section 383(1) of the Hong Kong Companies 
Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation is as follows:
Directors’ 
fees
Salaries,
allowances
and benefits
in kind
Double 
paid and 
discretionary 
bonus
Retirement 
scheme 
contributions
2025
Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Executive directors and  
chief executive officer
WU, Kebo – 1,023 – – 1,023
CHOW, Sau Fong Fiona 720 1,433 572 18 2,743
PENG, Bolun – 438 70 76 584
LI, Pei Sen (resigned on 25 April 2025) 121 – – – 121
GO, Misaki  
(resigned on 16 September 2025) 224 136 – 13 373
KONG, Minru (appointed on 25 April 2025) – 463 – 125 588
GO, Tomohiro  
(appointed on 16 September 2025) – 100 – 15 115
MAO, Yimin (resigned on 1 February 2026) – 445 – 18 463
Independent non-executive directors
LEUNG, Man Kit 340 – – – 340
WONG, Sze Wing 240 – – – 240
FUNG, Chi Man Henry 240 – – – 240
      
1,885 4,038 642 265 6,830
      


--- Page 128 ---

126 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Notes to the Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2025
8 DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S EMOLUMENTS (CONTINUED)
The details of these benefits in kind, including the principal terms and number of options granted, are disclosed under 
the paragraph “Share option scheme” in the directors’ report and note 24(a)(i).
Directors’ 
fees
Salaries,
allowances
and benefits
in kind
Double 
paid and
discretionary
bonus
Retirement
scheme
contributions
2024
Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Executive directors and  
chief executive officer
WU, Kebo 7,394 1,022 – 18 8,434
LI, Pei Sen 378 – – – 378
CHOW, Sau Fong Fiona 1,235 922 2,320 18 4,495
GO, Misaki 288 192 – 18 498
PENG, Bolun 269 331 – 110 710
MAO, Yimin – 965 – 157 1,122
Independent non-executive directors
LEUNG, Man Kit 340 – – – 340
WONG, Sze Wing 240 – – – 240
FUNG, Chi Man Henry 240 – – – 240
      
10,384 3,432 2,320 321 16,457
      
9 INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS
Of the five individuals with highest emoluments, two (2024: two) are directors and chief executive officer whose 
emoluments are disclosed in note 8 to the financial statements. The aggregate of the emoluments in respect of the 
other three (2024: three) are as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Salaries and other emoluments 4,356 4,781
Discretionary bonuses 353 871
Retirement scheme contributions 114 366
   
4,823 6,018
   


--- Page 129 ---

127
Notes to the Financial Statements
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
for the year ended 31 December 2025
9 INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS (CONTINUED)
The emoluments of the three (2024: three) individuals with the highest emoluments are within the following bands:
2025 2024
Number of
Individuals
Number of
individuals
HK$1,000,001–HK$1,500,000 2 –
HK$1,500,001–HK$2,000,000 – 1
HK$2,000,001–HK$2,500,000 1 2
   
10 EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER SHARE
(a) Basic earnings/(loss) per share
The calculation of basic earnings/loss per share is based on the profit/loss attributable to equity holders of the 
Company and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of 2,799,669,050 (2024: 2,799,669,050), in issue 
during the year, calculated as follows:
(i) Weighted average number of ordinary shares:
2025 2024
Number of 
shares
Number of 
shares
Issued ordinary shares and weighted average number of  
ordinary shares at 31 December 2,799,669,050 2,799,669,050
   
(ii) Profit/(loss) attributable to equity shareholders
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Continuing operations 56,377 (168,065)
Discontinued operations – (74,577)
   
56,377 (242,642)
   
(b) Diluted earnings/(loss) per share
The Company does not have any dilutive potential ordinary shares as at 31 December 2025 and 2024. Diluted 
earnings/loss per share for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 is the same as the basic earnings/loss 
per share.


--- Page 130 ---

128 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Notes to the Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2025
11 OTHER PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
(a) Reconciliation of carrying amount
Ownership 
interests 
in land held 
for own use 
carried at cost
Other 
properties 
leased 
for own use 
carried at cost Buildings
Leasehold 
improvements
Machinery 
and 
equipment
Furniture
and 
fixtures
Motor 
vehicles
Construction
in progress Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
At 1 January 2024 518,967 1,628,135 103,369 340,792 204,287 48,871 4,830 152,846 3,002,097
Additions – – – 154 2,692 26 – 5,695 8,567
Disposals – – – (29,030) (5,764) (2,006) – (111) (36,911)
Disposal of subsidiaries – (540,489) – (9,054) (72,154) (1,145) – (159,253) (782,095)
Transfer – – – 314 250 – – (564) –
Capitalisation of borrowing cost – – – – – – – 5,253 5,253
Modification of right-of-use assets – (41,854) – – – – – – (41,854)
Exchange adjustments (20,799) (37,135) (5,776) (12,334) (8,697) (2,393) (201) (2,799) (90,134)          
At 31 December 2024 498,168 1,008,657 97,593 290,842 120,614 43,353 4,629 1,067 2,064,923          
At 1 January 2025 498,168 1,008,657 97,593 290,842 120,614 43,353 4,629 1,067 2,064,923
Additions – 13,171 – 1,315 4,274 392 – 81 19,233
Disposals (241,905) (6,195) (30,900) (86,084) (41,669) (12,118) (733) (36) (419,640)
Transfer – – – – 125 – – (125) –
Modification of right-of-use assets – (399,577) – – – – – – (399,577)
Exchange adjustments 29,524 35,502 8,139 19,685 12,931 3,836 168 51 109,836          
At 31 December 2025 285,787 651,558 74,832 225,758 96,275 35,463 4,064 1,038 1,374,775          
Accumulated depreciation, amortisation 
and impairment losses:
At 1 January 2024 44,028 664,917 48,674 216,531 107,545 37,748 3,972 – 1,123,415
Charge for the year 6,952 115,006 5,658 22,031 15,246 3,411 199 – 168,503
Impairment – 38,128 – 11,816 62,020 1,102 – 159,253 272,319
Written back on disposals – – – (22,166) (5,330) (1,630) – – (29,126)
Written back on disposal of subsidiaries – (47,009) – (9,054) (72,154) (1,145) – (159,253) (288,615)
Modification on right-of-use assets – (23,206) – – – – – – (23,206)
Exchange adjustments (3,027) (15,091) (4,895) (9,489) (7,494) (1,997) (154) – (42,147)          
At 31 December 2024 47,953 732,745 49,437 209,669 99,833 37,489 4,017 – 1,181,143          
At 1 January 2025 47,953 732,745 49,437 209,669 99,833 37,489 4,017 – 1,181,143
Charge for the year 4,975 75,412 4,655 18,585 6,147 2,745 205 – 112,724
Written back on disposals (4,740) (6,195) (8,409) (71,384) (39,614) (11,556) (733) – (142,631)
Modification on right-of-use assets – (318,344) – – – – – – (318,344)
Exchange adjustments 4,592 25,665 6,874 16,021 12,092 3,341 145 – 68,730          
At 31 December 2025 52,780 509,283 52,557 172,891 78,458 32,019 3,634 – 901,622          
Net book value:
At 31 December 2025 233,007 142,275 22,275 52,867 17,817 3,444 430 1,038 473,153          
At 31 December 2024 450,215 275,912 48,156 81,173 20,781 5,864 612 1,067 883,780          


--- Page 131 ---

129
Notes to the Financial Statements
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
for the year ended 31 December 2025
11 OTHER PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS 
(CONTINUED)
(b) Right-of-use assets
The analysis of the net book value of right-of-use assets by class of underlying asset is as follows:
2025 2024
Note HK$’000 HK$’000
Ownership interests in leasehold land held for own use,  
carried at depreciated cost (i)
Outside Hong Kong
— long leases 233,007 450,215
Other properties leased for own use,  
carried at depreciated cost (ii) 142,275 275,912
    
375,282 726,127
    
The analysis of expense items in relation to leases recognised in profit or loss is as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets by class of underlying asset:
Ownership interests in leasehold land held for own use 4,975 6,952
Other properties leased for own use 75,412 115,006
   
80,387 121,958
   
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Interest on lease liabilities (note 6(a)) 10,508 16,945
Expense relating to short-term leases 2,063 737
Variable lease payments not included in the measurement of lease liabilities 13,140 6,730
   
During the year ended 31 December 2025, additions to right-of-use assets were HK$13,171,000 (2024: HK$nil) 
which is primarily related to the capitalised lease payments payable under new tenancy agreements.
Details of total cash outflow for leases and the maturity analysis of lease liabilities are set out in notes 19(c) and 22, 
respectively.
(i) Ownership interests in leasehold land held for own use
The Group holds interest in leasehold land for its business. The Group is the registered owner of these 
property interests, including the whole or part of undivided share in the underlying land. Lump sum 
payments were made upfront to acquire these property interests from their previous registered owners, 
and there are no ongoing payments to be made under the terms of the land lease, other than payments 
based on rateable values set by the relevant government authorities. These payments vary from time to 
time and are payable to the relevant government authorities.


--- Page 132 ---

130 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Notes to the Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2025
11 OTHER PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS 
(CONTINUED)
(b) Right-of-use assets (continued)
(ii) Properties leased for own use
The Group has obtained the right to use properties as its office premises, cinemas and stages through 
tenancy agreements. The leases typically run for an initial period of 2 to 8 years.
Some leases include an option to renew the lease for an additional period after the end of the contract 
term. Where practicable, the Group seeks to include such extension options exercisable by the Group to 
provide operational flexibility. The Group assesses at lease commencement date whether it is reasonably 
certain to exercise the extension options. If the Group is not reasonably certain to exercise the extension 
options, the future lease payments during the extension periods are not included in the measurement of 
lease liabilities. The potential exposure to these future lease payments is summarised below:
2025
Right-of-use 
assets
Lease liabilities 
recognised 
(discounted)
Potential future 
lease payments 
under extension 
options not 
included in 
lease liabilities 
(undiscounted)
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Office — Hong Kong 2,271 2,457 –
Office — Singapore 778 963 1,163
Cinemas — Singapore 139,226 168,505 274,304
    
142,275 171,925 275,467
    
2024
Right-of-use 
assets
Lease liabilities 
recognised 
(discounted)
Potential future 
lease payments 
under extension 
options not 
included in 
lease liabilities 
(undiscounted)
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Cinemas — Hong Kong 99,848 178,431 –
Office — Hong Kong 312 1,171 –
Office — Singapore 1,615 1,958 –
Cinemas — Singapore 174,137 217,266 –
    
275,912 398,826 –
    


--- Page 133 ---

131
Notes to the Financial Statements
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
for the year ended 31 December 2025
11 OTHER PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS 
(CONTINUED)
(b) Right-of-use assets (continued)
(ii) Properties leased for own use (continued)
The Group leased a number of cinemas which contain variable lease payment terms that are based on sales 
generated from the cinemas and minimum annual lease payment terms that are fixed. These payment 
terms are common in cinemas in countries where the Group operates. The amount of fixed and variable 
lease payments for the year is summarised below:
2025
Fixed 
payments
Variable 
payments
Total 
payments
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Cinemas — Hong Kong 2,957 5,901 8,858
Cinemas — Singapore 85,595 7,239 92,834
2024
Fixed 
payments
Variable 
payments
Total 
payments
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Cinemas — Hong Kong 47,437 469 47,906
Cinemas — Singapore 81,295 6,261 87,556


--- Page 134 ---

132 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Notes to the Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2025
12 INTERESTS IN SUBSIDIARIES
The following list contains only the particulars of principal subsidiaries which affected the results, assets or liabilities of 
the Group. The class of shares held is ordinary unless otherwise stated.
All of these are controlled subsidiaries as defined under note 2(d) and have been consolidated into the Group’s financial 
statements.
Details of the principal subsidiaries are as follows:
Name of company
Place of
incorporation/
establishment and
operation
Particulars of issued 
and paid up capital
Group’s
effective
interest Principal activities
Gala Film Distribution Limited Hong Kong 49,990,000 shares and 10,000 
non-voting deferred shares
100% Distribution of motion pictures
Golden Harvest Cinemas Holding  
Limited
British Virgin Islands 1 share of US$1 100% Investment holding
Golden Harvest Entertainment  
International Limited
British Virgin Islands 1,000 shares of US$1 each 100% Investment holding
Golden Harvest Films Distribution  
Holding Limited
British Virgin Islands 1 share of US$1 100% Investment holding
Golden Harvest (Marks) Limited British Virgin Islands 1 share of US$1 100% Holding of trademarks
Golden Harvest Treasury Limited British Virgin Islands 1 share of US$1 100% Provision of finance to group 
companies
Golden Screen Limited Hong Kong 8,750,000 shares 100% Investment holding
Orange Sky Golden Harvest  
Entertainment Company Limited
Hong Kong 100 shares 100% Investment holding and 
provision of management 
services to group 
companies
Panasia Films Limited Hong Kong 23,000 shares 100% Distribution of motion pictures 
and its related audio visual 
products and acts as an 
advertising agent
Dartina Development Limited Hong Kong 31,200,082 shares 100% Investment holding
Golden Village Multiplex Pte Limited Singapore 8,000,000 shares of S$1 each 100% Theatre operation
Golden Village Pictures Pte Limited Singapore 8,000,000 shares of S$1 each 100% Distribution of motion pictures
Except for Golden Harvest Entertainment International Limited, which is directly held by the Company, all of the above 
subsidiaries are indirectly held by the Company.


--- Page 135 ---

133
Notes to the Financial Statements
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
for the year ended 31 December 2025
13 INTEREST IN A JOINT VENTURE AND OTHER FINANCIAL ASSET
During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group sold 35.69% of its interest in a joint venture (see note 28(a)). As at 
31 December 2024, the Group had reclassified the remaining shareholding of 0.02% to other financial asset.
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Other financial asset 62 62
   
14 INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Trademarks
Development 
cost of 
360 Stage
Customer 
relationships
Club 
memberships Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Cost:
At 1 January 2025 515,244 – 7,407 1,890 524,541
Exchange adjustments 25,840 – – – 25,840
      
At 31 December 2025 541,084 – 7,407 1,890 550,381
      
Accumulated amortisation  
and impairment loss:
At 1 January and  
31 December 2025 80,524 – 7,407 – 87,931
      
Net book value:
At 31 December 2025 460,560 – – 1,890 462,450
      


--- Page 136 ---

134 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Notes to the Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2025
14 INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)
Trademarks
Development 
cost of 
360 Stage
Customer 
relationships
Club 
memberships Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Cost:
At 1 January 2024 531,204 100,993 7,407 1,890 641,494
Additions – 4,785 – – 4,785
Disposal of subsidiaries – (102,987) – – (102,987)
Exchange adjustments (15,960) (2,791) – – (18,751)
      
At 31 December 2024 515,244 – 7,407 1,890 524,541
      
Accumulated amortisation  
and impairment loss:
At 1 January 2024 – 6,882 7,407 – 14,289
Charge for the year – 8,369 – – 8,369
Impairment 80,524 88,821 – – 169,345
Written back on disposal of 
subsidiaries – (102,987) – – (102,987)
Exchange adjustments – (1,085) – – (1,085)
      
At 31 December 2024 80,524 – 7,407 – 87,931
      
Net book value:
At 31 December 2024 434,720 – – 1,890 436,610
      
Notes:
(i) Trademarks represent perpetual licenses for the use of the brand name “Golden Village” in Singapore which take the form of 
sign, symbol, name, logo, design or any combination thereof.
The directors are of the opinion that the Group’s trademarks have indefinite useful lives due to the following reasons:
(a) the trademarks have been in use and will continue to be used for the long term; and
(b) the Group has incurred and intends to continue to incur significant advertising and promotion expenses, which are 
charged to profit or loss when incurred, to maintain and increase the market value of its trademarks.
For details of the impairment assessment of the CGU of exhibition and distribution business in Singapore, please refer to 
note 15.


--- Page 137 ---

135
Notes to the Financial Statements
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
for the year ended 31 December 2025
15 GOODWILL
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Cost:
At 1 January 706,039 726,928
Exchange adjustments 32,133 (20,889)
   
At 31 December 738,172 706,039
   
Accumulated impairment losses:
At 1 January 137,080 137,080
Impairment 126,058 –
   
31 December 263,138 137,080
   
Carrying amount
At 31 December 475,034 568,959
   
Impairment tests for cash-generating units containing goodwill
Goodwill is allocated to the Group’s cash generating units (“CGU”) identified according to country of operation and 
business segment as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Exhibition and distribution — Singapore 475,034 568,959
   
The Group identified a shortfall in actual results against previous forecasts due to various factors, including but not 
limited to, the growing trend of streaming services and wildfires in California impacting productions in Hollywood.
The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined based on value-in-use calculations. These calculations use cash flow 
projections based on financial budgets approved by management covering a period of five years and a pre-tax discount 
rate of 15.0% (2024: 15.7%), which reflects specific risks relating to the Group’s Singapore segment. Cash flows beyond 
the five-year period are extrapolated using an estimated growth rate of 2% (2024: 2%), which do not exceed the long-
term average growth rates for the business in which the CGU operates.
The key assumptions used in the financial budgets during the forecast period were annual growth rates of 7 to 12% (2024: 
4 to 23%) and gross profit margins of 61% to 62% (2024: 61 to 62%).
An impairment loss of HK$126,058,000 was recognised in “other operating expenses” during the year ended 31 
December 2025, which was primarily attributable to the growing trend of streaming services and wildfires in California 
impacting productions in Hollywood. As the CGU has been reduced to its recoverable amount of HK$1,094,385,000, any 
adverse change in the assumptions used in the calculation of recoverable amount would result in further impairment 
losses.


--- Page 138 ---

136 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Notes to the Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2025
16 INVENTORIES
Inventories are carried at cost of HK$3,041,000 at 31 December 2025 (2024: HK$3,262,000) which comprised largely food 
and beverages for resale.
17 FILM RIGHTS
Film rights represent films, television drama series and self-produced programmes.
In accordance with note 2(k) of the Group’s accounting policies, the Group performed impairment tests at 31 December 
2025 and 2024 by comparing the attributable carrying amounts of the film rights/self-produced programmes with the 
recoverable amounts.
The directors assessed the recoverable amounts of the film rights based on the present value of estimated discounted 
future cash flows. Impairment of HK$431,000 (2024: HK$544,000) for film rights from continuing operations was 
recognised in “other operating expenses” for the year ended 31 December 2025.
18 RECEIVABLES, DEPOSITS AND PREPAYMENTS
(a) Trade receivables
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Trade receivables 11,427 16,900
Less: Loss allowance (593) (117)
   
10,834 16,783
   
(i) Ageing analysis
As of the end of the reporting period, the ageing analysis of trade receivables (which are included in trade 
and other receivables), based on the invoice date and net of loss allowance, is as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Within 1 month 7,685 11,965
Over 1 month but within 2 months 1,494 2,304
Over 2 months but within 3 months 83 968
Over 3 months 1,572 1,546
   
10,834 16,783
   
The Group usually grants credit periods ranging from one to three months. Each customer has a credit limit 
and overdue balances are regularly reviewed by management.
In view of the aforementioned and the fact that the Group’s trade receivables relate to a large number of 
diversified customers, the concentration of credit risk is not considered significant. Trade receivables are 
non-interest-bearing. The carrying amounts of the trade receivables approximate their fair values. Further 
details of the Group’s credit policy are set out in note 25(a) to the financial statements.
(b) All of the other receivables, deposits and prepayments (including amounts due from related companies) are 
expected to be recoverable within one year.


--- Page 139 ---

137
Notes to the Financial Statements
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
for the year ended 31 December 2025
19 DEPOSITS AND CASH
(a) Deposits and cash comprise:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Deposits at banks 157,931 10,126
Cash at bank and in hand 100,686 123,442
   
Cash and cash equivalents in consolidated statement of cash flows 258,617 133,568
   
As at 31 December 2025, deposits and cash placed with banks in Mainland China amounted to HK$4,112,000 (2024: 
HK$116,000). Remittance of funds out of Mainland China is subject to relevant rules and regulations of foreign 
exchange control promulgated by the government of Mainland China.
(b) Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities from financing activities, including both cash and non-
cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are liabilities for which cash flows were, or future cash 
flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows from financing activities.
Bank loans 
and other 
borrowings
Lease 
liabilities Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
(Note 20) (Note 22)
At 1 January 2025 169,981 398,826 568,807
Changes from financing cash flows:
Proceeds from new bank loans 11,960 – 11,960
Repayment of bank loans (191,360) – (191,360)
Capital element of lease rentals paid – (79,382) (79,382)
Interest element of lease rentals paid – (10,508) (10,508)
    
Total changes from financing cash flows (179,400) (89,890) (269,290)
    
Exchange adjustments 7,726 12,202 19,928
Other changes:
Increase in lease liabilities from entering into  
new leases during the year – 7,362 7,362
Interest expenses (note 6(a)) – 10,508 10,508
Lease modifications – (167,083) (167,083)
Other ancillary borrowing costs 1,693 – 1,693
    
Total other changes 1,693 (149,213) (147,520)
    
At 31 December 2025 – 171,925 171,925
    


--- Page 140 ---

138 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Notes to the Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2025
19 DEPOSITS AND CASH (CONTINUED)
(b) Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities (continued)
Bank loans 
and other 
borrowings
Lease 
liabilities Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
(Note 20) (Note 22)
At 1 January 2024 439,384 554,614 993,998
Changes from financing cash flows:
Proceeds from new bank loans 243,047 – 243,047
Repayment of bank loans (507,257) – (507,257)
Disposal of subsidiary (3,240) – (3,240)
Capital element of lease rentals paid – (113,427) (113,427)
Interest element of lease rentals paid – (16,945) (16,945)
    
Total changes from financing cash flows (267,450) (130,372) (397,822)
    
Exchange adjustments (5,014) (9,477) (14,491)
Other changes:
Interest expenses (note 6(a)) – 16,945 16,945
Lease modifications – (30,902) (30,902)
Rent concession – (1,982) (1,982)
Other ancillary borrowing costs 3,061 – 3,061
    
Total other changes 3,061 (15,939) (12,878)
    
At 31 December 2024 169,981 398,826 568,807
    


--- Page 141 ---

139
Notes to the Financial Statements
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
for the year ended 31 December 2025
19 DEPOSITS AND CASH (CONTINUED)
(c) Total cash outflow for leases
Amounts included in the consolidated statement of cash flows for leases comprise the following:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Within operating cash flows 13,140 6,730
Within financing cash flows 89,890 130,372
   
103,030 137,102
   
These amounts relate to the following:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Lease rentals paid 103,030 137,102
   
20 BANK LOANS
As at 31 December 2025, all bank loans were fully repaid.
21 TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES, ACCRUED CHARGES AND DEFERRED INCOME
(a) Trade payables
The ageing analysis of trade payables, based on the invoice date, as of the end of the reporting period:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Within 3 months 52,617 50,166
4 to 6 months 96 137
7 to 12 months 1,268 1,274
Over 1 year 11,031 10,312
   
65,012 61,889
   
All trade payables of the Group were unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.
(b) All of the other payables and accrued charges (including amounts due to related companies) are expected to be 
settled within one year or are repayable on demand.


--- Page 142 ---

140 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Notes to the Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2025
21 TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES, ACCRUED CHARGES AND DEFERRED INCOME 
(CONTINUED)
(c) Deferred income represents contract liabilities arising from billings in advance and customers’ advances and 
deferred government grant. All of the other deferred income is expected to be recognised as income within one 
year.
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Contract liabilities 14,037 44,407
   
Movements in contract liabilities
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Balance at 1 January 44,407 53,680
Decrease in contract liabilities as a result of recognising revenue  
during the year that was included in the contract liabilities  
at the beginning of the year (39,450) (14,415)
Increase in contract liabilities as a result of receiving billings in  
advance and customers’ advances during the year 7,621 8,532
Disposal – (1,933)
Exchange adjustments 1,459 (1,457)
   
Balance at 31 December 14,037 44,407
   
22 LEASE LIABILITIES
As at the end of the year, the lease liabilities were repayable as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Within 1 year 62,725 105,529
   
After 1 year but within 2 years 38,303 77,642
After 2 years but within 5 years 60,918 170,636
After 5 years 9,979 45,019
   
109,200 293,297
   
171,925 398,826
   


--- Page 143 ---

141
Notes to the Financial Statements
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
for the year ended 31 December 2025
23 INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
(a) Current taxation in the consolidated statement of financial position represents:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Provision for taxation for the year 7,708 8,005
Tax paid during the year (7,703) (3,829)
Balance of tax provision relating to prior years 6,416 5,571
   
6,421 9,747
   
(b) Deferred tax liabilities recognised:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Net deferred tax liabilities recognised in the consolidated statement of 
financial position 114,244 138,981
   
The components of deferred tax liabilities recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position and the 
movements during the year are as follows:
Fair value 
adjustments 
arising from 
business 
combinations
Depreciation 
allowances in 
excess of 
related 
depreciation
Right-of-use 
asset
Lease 
liabilities
Intangible 
assets 
acquired 
in business 
combinations Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Deferred tax arising from:
At 1 January 2025 61,675 10,795 29,878 (37,268) 73,901 138,981
Exchange adjustments 3,214 602 1,653 (2,036) 4,392 7,825
(Credited)/charged to profit or loss  
(note 7(a)) (33,790) (3,024) (9,193) 13,445 – (32,562)
       
At 31 December 2025 31,099 8,373 22,338 (25,859) 78,293 114,244
       
At 1 January 2024 65,157 10,911 42,556 (53,041) 76,616 142,199
Exchange adjustments (2,285) (392) (1,318) 1,611 (2,715) (5,099)
(Credited)/charged to profit or loss  
(note 7(a)) (1,197) 276 (11,360) 14,162 – 1,881
       
At 31 December 2024 61,675 10,795 29,878 (37,268) 73,901 138,981
       
(c) Deferred tax assets not recognised
At 31 December 2025, the Group has not recognised deferred tax assets in respect of accumulated tax losses of 
approximately HK$1,055,559,000 (2024: HK$1,168,806,000) as it is not probable that future taxable profits against 
which the losses can be utilised will be available in the relevant tax jurisdiction and entity. The tax losses do not 
expire under current tax legislation except for the balances of HK$7,325,464 (2024: HK$10,462,143) which can only 
be carried forward for five years under the laws of the relevant jurisdiction.


--- Page 144 ---

142 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Notes to the Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2025
24 CAPITAL AND RESERVES
(a) Share capital
2025 2024
No. of shares Amount No. of shares Amount
HK$’000 HK$’000
Authorised:
Ordinary shares of HK$0.10 each 2,799,669,050 279,967 6,000,000,000 600,000
     
Ordinary shares, issued and fully paid:
At 1 January and 31 December 2,799,669,050 279,967 2,799,669,050 279,967
     
(i) Share option scheme
Equity-settled share-based transactions
The old share option scheme (the “Old Scheme”) was initially valid and effective from 11 November 2009 
and has expired on 10 November 2019. Pursuant to an ordinary resolution of the Company passed on 19 
June 2020, the Company adopted a new share option scheme (the “New Scheme”). The purpose of the 
New Scheme was to enable the Company to grant options to eligible participants as incentives or rewards 
for their contribution to the growth of the Group and to provide the Group with a more flexible means to 
reward, remunerate, compensate and/or provide benefits to the eligible participants. Eligible participants 
of the New Share Option Scheme include the Company’s directors, including independent non-executive 
directors, and other employees of the Group and shareholders of the Company. The Scheme became 
effective on 19 June 2020 and will remain in force for 10 years from that date.
Share options granted to a director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company, or any of 
their associates, are subject to approval in advance by the independent non-executive directors (excluding 
any independent non-executive director who is the grantee of the option).
The offer of a grant of share options must be accepted within 30 days inclusive of, and from the day of the 
offer, upon payment of a nominal consideration of HK$1 by the grantee. The vesting period, the exercise 
period and the number of shares subject to each option are determinable by the directors. The exercise 
period may not exceed 10 years commencing on such date on or after the date of grant as the directors 
of the Company may determine in granting the share options and ending on such date as the directors 
of the Company may determine in granting the share options. Save as determined by the directors of 
the Company and provided in the offer of the grant of the relevant share option, there is no general 
requirement that a share option must be held for any minimum period before it can be exercised.


--- Page 145 ---

143
Notes to the Financial Statements
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
for the year ended 31 December 2025
24 CAPITAL AND RESERVES (CONTINUED)
(a) Share capital (continued)
(i) Share option scheme (continued)
Equity-settled share-based transactions (continued)
The exercise price of the share options is determinable by the directors, provided always that it shall be at 
least the higher of (i) the closing price of the Company’s shares on the Stock Exchange on the date of offer 
of grant of the share options; (ii) the average Stock Exchange’s closing price of the Company’s shares for the 
five trading days immediately preceding the date of the offer; and (iii) the nominal value of the Company’s 
shares.
The maximum number of shares of the Company issuable upon exercise of all share options granted and to 
be granted under the Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company (if any) is an amount 
equivalent to 10% of the shares of the Company in issue as at 19 June 2020. This limit can be refreshed by 
the shareholders of the Company in a general meeting in accordance with the provisions of the Listing 
Rules. The maximum number of shares issuable under share options granted to each eligible participant 
under the Scheme within any 12-month period, is limited to 1% of the shares of the Company in issue at 
any time. Any further grant of share options in excess of this limit is subject to the shareholders’ approval in 
a general meeting.
Share options do not confer rights on the holders to dividends or to vote at shareholders’ meetings.
There were no share options issued to the Directors, chief executive and other employees of the Group 
during the year ended 31 December 2025. At no time during the year was the Company or any of its 
subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the Company’s directors, their respective spouses or 
children under 18 years of age to acquire benefits by means of acquisition of shares in or debentures of the 
Company or any other body corporate.
(ii) Dividends
The directors do not recommend the payment of final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2025 (2024: 
Nil).


--- Page 146 ---

144 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Notes to the Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2025
24 CAPITAL AND RESERVES (CONTINUED)
(b) Reserves
(i) The Group
Details of the movements in reserves of the Group during the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 are 
set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity.
(ii) The Company
Share 
premium
Capital 
redemption 
reserve
Contributed 
surplus
Retained 
profits Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
At 1 January 2025 771,749 15,886 271,644 7,043 1,066,322
Changes in reserves for 2025:
Loss for the year – – – (2,401) (2,401)      
At 31 December 2025 771,749 15,886 271,644 4,642 1,063,921
      
Share 
premium
Capital 
redemption 
reserve
Contributed 
surplus
Retained 
profits Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
At 1 January 2024 771,749 15,886 271,644 9,571 1,068,850
Changes in reserves for 2024:
Loss for the year – – – (2,528) (2,528)      
At 31 December 2024 771,749 15,886 271,644 7,043 1,066,322      
(c) Nature and purpose of reserves
(i) Share premium and capital redemption reserve
The application of the share premium account is governed by Sections 40 and 54 of the Companies Act 
1981 of Bermuda.
(ii) Share option reserve
The share option reserve represents the fair value of the number of unexercised share options granted to 
employees of the Company recognised in accordance with the accounting policy adopted for share-based 
payments in note 2(r)(ii).
(iii) Capital redemption reserve
The capital redemption reserve represents the nominal value of the share capital of the Company 
repurchased and cancelled.


--- Page 147 ---

145
Notes to the Financial Statements
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
for the year ended 31 December 2025
24 CAPITAL AND RESERVES (CONTINUED)
(c) Nature and purpose of reserves (continued)
(iv) Contributed surplus
The contributed surplus represents (i) the difference between the nominal value of the Company’s shares in 
issue, in exchange for the issued share capital of the subsidiaries, and the aggregate net asset value of the 
subsidiaries acquired at the date of acquisition; and (ii) the net transfer of HK$80,000,000 after setting off the 
accumulated losses from the share premium account pursuant to the Company’s capital reorganisation in 
May 2007. Under the Bermuda Companies Act 1981 (as amended), the contributed surplus of the Company 
is distributable to shareholders of the Company.
(v) Reserve funds
In accordance with the relevant regulations in the PRC, the companies established therein are required to 
transfer a certain percentage of their profits after tax to the reserve funds until the balance reaches 50% 
of the registered capital. Subject to certain restrictions set out in the relevant PRC regulations, the reserve 
funds may be used either to offset losses, or for capitalisation by way of paid-up capital.
(vi) Exchange reserve
The exchange reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of the 
financial statements of foreign subsidiaries and joint ventures. The reserve is dealt with in accordance with 
the accounting policy set out in note 2(v).
(d) Distributability of reserves
At 31 December 2025, the aggregate amount of reserves available for distribution to equity holders of the 
Company representing the retained profits, amounted to HK$4,642,000 (2024: HK$7,043,000). In addition, the 
Company’s share premium account, contributed surplus, and capital redemption reserve in an aggregate amount 
of HK$1,059,279,000 (2024: HK$1,059,279,000), as at 31 December 2025 may be distributed to shareholders in 
certain circumstance as prescribed by Section 54 of the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda.
(e) Capital management
The Group’s primary objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going 
concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders, by pricing 
products and services commensurately with the level of risk and by securing access to finance at a reasonable 
cost.
The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its gearing structure to maintain a balance between the 
higher shareholder returns that might be possible with higher levels of borrowings and the advantages and 
security afforded by a sound capital position, and makes adjustments to the gearing structure in light of changes 
in economic conditions.
The Group monitors its gearing structure calculated on the basis of external borrowings, which includes bank 
loans and lease liabilities.


--- Page 148 ---

146 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Notes to the Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2025
24 CAPITAL AND RESERVES (CONTINUED)
(e) Capital management (continued)
The Group’s adjusted net debt-to-capital ratio at 31 December 2025 and 2024 was as follows:
2025 2024
Note HK$’000 HK$’000
Current liabilities:
Bank loans – 13,965
Lease liabilities 62,725 105,529
    
62,725 119,494
    
Non-current liabilities:
Bank loans – 156,016
Lease liabilities 109,200 293,297
    
109,200 449,313
    
Total debt 171,925 568,807
Less: Cash and cash equivalents 19 (258,617) (133,568)
    
Adjusted net (cash)/debt (86,692) 435,239
    
Total equity 1,288,139 1,169,790
    
Adjusted net debt-to-capital ratio N/A 37%
    
Exposure to credit, liquidity, currency and interest rate risks arises in the normal course of the Group’s business. 
These risks are limited by the Group’s financial management policies and practices described below.


--- Page 149 ---

147
Notes to the Financial Statements
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
for the year ended 31 December 2025
25 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
(a) Credit risk
Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in a financial loss 
to the Group. The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to trade and other receivables and deposits and cash.
In respect of deposits and cash, the Group only places deposits with major financial institutions in Hong Kong and 
Singapore.
In respect of trade and other receivables, the Group has established credit control policies of which credit limits, 
credit approvals and other monitoring procedures for debts recovery are in place to minimise the credit risk. In 
addition, management reviews the recoverable amount of each individual receivable regularly to ensure that 
adequate loss allowances are made for irrecoverable amounts. With such policies in place, the Group has been 
able to maintain its bad debts at minimal level.
The Group measures loss allowances for trade receivables at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs, which is 
calculated using a provision matrix. As the Group’s historical credit loss experience does not indicate significantly 
different loss patterns for different customer segments, the loss allowance based on past due status is not 
further distinguished between the Group’s different customer bases. The allowance for expected credit losses is 
insignificant.
(b) Liquidity risk
The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor its liquidity requirements and its compliance with lending covenants 
and its relationship with finance providers, to ensure that it maintains sufficient reserves of cash and adequate 
committed lines of funding from major financial institutions to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and 
longer term. Note 2(b) explains management’s plans for managing the liquidity needs of the Group to enable it to 
continue to meet its obligations as they fall due.
The following table details the remaining contractual maturities at the end of the reporting period of the Group’s 
non-derivative financial liabilities and derivative financial liabilities, which are based on:
— contractual undiscounted cash flows (including interest payments computed using contractual rates or, if 
floating, based on rates current at the end of the reporting period) and the date the Group is contractually 
required to pay, or if the counterparty has the choice of when the amount should be paid (irrespective of 
the fulfilment of covenants), the earliest date the Group can be required to pay; and
— expected undiscounted cash flows provided to the Group’s key management personnel and the date the 
Group is expected to pay, shown as adjustment to the contractual undiscounted cash flows if the timing 
and/or amount to the cash flows are expected to be different from the contractual undiscounted cash 
flows.
As deposits received do not have fixed repayment terms, their carrying amounts have not been included in the 
table.


--- Page 150 ---

148 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Notes to the Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2025
25 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
(CONTINUED)
(b) Liquidity risk (continued)
As at 31 December 2025
Carrying amount
Total 
contractual 
undiscounted 
cash flow
Within 1 year 
or on demand
More than 
1 year but less 
than 2 years
More than 
2 years but less 
than 5 years
More than 
5 years
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Trade payables 65,012 65,012 65,012 – – –
Other payables and accrued charges 86,391 86,391 86,391 – – –
Lease liabilities 171,925 187,123 68,748 42,335 65,872 10,168
Bank loans (i) – – – – – –
       
323,328 338,526 220,151 42,335 65,872 10,168
       
As at 31 December 2024
Carrying amount
Total 
contractual 
undiscounted 
cash flow
Within 1 year 
or on demand
More than 
1 year but less 
than 2 years
More than 
2 years but less 
than 5 years
More than 
5 years
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Trade payables 61,889 61,889 61,889 – – –
Other payables and accrued charges 123,320 123,320 123,320 – – –
Lease liabilities 398,826 435,320 118,266 86,843 183,991 46,220
Bank loans 169,981 196,357 21,196 23,309 151,852 –
Derivative financial liabilities 507 507 – – 507 –
       
754,523 817,393 324,671 110,152 336,350 46,220
       


--- Page 151 ---

149
Notes to the Financial Statements
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
for the year ended 31 December 2025
25 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
(CONTINUED)
(c) Currency risk
The Group has foreign currency monetary assets and liabilities that are denominated in a currency other than 
the functional currency of the entity to which they relate. Exchange differences arising on settling or translating 
these foreign currency monetary items at rates different from those at dates of transactions giving rise to these 
monetary items are recognised in profit or loss.
The Group enters into transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the entity to 
which they relate. Consequently, the Group is exposed to risks that the exchange rate of the relevant functional 
currency relative to other foreign currencies may change in a manner that has an adverse effect on the value 
of that portion of the Group’s assets or liabilities denominated in currencies other than the relevant functional 
currency. As the Hong Kong dollar is pegged to the United States dollar, the Group does not expect any significant 
movements in the HKD/USD exchange rate. The currencies giving rise to foreign currency risk are primarily 
Renminbi and Singapore dollars. Management of the Group continuously monitors the Group’s exposure to such 
foreign currency risks to ensure they are at manageable levels.
(i) Exposure to currency risk
The following table details the Group’s exposure at the end of the reporting period to currency risk arising 
from recognised assets or liabilities denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of 
the entity to which they relate. For presentation purpose, the amount of exposure are shown in original 
currencies.
Exposure to foreign currencies
2025 2024
Renminbi
Singapore 
dollars Renminbi
Singapore 
dollars
‘000 ‘000 ‘000 ‘000
Deposits and cash 1,648 67 1,287 83
Other payables and accrued charges (312) – (312) –
Intercompany balance 278,085 (27,663) 278,085 (27,663)
     
Net exposure to currency risk 279,421 (27,596) 279,060 (27,580)
     


--- Page 152 ---

150 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Notes to the Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2025
25 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
(CONTINUED)
(c) Currency risk (continued)
(ii) Sensitivity analysis
The following table indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s profit/(loss) after taxation and 
retained earnings that would have arisen if foreign exchange rates to which the Group has significant 
exposure at the end of the reporting period had changed at that date, assuming all other risk variables 
remained constant. Other components of equity would not be affected by changes in the foreign exchange 
rates:
2025 2024
Increase/
(decrease) 
in foreign 
exchange 
rates
Increase/
(decrease) in 
profit after 
taxation and 
retained 
earnings
Increase/
(decrease) 
in foreign 
exchange 
rates
Decrease/
(increase) in 
loss after 
taxation and 
increase/
(decrease) in 
retained 
earnings
HK$’000 HK$’000
Renminbi 5% 12,949 5% 12,350
(5)% (12,949) (5)% (12,350)
Singapore dollars 5% (6,940) 5% 6,547
(5)% 6,940 (5)% (6,547)
     
Results of the analysis in the above table present an aggregation of the instantaneous effects on each of the 
Group entities’ profit after taxation and equity measured in the respective functional currencies and shown 
in original currencies.
The sensitivity analysis assumes that the change in foreign exchange rates had been applied to re-measure 
those financial instruments held by the Group which expose the Group to foreign currency risk at the end 
of the reporting period, including inter-company payables and receivables within the Group which are 
denominated in a currency other than the functional currencies of the lender or the borrower. The analysis 
excludes differences that would result from the translation of the financial statements of foreign operations 
into the Group’s presentation currency. The analysis has been performed on the same basis as for 2024.


--- Page 153 ---

151
Notes to the Financial Statements
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
for the year ended 31 December 2025
25 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
(CONTINUED)
(d) Interest rate risk
Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of 
changes in market interest rates. The Group’s exposure to interest rate risk arises primarily to the Group’s short and 
long-term loans. Borrowings at floating rates expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk. Borrowings at fixed 
rates expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk.
The Group manages its interest rate risk exposures in accordance with defined policies through regular review 
with a focus on reducing the Group’s overall cost of funding as well as having regard to the floating/fixed rate mix 
appropriate to its current business portfolio.
(i) Interest rate profile
The following table details the interest rate profile of the Group’s borrowings and derivative financial 
instrument at the end of the reporting period:
2025 2024
Effective rate Effective rate
% HK$’000 % HK$’000
Fixed rate borrowings:
Lease liabilities 2.35%–4.85% 171,925 2.38%–4.85% 398,826
     
Variable rate borrowings:
Bank loans (note 20) – – 4.32%–4.38% 169,981
     
Derivative financial instrument:
Interest rate swap – – 2.95% 507
     
(ii) Sensitivity analysis
At 31 December 2025, the Group’s interest rate risk relates primarily to the Group’s obligations under leases. 
There is no significant interest rate risk as the majority of the Group’s interest-bearing instruments are at 
fixed rate.
At 31 December 2024, it is estimated that a general increase/decrease of 1% in interest rates, with all other 
variables held constant, would have increased/decreased the Group’s loss after taxation and decreased/
increased the Group’s total equity by approximately HK$1,411,000.
The sensitivity analysis above had been determined assuming that the change in interest rates had 
occurred at the end of the reporting period and had been applied to the exposure to interest rate risk in 
existence at that date. The 1% increase/decrease represented management’s assessment of a reasonable 
possible change in interest rates over the period until the next annual end of the reporting period.


--- Page 154 ---

152 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Notes to the Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2025
25 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
(CONTINUED)
(e) Fair value measurement
(i) Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value
Fair value hierarchy
The following table presents the fair value of the Group’s financial instruments measured at the end of 
the reporting period on a recurring basis, categorised into the three-level fair value hierarchy as defined in 
HKFRS 13, Fair value measurement. The level into which a fair value measurement is classified is determined 
with reference to the observability and significance of the inputs used in the valuation technique as follows:
• Level 1 valuations: Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs i.e. unadjusted quoted prices in 
active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date
• Level 2 valuations: Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs i.e. observable inputs which fail to 
meet Level 1, and not using significant unobservable inputs. Unobservable 
inputs are inputs for which market data are not available.
• Level 3 valuations: Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs
The following table presents the Group’s financial liabilities that were measured at fair value at 31 December 
2024. These financial liabilities were terminated in 2025.
Fair value at 
31 December 
2024
Fair value measurements 
at 31 December 2024 categorised into
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Financial liabilities measured  
at fair value
— Interest rate swap 507 – 507 –
     


--- Page 155 ---

153
Notes to the Financial Statements
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
for the year ended 31 December 2025
26 CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
At 31 December 2025, the Company has issued corporate guarantee to the bank in respect of banking facilities granted 
to certain subsidiaries amounting to HK$30,300,000 (2024: HK$200,200,000). The banking facilities were secured by a 
property (2024: two properties) of a subsidiary located in Singapore. At 31 December 2025, banking facilities of HK$Nil 
(2024: HK$171,600,000) had been utilised by the subsidiaries.
At 31 December 2025, the directors do not consider it probable that a claim will be made against the Company under 
any of the guarantees. The Company has not recognised any deferred income in respect of bank guarantees as their fair 
values cannot be reliably measured and no transaction price was incurred.
Certain subsidiaries of the Group are involved in litigation arising in the ordinary course of their respective businesses. 
Having reviewed outstanding claims and taking into account legal advice received, the directors are of the opinion that 
even if the claims are found to be valid, there will be no material adverse effect on the financial position of the Group.
27 MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
In addition to the transactions and balances disclosed elsewhere in these financial statements, the Group entered into 
the following material related party transactions.
2025 2024
Note HK$’000 HK$’000
Lease accrual (i) – 1,003
Disposal of interests in certain subsidiaries in Mainland China (ii) – 2,700
    
Notes:
(i) This represented the prepayment and accrual of rental payments and management fees for the lease with a related company. 
The rental payments were charged on normal commercial terms.
(ii) On 20 December 2024, the Group had entered into the sale and purchase agreement with a connected person to dispose of its 
interest in certain subsidiaries in Mainland China for total consideration of HK$2,700,000.
28 DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS
(a) Disposal of interest in joint venture
On 21 June 2024, the Group entered into a share purchase agreement with an independent third party to dispose 
of its interest in a joint venture in Taiwan for total consideration of NT$1,249,835,000 (see note 13). The share of 
net assets at the date of disposal and the reconciliation to gain on disposal are as follows:
HK$’000
Share of net assets disposed of (8,675)
Direct transaction costs (6,958)
Cash consideration received 301,208
  
Gain on disposal of joint venture 285,575
  


--- Page 156 ---

154 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Notes to the Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2025
28 DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS (CONTINUED)
(b) Disposal of 360 Stage operations
On 20 December 2024, the Group entered into a sale and purchase agreement with the controlling shareholder 
to dispose of its interests in subsidiaries which operate the 360 Stage operations.
Upon completion of the 360 Stage operations disposal, the Group no longer engages in 360 Stage operations. 
Accordingly, this operation was classified as discontinued operations.
The assets and liabilities on the date of disposal and the reconciliation to gain on disposal are as follows:
HK$’000
Trade receivables 677
Inventories 752
Other receivables, deposits and prepayments 21,148
Cash and cash equivalents 2,711
Right-of-use assets 493,480
Bank loans (3,210)
Other payables and accrued charges (16,597)
Deferred income (495,395)
Amount due to related companies (901)
  
Net assets disposed of 2,665
  
HK$’000
Net assets disposed of (2,665)
Cash consideration received 2,700
  
Gain on disposal of 360 Stage operations 35
  
Net cash outflow arising from disposal:
HK$’000
Cash consideration received 2,700
Cash and cash equivalents disposed of (2,711)
  
Net cash outflow (11)
  


--- Page 157 ---

155
Notes to the Financial Statements
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
for the year ended 31 December 2025
28 DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS (CONTINUED)
(c) Results of discontinued operations
Discontinued operations
2025 2024
Note HK$’000 HK$’000
Revenue 3 & 4 – 17,184
Cost of sales – (22,753)
    
Gross loss – (5,569)
Other revenue 5(a) – 25,211
Other net loss 5(b) – (2,590)
Selling and distribution costs – (57,012)
General and administrative expenses – (6,635)
Other operating expenses – (315,503)
    
Loss from operations – (362,098)
Finance costs 6(a) – (76)
Share of loss of a joint venture – (11,325)
Gain on disposal of interest in discontinued operations – 285,610
Exchange reserve realised upon disposal – 13,310
    
Loss before taxation 6 – (74,579)
Income tax credit 7(a) – 2
    
Loss for the year from discontinued operations – (74,577)
    
Attributable to:
Equity shareholders of the Company – (74,577)
Non-controlling interests – –
    
– (74,577)
    
Cash flow
Cash flows generated from operating activities – (33,863)
Cash flows generated from investing activities – 278,449
Cash flows generated from financing activities – –
    
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents from 
discontinued operations – 244,586
    


--- Page 158 ---

156 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Notes to the Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2025
29 DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES IN 2017 — REMAINING CONSIDERATION AND 
CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
On 25 January 2017, Giant Harvest Limited (“Giant Harvest”), an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, 
entered into a sale and purchase agreement (the “Sale and Purchase Agreement”) with True Vision Limited (“True 
Vision”), pursuant to which Giant Harvest conditionally agreed to sell and True Vision conditionally agreed to purchase, 
the entire equity interest of City Entertainment Corporation Limited (“CECL”) at a consideration of RMB3.286 billion 
(the “Disposal”). Orange Sky Golden Harvest Cinema (China) Company Limited, the entity operating the Group’s 
film exhibition business in Mainland China, was owned as to 92.59% by CECL and 7.41% by Jiaxing Credit Prosperity 
Investment Enterprise (Limited Partnership). The Disposal was completed on 28 July 2017.
The initial consideration of RMB3.286 billion was subsequently adjusted to RMB3.290 billion. Pursuant to the Sale and 
Purchase Agreement, the consideration is subject to further adjustments based on the difference between the net debt 
value of the disposal group as at 31 December 2016 and that derived from the completion accounts (the “Net Debt 
Adjustment”). In 2018, the completion accounts were circulated among the Group and Nan Hai Corporation Limited 
(“Nan Hai”, the holding company and guarantor of True Vision). However, the Net Debt Adjustment is yet to be agreed 
between the two parties up to the date of approval of these financial statements.
Other than the Net Debt Adjustment, the consideration is subject to a refund of an amount up to RMB380 million to Nan 
Hai, depending on the results of lease renewal or negotiation of new leases of certain cinema premises as detailed in 
the Sale and Purchase Agreement. The amount of refund is determined with reference to the terms and outcome of the 
lease renewal and the economic value of the renewed leases, subject to agreement with Nan Hai. The amount of refund, 
if any, is yet to be agreed between the two parties up to the date of approval of these financial statements.
In 2017, the Group received an amount of RMB2,990,257,000 (equivalent to HK$3,455,908,000) in connection with the 
Disposal. The remaining consideration of RMB300,000,000 is held in escrow and the recoverability of which is dependent 
on the Net Debt Adjustment and the refund, if any, determined based on the results of lease renewal or negotiation of 
new leases of certain cinema premises, which are subject to further negotiations and agreement between the Group 
and Nan Hai. The directors assessed that the fair value of the consideration for the Disposal, based on the then latest 
available information, to be RMB2.990 billion, being the cash consideration received by the Group, which was used to 
determine the profit on the Disposal. Any difference between the final consideration received and the fair value of the 
consideration as assessed by the directors will result in adjustment to the gain on disposal of subsidiaries and will be 
recognised in profit or loss upon finalisation of the consideration.
Pursuant to the completion accounts of the disposal group, Giant Harvest calculated the remaining consideration 
for the Disposal to be RMB252,207,000 (equivalent to US$37,384,000). As True Vision did not execute the joint written 
instructions to the escrow agent for settlement of the remaining consideration to the Group while Nan Hai, the 
guarantor of True Vision, failed to perform such payment obligation, the Group commenced legal proceedings against 
True Vision and Nan Hai in September 2018 claiming a sum of US$37,384,000, being the remaining consideration for the 
Disposal, and seeking other remedies, including interest and costs.
Subsequently, Nan Hai made various allegations against the Company and Giant Harvest and counter-claimed for 
the loss arising from the breach of Sale and Purchase Agreement by Giant Harvest. In October and November 2018, 
Nan Hai issued writs of summons against the Company and Giant Harvest claiming amounts of RMB380,000,000 and 
RMB82,146,000 respectively and other remedies, including interest and costs (the “Said Claims”).
The directors of the Company disagree with the Said Claims made by Nan Hai. Further details of the legal proceedings 
are set out in the Company’s announcements dated 4 September 2018, 10 September 2018, 2 November 2018 and 9 
November 2018.
Based on the available evidence and the advice received from the Company’s legal advisor as at 31 December 2025, 
the directors of the Company have assessed the likelihood of the Group incurring a liability as a result of the Said Claims 
as remote. No provision has therefore been made in respect of the Said Claims as at 31 December 2025. In view of the 
ongoing legal proceedings, the Group has not recognised the remaining consideration claimed against True Vision and 
Nan Hai of RMB252,207,000 referred to above.


--- Page 159 ---

157
Notes to the Financial Statements
橙天嘉禾娛 樂（集團）有限公司    年報 2025
for the year ended 31 December 2025
30 ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
Note 25 contains information about the assumptions and their risk factors relating to financial risk management. Other 
key sources of estimation uncertainty are as follows:
Key sources of estimation uncertainty
Assessment of impairment of goodwill and trademarks with indefinite useful lives
The Group has performed an impairment test for goodwill and trademarks with indefinite useful lives in accordance with 
the accounting policy stated in note 2(k)(ii). For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill acquired and trademarks 
with indefinite useful lives has been allocated to individual cash-generating units which are reviewed for impairment 
based on forecast operating performance and cash flows. The recoverable amount of an asset or a cash-generating 
unit is determined based on value-in-use calculations. Cash flow projections are prepared on the basis of reasonable 
assumptions reflective of prevailing and future market conditions, and are discounted appropriately.
31 COMPANY-LEVEL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
2025 2024
Note HK$’000 HK$’000
Non-current assets
Interests in subsidiaries 1,343,739 1,346,393
    
Current assets
Prepayments 542 504
Deposits and cash 158 158
    
700 662
    
Current liabilities
Payables and accrued charges (551) (766)
    
Net current assets/(liabilities) 149 (104)
    
NET ASSETS 1,343,888 1,346,289
    
CAPITAL AND RESERVES
Share capital 279,967 279,967
Reserves 24(b)(ii) 1,063,921 1,066,322
    
TOTAL EQUITY 1,343,888 1,346,289
    


--- Page 160 ---

158 ORANGE SKY GOLDEN HARVEST ENTERTAINMEN T (HOLDINGS) LIMITED    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Notes to the Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2025
32 POSSIBLE IMPACT OF AMENDMENTS, NEW STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS 
ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
Up to the date of issue of these financial statements, the HKICPA has issued a number of new or amended standards, 
which are not yet effective for the year ended 31 December 2025 and which have not been adopted in these financial 
statements. These developments include the following which may be relevant to the Group.
Effective for 
accounting 
periods 
beginning 
on or after
Amendments to HKFRS 9, Financial instruments and HKFRS 7, Financial instruments:  disclosures — 
Contracts referencing nature-dependent electricity
1 January 2026
Amendments to HKFRS 9, Financial instruments and HKFRS 7, Financial instruments: disclosures — 
Amendments to the classification and measurement of financial instruments
1 January 2026
Annual improvements to HKFRS Accounting Standards — Volume 11 1 January 2026
HKFRS 18, Presentation and disclosure in financial statements 1 January 2027
HKFRS 19, Subsidiaries without public accountability: disclosures 1 January 2027
The Group is in the process of making an assessment of what the impact of these developments is expected to be in the 
period of initial application. So far it has concluded that the adoption of them is unlikely to have a significant impact on 
the consolidated financial statements except for the following:
HKFRS 18, Presentation and disclosure in financial statements
HKFRS 18 will replace HKAS 1 Presentation of financial statements  and aims to improve the transparency and 
comparability of information about an entity’s financial statements. HKFRS 18 is effective for annual reporting periods 
beginning on or after 1 January 2027 and is to be applied retrospectively.
Among other changes, under HKFRS 18, entities are required to classify all income and expenses into five categories 
in the statement of profit or loss, namely the operating, investing, financing, discontinued operations and income tax 
categories. Entities are also required to provide specific disclosures about management-defined performance measures 
in a single note in the financial statements.
The Group does not plan to early adopt HKFRS 18 and is still in the process of assessing the impact of the adoption.


--- Page 161 ---




--- Page 162 ---

