THIS CIRCULAR IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION

If you are in any doubt as to any aspect of this circular or as to the action to be taken, you should consult your licensed
securities dealer, bank manager, solicitor, professional accountant or other professional adviser.

If you have sold or transferred all your shares in Greentech Technology International Limited, you should at once hand this
circular, together with the accompanying form of proxy, to the purchaser or transferee or the bank, licensed securities dealer
or other agent through whom the sale or transfer was effected for transmission to the purchaser or transferee.

Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited take no responsibility for
the contents of this circular, make no representation as to its accuracy or completeness and expressly disclaim any liability
whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from or in reliance upon the whole or any part of the contents of this circular.




  GREENTECH TECHNOLOGY INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
             綠科科技國際有限公司
                            (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
                                              (Stock Code: 00195)




           PROPOSED REMOVAL AND APPOINTMENT OF AUDITORS
                               AND
             NOTICE OF EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING




A notice convening the extraordinary general meeting of the Company to be held at Suites 2202-4 on 22/F, Tower 6 The
Gateway, Harbour City, 9 Canton Road, Tsim Sha Tsui, Kowloon, Hong Kong at 11:00 a.m. on Thursday, 21 May 2026
is set out on pages EGM-1 to EGM-3 of this circular. A form of proxy for use by the shareholders of the Company at the
extraordinary general meeting is enclosed with this circular. Such form of proxy is also published on the websites of Hong
Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company (www.green-technology.com.hk).

Whether or not you are able to attend the extraordinary general meeting, you are requested to complete and return the
accompanying form of proxy in accordance with the instructions printed thereon to the Company’s branch share registrar and
transfer office in Hong Kong, Tricor Investor Services Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong
Kong as soon as possible and in any event by 11:00 a.m. on Tuesday, 19 May 2026 or not later than 48 hours before the time
appointed for holding of the extraordinary general meeting or any adjournment thereof. Completion and return of the form
of proxy shall not preclude you from attending and voting in person at the extraordinary general meeting or any adjournment
thereof should you so wish and in such event, the form of proxy previously submitted shall be deemed to be revoked.

                                                                                                              5 May 2026
                                                            CONTENTS


                                                                                                                                       Page

Definitions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       1


Letter from the Board. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                3


Appendix I – Letter from Deloitte . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                      I-1


Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                         EGM-1




                                                                      –i–
                                      DEFINITIONS

      In this circular, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the
following meanings:

“2024 Annual Results”                  the annual results of the Group for the year ended 31
                                       December 2024

“Announcement”                         the announcement of the Company dated 17 April 2026

“Allegations”                          certain allegations against the Company and certain
                                       connected persons in the Complaint. For details, please
                                       refer to the announcements of the Company dated 13 March
                                       2026 and 1 April 2026

“Articles of Association”              the Articles of Association of the Company (as amended
                                       from time to time)

“Audit Committee”                      the audit committee of the Board

“Auditors”                             the auditors of the Company

“Baker Tilly”                          Baker Tilly Hong Kong Limited

“Board”                                the board of Directors

“Company”                              Greentech Technology International Limited, a company
                                       incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability
                                       and the Shares of which are listed on the main board of the
                                       Stock Exchange

“Complaint”                            an anonymous complaint received by Deloitte on 26
                                       February 2026, containing the Allegations. For details,
                                       please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 13
                                       March 2026 and 1 April 2026

“Deloitte”                             Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, the existing Auditors proposed
                                       to be removed at the EGM

“Director(s)”                          the director(s) of the Company




                                              –1–
                                DEFINITIONS


“EGM”                           the extraordinary general meeting of the Company
                                convened to be held at Suites 2202-4 on 22/F, Tower 6
                                The Gateway, Harbour City, 9 Canton Road, Tsim Sha
                                Tsui, Kowloon, Hong Kong on Thursday, 21 May 2026
                                at 11:00 a.m. to consider and, if thought fit, approve the
                                resolutions contained in the notice of the EGM which is
                                set out on pages EGM-1 to EGM-3 of this circular, or any
                                adjournment thereof

“Group”                         the Company and its subsidiaries

“HK$”                           Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong from
                                time to time

“Hong Kong”                     the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the
                                People’s Republic of China

“Latest Practicable Date”       30 April 2026, being the latest practicable date prior to
                                the printing of this circular for the purpose of ascertaining
                                certain information in this circular

“Listing Rules”                 the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock
                                Exchange

“Proposed Appointment”          the proposed appointment of RSM as the new Auditors,
                                subject to the approval of the Shareholders at the EGM

“Proposed Change of Auditors”   collectively, the Proposed Removal and the Proposed
                                Appointment

“Proposed Removal”              the proposed removal of Deloitte as the Auditors, subject to
                                the approval of the Shareholders at the EGM

“RSM”                           RSM Hong Kong, the new Auditors proposed to be
                                appointed at the EGM

“Share(s)”                      ordinary share(s) of HK$0.025 each in the share capital of
                                the Company

“Shareholder(s)”                the holder(s) of the Share(s)

“Stock Exchange”                The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited




                                       –2–
                            LETTER FROM THE BOARD




 GREENTECH TECHNOLOGY INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
            綠科科技國際有限公司
                      (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
                                        (Stock Code: 00195)

Executive Directors:                                          Registered office:
Tan Sri Dato’ Koo Yuen Kim P.S.M., D.P.T.J. J.P               Cricket Square
  (Chairman)                                                  Hutchins Drive
Ms. Xie Yue (Co-Chief Executive Officer)                      P.O. Box 2681
Mr. Li Zheng                                                  Grand Cayman
Ms. Peng Zhihong                                              KY1-1111
Datin Chong Lee Hui                                           Cayman Islands

Independent Non-executive Directors:                          Principal place of business
Datin Sri Lim Mooi Lang                                         in Hong Kong:
Mr. Kim Wooryang                                              Suites 2202-4, 22/F, Tower 6
Ms. Peng Wenting                                              The Gateway, Harbour City,
                                                              9 Canton Road
                                                              Tsim Sha Tsui, Kowloon
                                                              Hong Kong

                                                                                         5 May 2026

To the Shareholders

Dear Sir/Madam,

         PROPOSED REMOVAL AND APPOINTMENT OF AUDITORS

1.    INTRODUCTION

       References are made to the announcements of the Company dated 17 April 2026 and 30
April 2026 in relation to the Proposed Change of Auditors. The purpose of this circular is to provide
you with the notice of the EGM and to provide you with information regarding the resolutions to be
put forward at the EGM. Resolutions to be put forward at the EGM are the ordinary resolution for
the Proposed Removal and the ordinary resolution for the Proposed Appointment.



                                                –3–
                            LETTER FROM THE BOARD

2.    PROPOSED REMOVAL


       Deloitte was re-appointed as auditors of the Group at the last annual general meeting of
the Company held on 27 June 2024 to hold office until the conclusion of the next annual general
meeting of the Company. During the course of the audit process for the preparation of the 2024
Annual Results, the Company, the Audit Committee and the Directors have made their best efforts
to cooperate with Deloitte. However, in spite of numerous communications between the Group and
Deloitte, the Company has been given the impression that Deloitte is unable to issue an audit report
in relation to the 2024 Annual Results (“Audit Report”) in accordance with the timetable expected
by the Company as the investigation referred to in the announcement of the Company dated 1 April
2026 is still in progress up to the date of the Announcement.


       The anonymous Complaint relating to the Allegations was received by Deloitte on 26
February 2026, one day before the date when the Company originally planned to finalise the Audit
Report on 27 February 2026. The timing of this correspondence, being immediately before the
scheduled issuance of the Audit Report, was considered unusual by the Board and further disrupted
the audit process. Notwithstanding the receipt of the anonymous Complaint, the Company, the
Audit Committee and the Directors continued to fully cooperate with Deloitte on a best-effort
basis, including but not limited to swiftly engaging an independent investigator and an additional
investigator, as well as actively assisting in the related investigation process. However, Deloitte
and the Company have not reached any consensus on the timetable for the publication of the 2024
Annual Results.


       After numerous communications between the Group and Deloitte, during which the
Company and the Board had made their best and full efforts to cooperate with Deloitte to facilitate
the completion of the audit, the Board came to a unanimous view that it may not be in the interest
of the Company to continue to delay the publication of the 2024 Annual Results and subsequent
financial statements. After careful but reluctant consideration, taking into account the interests of
stakeholders and Shareholders and the need to be able to publish the 2024 Annual Results and other
outstanding financial results, the Audit Committee recommended, and the Board agreed, to propose
the Proposed Removal and the Proposed Appointment, subject to the passing of ordinary resolutions
at the EGM pursuant to the Articles of Association.


       The Company is incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands and to the knowledge
of the Board, there is no requirement under the laws of the Cayman Islands requiring the outgoing
auditors to confirm whether or not there is any circumstance connected with their cessation to act
as the Group’s auditors which they consider should be brought to the attention of the Shareholders.
The Board and the Audit Committee also confirm that, save as disclosed in this circular, there are
no other matters or circumstances in connection with the Proposed Removal that need to be brought
to the attention of the Shareholders.




                                               –4–
                            LETTER FROM THE BOARD

      Matters to be brought to the attention of the Shareholders


            On 20 April 2026, the Board and the Audit Committee received a representation letter
      from Deloitte (“Deloitte Written Representation”) setting out, among other things, matters
      that Deloitte considered necessary to be brought to the attention of the Shareholders and
      serving as Deloitte’s written representation pursuant to Rule 13.88 of the Listing Rules.


             Full text of Deloitte Written Representation is set out in the section headed “Appendix
      I – Letter from Deloitte” on pages I-1 to I-4 of this circular.


            The Board and the Audit Committee would like to emphasise that the draft of the
      Announcement, before its publication, had been passed to the engagement partner of Deloitte
      for Deloitte’s review and comment and comments received from the engagement partner had
      been reflected in the published version of the Announcement.


              The Board and the Audit Committee also wish to clarify that the Group’s gold trading
      activities only took place from 2020 to 2021, and there was no such trading activity in 2022,
      as opposed to the reference to “the Group’s gold trading business from 2020 to 2022” in
      Deloitte Written Representation.


            Shareholders and investors of the Company are recommended to read
      Deloitte Written Representation in conjunction with the above paragraphs for a full
      understanding of the Proposed Removal.


3.    PROPOSED APPOINTMENT


       Reference is made to the Announcement in which the Company announced that the Board
had previously resolved to appoint Baker Tilly as the incoming new auditor subject to certain
conditions.


        As stated in the Announcement, the proposed appointment of Baker Tilly as the new
incoming auditor is subject to, among other conditions, the satisfactory completion of Baker
Tilly’s client and engagement acceptance procedures. Reference is made to the announcement of
the Company dated 30 April 2026 in which the Board announced that the Company received a
letter from Baker Tilly dated 30 April 2026 stating that, taking into account of a number of factors,
including but not limited to Baker Tilly’s available internal resources and current workflows,
Baker Tilly decided not to proceed with the proposed appointment as the new Auditors. Baker
Tilly confirmed that they had not commenced any audit work in respect of the Group’s financial
statements for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2025. In this regard, Baker
Tilly confirmed that from their perspective, no matters need to be brought to the attention of the
Company’s members or creditors.




                                               –5–
                             LETTER FROM THE BOARD

       With the recommendation of the Audit Committee, subject to the Proposed Removal
becoming effective by way of passing an ordinary resolution at the EGM, the Board proposes to
appoint RSM as the new Auditors to fill the vacancy arising from the Proposed Removal and hold
office until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company.


        The Audit Committee has considered a number of factors in assessing RSM’s eligibility and
suitability to act as the auditor of the Company, including but not limited to (i) its audit proposal;
(ii) the resources to be allocated by RSM to complete the audit work for the Company; (iii) its
experience, industry knowledge and technical competence in providing audit work for companies
listed on the Stock Exchange; (iv) its independence from the Group; and (v) the guidelines issued
by the Stock Exchange and the Accounting and Financial Reporting Council in respect of change of
auditor.


     Based on the above, the Audit Committee considers RSM eligible and suitable to act as the
new Auditors.


       The Board, with the recommendation of the Audit Committee, has resolved to propose that
the Shareholders approve the appointment of RSM as the new Auditors to fill the casual vacancy
following the removal of Deloitte and to hold office until the conclusion of the next annual general
meeting of the Company. The Proposed Appointment is subject to the Proposed Removal becoming
effective and the passing of the ordinary resolution in respect of the Proposed Appointment at the
EGM. At present, the audit work in relation to the 2024 Annual Results is put on hold. Once RSM
is appointed by the Shareholders, the Company will continue to do its best to coordinate with RSM
to complete the audit procedures as soon as possible.


      The appointment of RSM as the Auditors is subject to the passing of an ordinary resolution at
the EGM and the satisfactory completion of RSM’s client and engagement acceptance procedures.

      Subject to the passing of the ordinary resolution for the appointment of RSM as the Auditors,
the estimated aggregate audit fees payable to RSM for the audit of the consolidated financial
statements of the Company and its subsidiaries for the financial year ended 31 December 2024
and the financial year ended 31 December 2025 respectively is expected to be in the range of
approximately HK$4 million to HK$5 million (exclusive of out-of-pocket expenses).


       The estimated audit fees have been determined after due consideration and arm’s length
negotiations between the Company and RSM, taking into account, among other things, the size,
nature and complexity of the Group’s business operations, the expected scope of the audit (covering
the consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting
Standards), the audit proposal, and the level and mix of professional staff to be deployed. The
estimated audit fee also assumes that there was no material change in the Group’s operations,




                                                –6–
                            LETTER FROM THE BOARD

accounting policies or regulatory environment during the financial year, and that the Company will
provide timely and adequate assistance and information as reasonably required for the purposes of
the audit.


       Unless there is a material change in the basis or assumptions set out above, the final audit
fee should not deviate materially from the estimated amount initially disclosed. In the event of any
material change, the Company will make further disclosure as appropriate.

4.    IMPLICATIONS UNDER THE LISTING RULES

      Pursuant to the Article 155(2) of the Articles of Association, the removal of an auditor before
the expiration of his term of office shall require the approval by way of ordinary resolution of the
members at a general meeting of the Company, and the members shall by ordinary resolution at that
meeting appoint another auditor in his stead for the remainder of his term.

      Pursuant to Rule 13.88 of the Listing Rules, (a) the Company must not remove its auditor
before the end of the auditor’s term of office without first obtaining Shareholders’ approval at a
general meeting; (b) the Company must send a circular proposing the removal of the auditor to
the Shareholders with any written representations from the auditor not less than 10 business days
before the general meeting; and (c) the Company must allow the auditor to attend the general
meeting and make written and/or verbal representations to the Shareholders at the general meeting.
The Company has in its notice to Deloitte dated 17 April 2026 informed Deloitte of the rights of
making representations.

      In compliance with the Articles of Association and the Listing Rules, the Proposed Removal
and the Proposed Appointment will be put forward to the Shareholders for approval at the EGM by
way of ordinary resolutions.

       A copy of the circular containing, among other matters, further information on the Proposed
Removal and the Proposed Appointment, together with a notice convening the EGM, has also been
despatched to Deloitte and, in its notice to Deloitte dated 17 April 2026, the Company has also
invited Deloitte to attend the EGM to make written or verbal representations to the Shareholders at
the EGM, if any.

      As stated in Deloitte Written Representation (see Appendix I – Letter from Deloitte),
since Deloitte’s written representations to the Shareholders have been set out in Deloitte
Written Representation, they do not intend to attend the EGM and to make any verbal
representations to the Shareholders.




                                               –7–
                             LETTER FROM THE BOARD

5.    CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS


       To ascertain the entitlement to attend and vote at the EGM, the register of members of
the Company will be closed from Monday, 18 May 2026 to Thursday, 21 May 2026, both days
inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares of the Company will be registered. The record
date for the purpose of the EGM will be Thursday, 21 May 2026.


       In order to qualify for the entitlement to attend and vote at the EGM, all transfers of shares
accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s branch share
registrar and transfer office in Hong Kong, Tricor Investor Services Limited at 17/F, Far East
Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on Friday, 15 May 2026
(Hong Kong time).


6.    EGM AND PROXY ARRANGEMENT


      The notice of the EGM is set out on pages EGM-1 to EGM-3 of this circular. At the EGM,
ordinary resolutions will be proposed to approve the Proposed Change of Auditors.


       Pursuant to article 66 of the Articles of Association, a resolution put to the vote of a meeting
shall be decided by way of a poll if voting by way of poll is required by Listing Rules or a poll is
otherwise demanded in accordance with that article 66.


       Pursuant to Rule 13.39(4) of the Listing Rules, any vote of Shareholders at a general meeting
must be taken by poll except where the chairman, in good faith, decides to allow a resolution which
relates purely to a procedural or administrative matter to be voted on by a show of hands.


       Accordingly, the ordinary resolutions in the notice of the EGM will be put to vote by way of
poll at the EGM.


       A form of proxy for use at the EGM is accompanying with this circular and such form of
proxy is also published on the websites of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and the
Company. Whether or not you are able to attend the EGM, you are requested to complete the
accompanying form of proxy in accordance with the instructions printed thereon and return it to
the Company’s branch share registrar and transfer office in Hong Kong, Tricor Investor Services
Limited at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong as soon as possible but
in any event by 11:00 a.m. on Tuesday, 19 May 2026 or not later than 48 hours before the time
appointed for holding of the adjourned EGM (as the case may be). Completion and return of
the form of proxy will not preclude you from attending and voting in person at the EGM or the
adjourned thereof should you so wish, and in such case, the form of proxy previously submitted
shall be deemed to be revoked.




                                                –8–
                             LETTER FROM THE BOARD

       As at the Latest Practicable Date, to the best of the Directors’ knowledge, information and
belief, having made all reasonable enquiries, no Shareholder is required to abstain from voting on
any resolution to be proposed at the EGM.


7.    RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT


      This circular, for which the Directors collectively and individually accept full responsibility,
includes particulars given in compliance with the Listing Rules for the purpose of giving
information with regard to the Company. The Directors, having made all reasonable enquiries,
confirm that to the best of their knowledge and belief the information contained in this circular,
save and except for the information contained in Appendix I to this circular, is accurate and
complete in all material respects and not misleading or deceptive, and there are no other matters the
omission of which would make any statement herein or this circular misleading.


8.    RECOMMENDATION


       The Directors consider that the Proposed Change of Auditors is in the best interests of the
Company and the Shareholders as a whole. Accordingly, the Directors recommend the Shareholders
to vote in favour of all the resolutions to be proposed at the EGM.


9.    CONTINUED SUSPENSION OF TRADING


       At the request of the Company, trading in the shares of the Company on the Stock Exchange
has been suspended with effect from 9:00 a.m. on 2 September 2024 due to the delay in publication
of the unaudited interim results of the Company for the six months ended 30 June 2024 and will
remain suspended.


     Shareholders and potential investors of the Company are reminded to exercise caution
when dealing in the securities of the Company.


                                                                Yours faithfully,
                                                         For and on behalf of the Board
                                                  Greentech Technology International Limited
                                                         Tan Sri Dato’ Koo Yuen Kim
                                                              P.S.M., D.P.T.J. J.P
                                                                   Chairman




                                                –9–
APPENDIX I                                                                    LETTER FROM DELOITTE

       The letter was issued in English. The Chinese version is for reference only. If there is any
discrepancy between the English and the Chinese versions, the English version shall prevail.




          20 April 2026

          The Board of Directors and the Audit Committee
          Greentech Technology International Limited
          Suites 2202-04, 22/F, Tower 6
          The Gateway, Harbour City
          Tsim Sha Tsui
          Kowloon, Hong Kong


          Dear Sirs,

          GREENTECH TECHNOLOGY INTERNATIONAL LIMITED (THE “COMPANY”) AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES (THE
          “GROUP”)

          We refer to the letter from the Company dated 17 April 2026 informing us that the board of directors (the
          “Board”) has resolved to put forward a proposal to the shareholders of the Company to remove us as the
          auditors of the Company (the “Proposed Removal”), along with the Company's corresponding
          announcement on the same date.

          We ask that the content under the following "Allegations relating to gold trading business and misuse of
          fund" be included in the circular for the extraordinary general meeting (“EGM”) relating to the Proposed
          Removal.

          Allegations relating to gold trading business and misuse of funds

          We refer to our letters dated 27 February 2026, 2 March 2026 and 31 March 2026, our email
          correspondence dated 5 March 2026 and our calls with the Audit Committee regarding the allegations set
          out in the two complaints received in February and March 2026 concerning, among others, the legitimacy
          and legality of the Group’s gold trading business from 2020 to 2022, and the misuse of the Group’s funds
          by a director having nexus with the previous allegations relating to the repayment of the shareholder’s loan
          to a director of a subsidiary of the Group (the “Matter”). In view of the corporate governance responsibility
          of the Audit Committee for overseeing the financial reporting process and safeguarding the assets of the
          Group, we explained to the Audit Committee that it is incumbent upon them to bring an independent
          perspective to the Matter. Following our recommendation, the Audit Committee initiated an independent
          investigation (the "Investigation") into the Matter and engaged a forensic investigation firm to assist them
          in conducting the Investigation.

          As set out in our letter to the Company on 31 March 2026, notwithstanding that the Investigation remained
          in progress and was subject to certain limitations encountered by the forensic investigation firm, their
          preliminary findings of the Investigation indicated potential irregularities or red flags that warrant further
          expansion of scope. In its reply dated 1 April 2026, the Audit Committee acknowledged the seriousness of
          the limitations encountered by the forensic investigation firm, and the outstanding issues identified in the
          Investigation in light of the potential irregularities or red flags. The Audit Committee also indicated that it
          would review the unresolved items with the forensic investigation firm to determine appropriate next steps.
          In our letter of 31 March 2026, we reaffirmed our commitment to work with the Audit Committee to bring
          closure to the Matter. In our view, without a robust governance response to the Matter by the Audit
          Committee to ascertain the veracity of the allegations, the Board does not currently have a proper basis to
          conclude on the Matter and to complete the financial statements for the purpose of the audit.




                                                              I–1
APPENDIX I                                                             LETTER FROM DELOITTE

     20 April 2026
     The Board of Directors and the Audit Committee
     Greentech Technology International Limited
     Page 2


     We consider that some of the language used in your announcement of 17 April 2026 may improperly give
     the reader the impression that the Company’s efforts to cooperate in the audit should have been sufficient
     for an auditor to issue its report without any further delay. We do not agree with such a portrayal of the
     position. As noted above, the steps taken by the Company and Audit Committee to date in respect of the
     Matter do not currently appear sufficient for the financial statements to be completed for the purpose of
     the audit.

     Despite our commitment to work with the Audit Committee, to our disappointment, the Board has resolved
     to put forward the Proposed Removal. The effect of this would be that we will not be able to complete, as
     we had fully intended to do, our audit and to fulfill our public interest obligation to report to the
     shareholders of the Company.

     Other matters

     Our intended written representations to the shareholders have been set out in the preceding paragraphs.
     Accordingly, we currently do not intend to attend the EGM of the Company and to make any verbal
     representations to the shareholders.

     We note further that the 17 April 2026 announcement, by selectively referring to Cayman law, may give an
     impression that the Company is not required to seek confirmation from outgoing auditors as to whether or
     not there are matters which should be brought to the attention of the shareholders. It is the responsibility
     of the Company and its directors to comply with and fulfil applicable regulations and duties, including
     those relating to making proper disclosure of relevant matters. However, we note that section 13.51(4) of
     the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the "Stock
     Exchange") requires the Company to make an announcement regarding the change in auditor as soon as
     practicable. The announcement and the circular should include the reasons for the change and details of
     any other matters that need to be brought to the attention of the shareholders of the Company. The issuer
     must state in the announcement whether the outgoing auditors have provided a confirmation that there
     are no matters that need to be brought to the attention of holders of securities of the issuer.

     We request that you provide us the draft announcement and circular for our comments before it is
     published. This is because we have a duty under the Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants, Chapter
     C, Section 300 to read and assess whether the circumstances as reported in this letter are reflected in the
     announcement and circular made by the Company.

     We hereby consent to a copy of this letter and the aforementioned letters being provided to the Stock
     Exchange and the successor auditor.


     Yours faithfully,




                                                       I–2
           NOTICE OF EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING




 GREENTECH TECHNOLOGY INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
            綠科科技國際有限公司
                      (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
                                        (Stock Code: 00195)


             NOTICE OF EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING

       NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that an extraordinary general meeting (the “EGM”) of
Greentech Technology International Limited (the “Company”) will be held at Suites 2202-4 on
22/F, Tower 6 The Gateway, Harbour City, 9 Canton Road, Tsim Sha Tsui, Kowloon, Hong Kong
on Thursday, 21 May 2026 at 11:00 a.m. for the purposes of considering and, if thought fit, passing
each of the following resolutions with or without amendments, as an ordinary resolution of the
Company:


                                  ORDINARY RESOLUTIONS


      1.     (i) to approve the removal of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as the auditors of the
             Company pursuant to article 155(2) of the articles of association of the Company
             with immediate effect after the conclusion of the EGM (the “Removal”), and (ii)
             to authorise the board of directors of the Company (the “Board”), any director(s)
             of the Company or any other person authorised by the directors of the Company to
             exercise such discretion to complete and do all such acts and things, including without
             limitation, to sign, seal, execute and deliver all such documents and deeds, and to
             approve any amendment, alteration or modification to any document, as they may
             consider necessary, desirable or expedient or in the interest of the Company to give
             effect to the Removal.




                                              EGM – 1
           NOTICE OF EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING

      2.     Conditional upon the passing of the resolution 1 above, (i) to approve the appointment
             of RSM Hong Kong as the auditors of the Company with immediate effect and to hold
             office until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company (the
             “Appointment”); (ii) to authorise the Board, any director(s) of the Company or any
             other person authorised by the directors of the Company to exercise such discretion to
             complete and do all such acts and things, including without limitation, to sign, seal,
             execute and deliver all such documents and deeds, and to approve any amendment,
             alteration or modification to any document, as they may consider necessary, desirable
             or expedient or in the interest of the Company to give effect to the Appointment; and
             (iii) to authorise the Board to fix the remuneration of RSM Hong Kong.


                                                  For and on behalf of the board of Directors of
                                                  Greentech Technology International Limited
                                                         Tan Sri Dato’ Koo Yuen Kim
                                                              P.S.M., D.P.T.J. J.P
                                                                   Chairman

Hong Kong, 5 May 2026


As at the date of this notice, the board of Directors comprises the following:


Executive Directors:                                        Registered office:
Tan Sri Dato’ Koo Yuen Kim P.S.M., D.P.T.J. J.P             Cricket Square
  (Chairman)                                                Hutchins Drive
Ms. Xie Yue (Co-Chief Executive Officer)                    P.O. Box 2681
Mr. Li Zheng                                                Grand Cayman
Ms. Peng Zhihong                                            KY1-1111
Datin Chong Lee Hui                                         Cayman Islands


Independent Non-executive Directors:                        Principal place of business
Datin Sri Lim Mooi Lang                                       in Hong Kong:
Mr. Kim Wooryang                                            Suites 2202-4, 22/F, Tower 6
Ms. Peng Wenting                                            The Gateway, Harbour City,
                                                            9 Canton Road
                                                            Tsim Sha Tsui, Kowloon
                                                            Hong Kong




                                              EGM – 2
             NOTICE OF EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING

Notes:


(1)      All resolutions at the EGM will be taken by poll (except where the chairman decides to allow a resolution relating
         to a procedural or administrative matter to be voted on by a show of hands) pursuant to the Rules Governing the
         Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Stock Exchange”) (“Listing Rules”).
         The results of the poll will be published on the websites of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and the
         Company in accordance with the Listing Rules.


(2)      Any shareholder of the Company entitled to attend and vote at the EGM shall be entitled to appoint another person
         as his proxy to attend and vote instead of him and a proxy so appointed shall have the same right as the shareholder
         to speak at the EGM. A proxy need not be a shareholder of the Company. A shareholder who is the holder of two or
         more shares may appoint more than one proxy to represent him and to attend and vote in his stead at the EGM.


(3)      Where there are joint holders of any share, any one of such joint holders may vote, either in person or by proxy, in
         respect of such share as if he were solely entitled thereto, but if more than one of such joint holders are present at
         the EGM, the vote of the senior holder who tenders a vote, whether in person or by proxy, shall be accepted to the
         exclusion of the votes of the other joint holders, and for this purpose seniority shall be determined by the order in
         which the names stand in the register of members of the Company in respect of the joint holding.


(4)      To be valid, the form of proxy together with any power of attorney or other authority under which it is signed or a
         certified copy of that power of attorney or authority must be deposited with the Company’s branch share registrar
         and transfer office in Hong Kong, Tricor Investor Services Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt
         Road, Hong Kong not later than 48 hours before the time appointed for holding of the EGM (i.e. 11:00 a.m. on
         Tuesday, 19 May 2026) or any adjournment thereof. Delivery of the form of proxy shall not preclude a shareholder
         of the Company from attending and voting in person at the EGM and, in such event, the instrument appointing a
         proxy shall be deemed to be revoked.


(5)      For the purpose of determining the entitlement of the members to attend and vote at the EGM, the register of
         members of the Company will be closed from Monday, 18 May 2026 to Thursday, 21 May 2026, both days
         inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares of the Company will be registered. Members whose names
         appear on the register of members of the Company on Thursday, 21 May 2026 will be entitled to attend and vote at
         the EGM. All transfers of shares accompanied by the relevant share certificates and the appropriate transfer forms
         must be lodged with the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Tricor Investor Services Limited, at 17/F,
         Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong, for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Friday, 15 May
         2026. The record date will be Thursday, 21 May 2026.


(6)      Trading in the shares of the Company on the Stock Exchange has been suspended with effect from 9:00 a.m. on 2
         September 2024 due to the delay in publication of the unaudited interim results of the Company for the six months
         ended 30 June 2024 and will remain suspended.




                                                         EGM – 3
