2024
       ANNUAL REPORT




            年報
                       年報 2024 Annual Report
CONTENTS
Corporate Information                                     2

Chairman’s Statement                                      3

Management Discussion and Analysis                        5

Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management   13

Report of the Directors                                   17

Corporate Governance Report                               28

Independent Auditor’s Report                              45

Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other
Comprehensive Income                                      49

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position              50

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity               51

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                      52

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements            53

Five-Year Financial Summary                               114
CORPORATE INFORMATION


EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                                          REGISTERED OFFICE
Mr. Ng Wing Hong                                             Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
Ms. Ng Yuk Kwan Phyllis                                      P.O. Box 2681
Ms. Leung Shuk Ping                                          Grand Cayman KY1-1111
                                                             Cayman Islands
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. Sin Ho Chiu                                              PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
Mr. Lau Chi Yin Thomas                                       Unit A, 4/F, Dragon Industrial Building
Professor Cheng Edwin Tai Chiu                               No. 93 King Lam Street, Lai Chi Kok
                                                             Kowloon, Hong Kong
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES
Mr. Ng Wing Hong
                                                             PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
Mr. Chan Pak Hang
                                                               THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA
                                                             Room 201, Building A, Qianwan 1st Road
                                                             Qianhai Shenzhen-Hong Kong Cooperation Zone
AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                                             Nanshan District, Shenzhen, Guangdong
Mr. Lau Chi Yin Thomas (Chairman)
Mr. Sin Ho Chiu
                                                             PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
Professor Cheng Edwin Tai Chiu
                                                               TRANSFER OFFICE
                                                             Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                       Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
Mr. Sin Ho Chiu (Chairman)                                   P.O. Box 2681
Mr. Lau Chi Yin Thomas                                       Grand Cayman KY1-1111
Professor Cheng Edwin Tai Chiu                               Cayman Islands
Mr. Ng Wing Hong
                                                             HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR
NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                         Tricor Investor Services Limited
Professor Cheng Edwin Tai Chiu (Chairman)                    17/F, Far East Finance Centre
Mr. Sin Ho Chiu                                              16 Harcourt Road
Mr. Lau Chi Yin Thomas                                       Hong Kong
Ms. Ng Yuk Kwan Phyllis
                                                             PRINCIPAL BANKER
COMPANY SECRETARY                                            Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited
Mr. Chan Pak Hang                                            Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited
                                                             The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation
LEGAL AND COMPLIANCE ADVISERS                                  Limited
Robertsons
  (Hong Kong law)                                            COMPANY WEBSITE ADDRESS
                                                             http://www.baguio.com.hk
AUDITORS
KPMG                                                         STOCK CODE
  (Public Interest Entity Auditor registered in accordance   01397
    with the Accounting and Financial Reporting Council
    Ordinance)




2       Baguio Green Group Limited
        Annual Report 2024
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


Dear Shareholders,

On behalf of the board of directors (the “Directors” and the “Board” respectively) of Baguio Green Group Limited (the
“Company”, and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group” or “Baguio”), it is my pleasure to present the consolidated
results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024 (the “Year”).

Since its establishment in 1980, the Group has remained steadfast in its commitment to building for a greener
tomorrow. Through decades of dedication, we have evolved into one of Hong Kong’s leading integrated environmental
management solutions providers, offering a full spectrum of environmental services including cleaning, recycling, waste
management, green technology, landscaping and pest management.

Few years ago, faced with increasing homogenization among market competitors and prevailing economic headwinds,
the Group decisively unlocked technological innovation thereby significantly enhanced its competitiveness through
digitalization, technological development and smart technology strategies. At the same time, by leveraging our
precise understanding of market trends and customer needs, as well as the significant opportunities in sustainable
development, the Group established Baguio Green Technology business. Within just a few years, we achieved
remarkable results, laying a solid foundation for rapid growth in the future. Looking ahead, we will continue to capitalize
on our edges in technologies in order to seize various opportunities and accelerate the pace of development.

Long-term Housing Policy Benefiting Business Development
According to the 2025-2026 Budget (the “Budget”), the HKSAR Government (the “Government”) has proposed to
increase land supply to meet the target of 308,000 public housing units over the next decade, with many located in
new development areas such as the Northern Metropolis. These additional public housing projects will not only satisfy
citizens’ housing needs but also bring new opportunities for the Group’s core businesses. Given the Group’s businesses
are closely connected to the livelihood of the general public, the acceleration of public housing construction is poised to
fuel long-term growth momentum for the Group.

Green Technology as the Core of the Group’s Development
In the past year, the Group fully seized the opportunities arising from the Government’s drive to establish Hong Kong
into a smart city. Baguio Green Technology products including smart recycling machines, smart food waste recycling
machines, smart balances and people counting system are available in every corner of Hong Kong, and the green
technology business grew rapidly. Baguio Green Technology business covers smart recycling, Internet of Things
technologies, big data platforms and artificial intelligence. Baguio’s big data platform monitors the recycling performance
in real time to effectively reduce logistics costs incurred by Government and corporates due to collection of recyclables
and optimize resource allocation to help quickly improve decision-making efficiency. In addition, the successful
development of this business over the past few years has established the Group’s leadership in driving green technology
transformation and sustainable development.

Benefitting from Sustainable Development Policies
As a leading company in Hong Kong’s recycling industry, the Group actively supports the Government’s policies on
sustainable development. To achieve the hard targets of achieving “Zero Landfill” under the Waste Blueprint for Hong
Kong 2035 by 2035 and “Carbon Neutrality” under the Hong Kong Climate Action Plan 2050 by 2050, the Government
has proposed a “market-led” Producer Responsibility Scheme on Plastic Beverage Containers and Beverage Cartons in
order to encourage the public’s participation in recycling and increase the recycling rate of plastic bottles and cartons.
The policy is expected to be rolled out in the next two years, providing significant growth potential for the Group’s
recycling business.




                                                                                    Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                          Annual Report 2024           3
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


The Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s Enhanced Climate-related Disclosure Requirements Create New
Opportunities for Business Development
The Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s enhanced requirements for climate-related disclosures have created new
development opportunities for the Group’s ESG-related business. As a company committed to providing one-stop
sustainable development solutions, the Group leverages its big data platform to assist corporates in collecting,
analyzing, and reporting ESG data, thereby enhancing the accuracy and transparency. In terms of waste management
and recycling, the Group employs recycling and recyclables conversion technologies to effectively help clients increase
recycling rates, reduce waste, and minimize Scope 3 carbon emissions. These efforts enable corporates to address
climate challenges and achieve their long-term sustainability goals.

Strategic Development Driving Rapid Growth
Looking ahead, the Group will strive to expand the market share of its core businesses and accelerate its expansion in
Hong Kong and international markets. At the same time, it will also proactively explore mergers and acquisitions, joint
ventures and new business opportunities to drive business growth and create long-term value for shareholders.

A Few Words of Appreciation
Finally, I would like to extend my most sincere gratitude and appreciation to the Board; to our employees for their hard
work, dedication and positive attitude; and to all our customers and business partners for their trust in and support of
the Group. Looking forward, we will endeavor to deliver considerable returns to our shareholders.




Ng Wing Hong
Chairman of the Board

Hong Kong
27 March 2025




4       Baguio Green Group Limited
        Annual Report 2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


MARKET REVIEW
The HKSAR Government (the “Government”) demonstrates a strong commitment to environmental agenda, and is
engaged to improving environmental hygiene, creating a livable environment for citizens, and enhancing Hong Kong’s
image as a smart city. Baguio’s businesses are closely related to the environmental agenda of Hong Kong, and its
core businesses, including cleaning, waste management and recycling, green technology, landscaping, and pest
management, are considered as rigid demand. As an integrated environmental services group in Hong Kong, Baguio
plays a leading role in all core business areas to actively promote the circular economy and make contributions to the
sustainable development and smart city construction of Hong Kong.

Although the Government postponed the implementation of the Municipal Solid Waste charging scheme during the
Year, the original intention of reducing waste remains unchanged. In order to achieve the goal of “Zero Landfill” under
the Waste Blueprint for Hong Kong 2035, the Government has not only proactively advocated waste reduction and
recycling but also made every effort to expand the community recycling network, fully demonstrating the Government’s
determination to promote waste reduction and recycling.

BUSINESS REVIEW
Revenue for the Year amounted to approximately HK$2,603.1 million, representing an increase of approximately
11.8% as compared to the same period last year. Profit for the Year amounted to approximately HK$56.5 million,
representing an increase of approximately 17.3% as compared to the same period last year. The Group’s core business,
cleaning services, recorded growth in the Year. Revenue from cleaning services increased by 14.2% to approximately
HK$2,086.8 million, accounting for approximately 80.1% of the Group’s total revenue.

The Group’s Government-related street cleaning services cover a total of seven districts, serving a population of
approximately 2.8 million, marking Baguio’s leading position in the Hong Kong cleaning services market. During the
Year, the Group’s mechanical street sweeping services covered various districts in Hong Kong. In addition, the Group
provides cleaning services for Government markets, facilities, and leisure venues across various districts in Hong Kong.
The Group’s other cleaning sites cover hospitals, Government clinics, Hong Kong International Airport, schools, housing
estates and private institutions, demonstrating that the Group’s professional services are widely recognised.

Waste management and recycling business recorded growth in revenue during the Year which increased by
approximately 2.5% to approximately HK$285.8 million, accounting for approximately 11.0% of the Group’s total
revenue. Gross profit of the waste management and recycling business increased significantly by approximately 58.2%
to approximately HK$33.5 million, mainly due to the Government’s proactive promotion of recycling and the substantial
expansion of the network of recycling spots, including those for food waste, which facilitated public participation and
effectively stimulated collection.

In terms of recycling, the Group is contracted by the Environmental Protection Department (“EPD”) to provide collection
services for thousands of recycling spots (including plastic, glass bottles, metals, waste paper and food waste) across
Hong Kong, and is one of the market leaders. During the Year, the Group provided collection services for recycling
bins in public places and schools. Baguio continued to provide plastic collection services for several districts under
the EPD Plastic Recycling Pilot Scheme contract. Baguio also provides collection services for Recycling Stations of
“GREEN@COMMUNITY”, introduced by the EPD, recycling convenience spots and smart recycling machines, and
other institutions in Hong Kong. In addition, the Group also provides the Government with glass bottles collection and
management services and food waste collection services in several districts in Hong Kong, and is one of the market
leaders.

The Group continued to provide Government-related waste collection services to five districts, serving a population of
approximately 1.6 million.

Regarding green technology business, the Group has proactively developed its green technology business and
successfully launched a one-stop smart recycling system by integrating smart digital technologies, big data analysis and
Internet of Things technologies. Users can accurately understand the amount of recycling through real-time data, which
helps to schedule timely transportation and reduce logistics costs and carbon emissions.




                                                                                  Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                        Annual Report 2024          5
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


During the Year, the Group won two smart contracts from the EPD (in relation to provision of smart food waste recycling
machines and smart balances, respectively), demonstrating the Group’s outstanding capabilities in product innovation,
research and development, and leading market position in the green technology sector as well as its alignment with
Hong Kong’s goal of becoming a smart city. The Group’s existing green technology products including smart recycling
machines, smart food waste recycling machines, and smart balances contributed to the Group’s revenue during the
Year, and are widely used in Government organizations, public housing and private residential estates, shopping malls,
universities, hospitals, large-scale exhibition centers, etc. It not only provides convenient recycling experience to the
public but also improve the recycling efficiency, thus supporting the sustainable development of Hong Kong.

In partnership with Jardine Engineering Corporation Limited, the Pilot Biochar Production Plant at the EcoPark in Tuen
Mun was commenced trial operation during the Year. By converting yard waste into high-quality biochar with pyrolysis
technology for various applications, the production plant effectively “turns waste into useful resources”.

The Group provides landscaping services for a wide range of clients, including large private residences, Government
premises, schools, shopping malls, hotels, airports, Hong Kong Housing Authority, Hong Kong Jockey Club, Hong Kong
Science Park, the University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology and Lingnan University,
etc. The newly awarded contracts won by the Group during the Year covers Hong Kong-Shenzhen Innovation and
Technology Park, microparks in Yau Ma Tei and Mong Kok, and the Tung Chung New Town Extension (West).

For pest management business, the Group continued to provide pest management services in Wong Tai Sin and Tai Po
districts during the Year. In addition, the Group provided termite control and monitoring services to 29 monuments under
the Antiquities and Monuments Office and 24 temples under the Chinese Temples Committee respectively.




6       Baguio Green Group Limited
        Annual Report 2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


RESULTS
For the Year, the Group’s revenue was approximately HK$2,603.1 million, representing an increase of approximately
11.8% from approximately HK$2,327.5 million for 2023. Gross profit decreased by approximately 8.6% to approximately
HK$188.4 million (2023: HK$206.1 million) and gross profit margin decreased by 1.7 percentage points (“p.p.”) to
approximately 7.2% (2023: 8.9%). Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company amounted to approximately
HK$53.9 million, representing in a year-on-year increase of approximately 14.3% (2023: HK$47.1 million), with net profit
margin increased by 0.1 p.p. to approximately 2.2% (2023: 2.1%). Earnings per share was HK13.0 cents (2023: HK11.4
cents).

FINAL DIVIDEND
The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend for the Year at HK3.8 cents (2023: HK3.4 cents) per ordinary
share, totalling HK$15,770,000 (2023:HK$14,110,000), subject to approval by the Shareholders at the forthcoming
annual general meeting (the “Annual General Meeting”) of the Company to be held on Friday, 30 May 2025. If so
approved by the Shareholders, it is expected that the final dividend will be paid on or around Monday, 7 July 2025 to the
Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on Monday, 23 June 2025.

Revenue breakdown of major business segments

                                                        For the year ended
                                            31 December 2024           31 December 2023
                                           Revenue    % of total       Revenue     % of total
                                        (HK$ million)   revenue    (HK$ million)     revenue                  Change
Cleaning                                       2,086.8          80.1%          1,827.3          78.5%           +14.2%
Waste management and recycling                   285.8          11.0%            278.9          12.0%            +2.5%
Landscaping                                      160.2           6.2%            130.6           5.6%           +22.7%
Pest management                                   70.3           2.7%             90.7           3.9%           -22.5%
                                               2,603.1        100.0%           2,327.5         100.0%           +11.8%


Gross profit margin of major business segments

                                                                        For the year ended
                                                                   31 December      31 December
                                                                           2024            2023               Change
Cleaning                                                                    6.1%               8.8%           -2.7 p.p
Waste management and recycling                                             11.6%               7.6%           +4.0 p.p
Landscaping                                                                15.5%              14.6%           +0.9 p.p
Pest management                                                             4.7%               4.6%           +0.1 p.p




                                                                                   Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                         Annual Report 2024          7
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Riding on our professional management, quality services and stringent control in safety precaution, the Group continued
to maintain a high tender success rate at approximately 35.6% in 2024 (2023: 36.3%).

We continuously strive to expand our services scope in order to enhance our competitiveness. During the Year, the
Group was driven by the strong performance with the increase in revenue of approximately 14.2% from cleaning
segment. This remarkable growth was due to the Group’s significant efforts in securing new contracts with the FEHD,
Hospital Authority and Fire Services Department for the provision of cleaning services. Despite this, the gross profit
margin declined from approximately 8.8% to 6.1% due to rising labour costs.

Throughout the Year, recycling services contracts secured from the EPD were successfully executed in the waste
management and recycling segment. Additionally, the implementation of effective cost control measures led to a notable
improvement in the profit margin for this segment with a substantial increase from approximately 7.6% to 11.6%.

Our strategy to bid on landscaping projects with high profit margins has been a success. Along with our cost control
efforts, the profit margin for this segment maintained high at approximately 15.5% (2023: 14.6%).

The overall gross profit amount and margin of the Group were decreased from approximately HK$206.1 million to
HK$188.4 million, and from approximately 8.9% to 7.2% respectively.

Contracts on hand
As of 31 December 2024, the Group had a total amount of approximately HK$3,887.5 million worth of unexpired
contracts on hand, of which, approximately HK$2,288.6 million will be recognised by the end of 2025, approximately
HK$1,155.4 million will be recognised in 2026 and the rest of approximately HK$443.5 million will be recognised in 2027
and beyond.

                                                                                                            Contract
                                                                       Contract          Contract         value to be
                                                     Backlog         value to be       value to be        recognised
                                                     contract     recognised by     recognised by        in 2027 and
                                                        value       31 Dec 2025       31 Dec 2026             beyond
                                                    HK$’million       HK$’million       HK$’million        HK$’million
Cleaning services                                      3,150.7           1,884.5             954.1              312.1
Waste management and recycling services                  436.1             218.6             132.4               85.1
Landscaping services                                     252.4             137.5              68.6               46.3
Pest management services                                  48.3              48.0               0.3                  –
Total                                                  3,887.5           2,288.6           1,155.4              443.5




8       Baguio Green Group Limited
        Annual Report 2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


AWARDS
During the Year, the Group had been recognised by many renowned institutes.

For details, please refer to “Awards and Recognitions” from pages 8 to 9 of the Sustainability Report.

MEMBERSHIPS AND CHARTERS
As we implement our sustainability strategy, our involvement in these organisations provides us with opportunities to
share best practices with the industry, enabling us to pursue continuous improvement along our sustainability journey.

For details, please refer to “Appendix – memberships and charterships” of page 58 of the Sustainability Report.

PROSPECTS
In 2024, the Group’s contracts on hand amounted to approximately HK$3.89 billion, providing considerable revenue for
subsequent years. With reference to the contracts on hand as of 31 December 2024, approximately HK$2.29 billion
contract value will be recognised as revenue in 2025.

As stated in the Group’s voluntary announcement dated 13 January 2025 in relation to the potential acquisition of a
property management company, the Group is still in discussions with the seller as at the date of this announcement.
Except for the Term Sheet referred to in the voluntary announcement, the potential buyer and seller have not yet entered
into any legally binding sale and purchase agreement in relation to the possible transaction.

Looking forward, the Group will consolidate the market share of its core businesses and actively engage in expansions
in Hong Kong and international markets and explore mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures and new business
opportunities to drive business growth and create long-term value for the shareholders.

With the orderly implementation of the “market-led” approach in Producer Responsibility Scheme on Plastic Beverage
Containers and Beverage Cartons, the Group considers that the measure provides economic incentives to encourage
citizens to proactively participate in recycling, which is expected to stimulate the recycling rate of plastic beverage
containers and cartons, promote the healthy development of the recycling industry, and help build a circular economy
and green industry in Hong Kong.

In addition, the Group was awarded a service contract from the Food and Environmental Hygiene Department (“FEHD”)
to supply solar-powered smart collection bins after the Year. According to the Government’s information, the FEHD plans
to install a variety of waste collection facilities at around 300 locations by the end of 2026, including the solar-powered
compacting refuse bins with an aim to further optimize waste collection in rural areas and improve environmental
hygiene. The Group’s product is designed with a focus on sustainability and smart technology, tailored to meet the
needs of different scenarios in Hong Kong, with the goal of enhancing waste collection quality, supporting smart city
development, and creating a livable environment.

As The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited requires listed companies to enhance climate-related disclosure, it is
believed that to drive an increasing demand for the Group’s ESG-related business.




                                                                                    Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                          Annual Report 2024           9
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


FINANCIAL REVIEW
Revenue
The Group’s revenue for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023 amounted to approximately HK$2,603.1 million
and HK$2,327.5 million respectively, representing an increase of approximately 11.8%. The increase was mainly due to
the increase in revenue in our services segments of cleaning, waste management and recycling and landscaping, with
increase in number of contracts and orders during the Year.

Cost of Services
For the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, the cost of services of the Group amounted to approximately
HK$2,414.7 million and HK$2,121.4 million respectively, representing approximately 92.8% and 91.1% of the Group’s
revenue for the corresponding years respectively. The cost of services primarily comprised direct wages, direct overhead
expenses, material consumables and sub-contracting fees. As aforesaid, the increase in the number of contracts and
orders during the Year led to an expansion of the Group’s workforce with higher average number of employees. Coupled
with rising wage demands and recent regulatory changes, the Group experienced an increase in labour costs.

Gross Profit
The Group’s gross profit for the Year was approximately HK$188.4 million, representing a decrease of approximately
8.6% from approximately HK$206.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2023.

Gross Profit Margin
The gross profit margins of the Group for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023 were approximately 7.2% and
8.9% respectively. As mentioned above, the decline in gross profit margin was mainly impacted by rising labour costs in
cleaning segment partially offset by strong performance in waste management and recycling segment.


Other Income, Gain and Losses
The other income, gain and losses of the Group for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023 were approximately
HK$9.6 million and HK$4.5 million respectively, representing an increase of approximately 114.5%. The substantial
increase was primarily due to three factors: (i) a gain on disposal of right-of-use assets of approximately HK$2.5 million
recognised during the Year, (ii) a reduction in loss on disposal of property, plants, and equipment of approximately
HK$1.8 million, and (iii) an increase in interest income of approximately HK$1.4 million, driven by higher bank balances
and interest rates.




10 Baguio Green Group Limited
   Annual Report 2024
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Selling and Marketing Expenses
The selling and marketing expenses of the Group for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023 were approximately
HK$2.2 million and HK$2.4 million respectively, representing a decrease of approximately 7.8%. These expenses were
mainly for the promotional activities and channels to promote our waste management and recycling business and to
enhance the public awareness of environmental protection and waste recycling.

Administrative Expenses
The administrative expenses of the Group for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023 were approximately
HK$119.3 million and HK$128.7 million respectively, representing a decrease of approximately 7.3%, and approximately
4.6% of the year’s total revenue. The decrease was mainly due to a decrease in credit losses offset by the increase in
wages and allowances for staff and office overhead to support new business development. The Group continued to
implement its budget cost control measures for administrative expenses during the Year.

Finance Costs
The finance costs of the Group amounted to approximately HK$10.6 million and HK$13.7 million for the years ended
31 December 2024 and 2023 respectively, representing approximately 0.4% and 0.6% of the Group’s total revenue
respectively. The decrease was mainly due to the decrease in the level of working capital loan and interest rate on bank
borrowings during the Year.

Profit for the Year Attributable to Equity Shareholders of The Company
The Group’s net profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company for the years ended 31 December 2024 and
2023 approximately HK$53.9 million and HK$47.1 million respectively, representing an increase of approximately 14.3%.
The increase was mainly due to the factors described above.

FOREIGN CURRENCY EXPOSURE
The Group’s foreign currency exposure is limited as most of its transactions, assets and liabilities are denominated in
Hong Kong dollars. During the Year, the main foreign currency exposure arose from the fluctuation in Renminbi (“RMB”).
Due to the Group’s PRC operation, the Group possessed RMB bank balances and a small portion of transactions were
denominated in RMB.

LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES
The Group derives cash flow from operating activities principally from rendering a comprehensive range of environmental
services. For the Year, we had net cash generated from operating activities of approximately HK$262.4 million
(2023: HK$96.3 million). As at 31 December 2024, the Group had available cash and bank balances amounting to
approximately HK$128.1 million (2023: HK$41.4 million), representing an increase of approximately 209.1%.

As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s total current assets and current liabilities were approximately HK$725.5 million
(2023: HK$684.0 million) and HK$543.0 million (2023: HK$576.0 million) respectively, while the current ratio was
approximately 1.3 times (2023: 1.2 times). The liquidity position of the Group is maintained at a healthy level.

As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s bank borrowings amounted to approximately HK$80.8 million (2023: HK$182.7
million), representing an decrease of approximately 55.8%; the Group’s lease liabilities were approximately HK$38.1
million (2023: HK$36.6 million), representing an increase of approximately 4.0%, for recognised lease liabilities related to
the lease contracts in respect of certain lands, office buildings and nurseries. During the Year, no financial instruments
were used for hedging purposes (2023: Nil).

As at 31 December 2024, the gearing ratio of the Group was approximately 0.3 times (2023: 0.6 times), which was
calculated based on the total interest-bearing bank borrowings, lease liabilities and other loan over total equity of the
Group.




                                                                                     Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                           Annual Report 2024        11
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


CAPITAL EXPENDITURES AND CAPITAL COMMITMENT
During the Year, capital expenditures, which mainly included additions in motor vehicles and equipment, amounted
to approximately HK$30.3 million (2023: HK$43.3 million). Capital expenditures were funded by banks and funds
generated from our operating activities.

As at 31 December 2024, the Group had capital commitment contracted for of approximately HK$7.3 million (2023:
HK$0.2 million).

CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
As at 31 December 2024, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities (2023: Nil).

CHARGES ON THE GROUP’S ASSETS
As at 31 December 2024, the amounts payable under lease liabilities within one year was approximately HK$12.0 million
(2023: HK$8.3 million), that after one year but within five years was approximately HK$11.5 million (2023: HK$12.4
million), and that after five years was approximately HK$14.6 million (2023: HK$15.9 million).

In addition as at 31 December 2024, the Group had (i) pledged bank deposits of approximately HK$7.3 million
(2023: HK$7.2 million); (ii) pledge of cash and cash equivalents of approximately HK$2.4 million (2023: HK$51,000);
(iii) mortgage of the land and buildings of approximately HK$59.8 million (2023: HK$62.4 million); and (iv) pledge of the
trade receivables of approximately HK$132.9 million (2023: HK$160.2 million).

Save as mentioned above, we did not have any outstanding mortgages or charges, borrowings or indebtedness
including bank overdrafts, loans or debentures, loan capital, debt securities or other similar indebtedness, finance lease
or hire purchase.

ACQUISITION, DISPOSAL AND SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENT HELD
During the Year, the Group did not make any material acquisition, disposal nor significant investment.

FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR CAPITAL ASSETS
Saved as disclosed in the announcement dated 13 January 2025, the Group did not have any other future plans for
material investments or capital assets.

HUMAN RESOURCES
As at 31 December 2024, the Group employed 10,329 employees (2023: 10,229 employees), including both full time
and part time employees. Remuneration packages are generally structured by reference to market terms together with
individual qualifications and experience.

During the Year, various training activities, such as training on operational safety, team building, administrative and
management skills, were conducted to improve the quality of front-end services together with office support and
management. In addition, employees were also encouraged, subsidised and sponsored to attend job-related seminars
and courses organised by professional and/or educational institution to ensure the smooth and effective management of
the Group’s business.




12 Baguio Green Group Limited
   Annual Report 2024
BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


DIRECTORS
Executive Directors
Ng Wing Hong (吳永康), aged 70, is the Chairman and an Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Ng was appointed
as our Executive Director and the Chairman on 23 January 2014. Mr. Ng is also one of the founders and controlling
shareholders of our Group. Mr. Ng has over 40 years of experience in the environmental service industry and is
primarily responsible for the overall management, strategic planning and business development of our Group. In 1980,
Mr. Ng together with his brother, Mr. Ng Wing Sun formed a partnership under the name of Baguio Cleaning Services
Company Limited which started off as a cleaning service provider in Hong Kong. He is a director of all subsidiaries of the
Company.

Mr. Ng graduated from the University of Hong Kong in October 1977 with a Bachelor of Science degree. He also
obtained a Master of Business Administration degree from the Chinese University of Hong Kong in December 1983, a
Bachelor of Laws degree from the University of London (external degree) in August 1990 and a Postgraduate Certificate
in Laws from the University of Hong Kong in September 1991. Mr. Ng was admitted as an associated member of the
Association of Chartered Certified Accountants in September 1988 and became a fellow of the Association of Chartered
Certified Accountants in September 1993. He was also a fellow member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants in March 2000. He was admitted as an associate member of The Chartered Governance Institute in March
1988 and an associate member of The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute in August 1994. He became a fellow
member of The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute in March 2014. Mr. Ng is the brother of Ms. Ng Yuk Kwan
Phyllis.

Ng Yuk Kwan Phyllis (吳玉群), aged 56, is an Executive Director, the Chief Executive Officer and Compliance Officer of
the Company. She was appointed as our Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer on 23 January 2014. She joined
our Group as an Assistant General Manager in November 1995 and was promoted as a General Manager in February
2000. Ms. Ng has over 25 years of experience in the environmental service industry and is primarily responsible for the
overall management of our Group and for overseeing the corporate development department. She is a director of certain
subsidiaries of the Company.

Ms. Ng graduated from the University of Hong Kong with a Bachelor of Arts degree in November 1991 and a Master
of Business Administration degree from University of South Australia in April 1999 and a Master of Corporate Finance
degree from The Hong Kong Polytechnic University in September 2016. She completed the Pest Control and Pesticide
Safety for Industrial Undertakings course organised by the Hong Kong Polytechnic University in June 2009, the ISO
9000:2000 Series Internal Quality Auditor Training Course co-organised by the Hong Kong Productivity Council and
SGS International Certification Services in November 2002 and the IMS Internal Auditor Course for ISO 9001:2008 and
ISO 14001:2004 and OHSAS 18001:2007 held by the British Standards Institution in December 2013. She obtained
Professional Diploma in Corporate Governance & Directorship jointly awarded by Hong Kong Institute of Directors and
Hong Kong Productivity Council in June 2014. Ms. Ng is the sister of Mr. Ng Wing Hong.

Leung Shuk Ping (梁淑萍), aged 52, is an Executive Director of the Company. She was appointed as our Executive
Director on 23 January 2014. She joined our Group in August 1997 as a secretary and resigned in October 2010 with
her last position as a Senior Administration Manager. She rejoined our group as the Operation Director in June 2012.
Ms. Leung has over 20 years of experience in administration and business management. She currently oversees the
operation department, administration department, SHEQ department and fleet management department of our Group.

Ms. Leung was awarded a Certificate in Business Management in January 2001 and a Diploma in Business
Management in April 2008 from the School of Continuing Education Hong Kong Baptist University. She completed
the IMS Internal Auditor Course for ISO 9001:2008 and ISO 14001:2004 and OHSAS 18001:2007 held by the
British Standards Institution in December 2013. She completed the Pest Control and Pesticide Safety for Industrial
Undertakings course organised by Hong Kong Polytechnic University in 2009. She completed the Certificate
Programme on Inventory Management organised by the Hong Kong Management Association in July 1991. She was
awarded a Diploma in Company Direction in October 2018 by The Hong Kong Institute of Directors.




                                                                                    Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                          Annual Report 2024       13
BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Independent Non-executive Directors
Sin Ho Chiu (冼浩釗), aged 69, was appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company on 24 April
2014 and he is also the chairman of our Remuneration Committee. He served as the sales director and general manager
of GrafTech Hong Kong Limited from May 2011 to March 2022 and the legal representative of the Beijing representative
office of GrafTech Hong Kong Ltd from May 2017 to March 2022. From February 2011 to August 2021, Mr. Sin served
as the legal representative of Shanghai GrafTech Trading Company Limited. From October 2001 to April 2011, Mr. Sin
served and was promoted as the business director of Asia Pacific in GrafTech International Trading Inc. Between
September 1999 and September 2001, Mr. Sin served as the treasurer and controller of Union Carbide Asia Pacific Inc.
Between September 1987 and August 1999, Mr. Sin served as the finance manager of Union Carbide Asia Limited.

Mr. Sin graduated from the Chinese University of Hong Kong with a Bachelor of Science in December 1979 and a
Master of Business Administration in December 1983.

Lau Chi Yin Thomas (劉志賢), aged 66, was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company on
24 April 2014 and is also the Chairman of our Audit Committee. Mr. Lau is currently a responsible officer of United Gain
Investment Limited, a licenced corporation of the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong, with main areas
of business in advising on securities and asset management. Between April 2008 and September 2011, Mr. Lau was
a director of Zhanjiang Guolian Aquatic Products Co., Ltd.（湛江國聯水產開發股份有限公司）(Shenzhen stock code:
300094). Between April 2008 and December 2011, Mr. Lau was a member of the supervisory board of Zhuhai Winbase
International Chemical Tank Terminal Co., Ltd.（珠海恒基達鑫國際化工倉儲股份有限公司）                           （Shenzhen stock code:
002492). Mr. Lau was the Executive Director and Responsible Officer of Jolmo Capital Limited, a licenced corporation
with business in advising on securities, advising on corporate finance and asset management, over the period from
March 2005 to August 2021. Mr. Lau is currently an Executive Committee Member and the Honorary Treasurer of the
Diamond Federation of Hong Kong, China Limited.

Mr. Lau obtained a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Hong Kong in 1981 and a Master of Business
Administration degree from the Chinese University of Hong Kong in 1983. Mr. Lau has been a Chartered Financial
Analyst (CFA) since September 2001. He is a member of the International CFA Institute as well as a member of the Hong
Kong Society of Financial Analysts. Mr. Lau is a holder of CFA Certificate in ESG Investing and also a Certified ESG
Analyst (CESGA) of the European Federation of Financial Analysts Societies (EFFAS).

Cheng Edwin Tai Chiu (鄭大昭), aged 67, was appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company
on 31 May 2023 and he is also the chairman of our Nomination Committee. He is currently Dean of the Faculty of
Business, Fung Yiu King-Wing Hang Bank Professor in Business Administration and Chair Professor of Management in
The Hong Kong Polytechnic University. Having worked in the higher education field for more than 40 years, Professor
Cheng has published over 1,000 papers in international journals such as California Management Review, Journal of
Operations Management, Management Science, MIS Quarterly, Operations Research, Organization Science, and
Production and Operations Management . Professor Cheng was rated as the most prominent author in Operations
Management research in Asia (in terms of Bonacich power centrality) over the period 2001-2015 by the International
Journal of Production Economics and was named one of the “most cited scientists” in All Fields, Computer Science,
Economics and Business and Engineering over the period from 2010-2020 (top 1% in terms of citation count) by the ISI
Web of Science in 2021. Professor Cheng also regularly provides advice on management and executive development
training to public and private organizations.

Professor Cheng obtained a Bachelor of Science (Engineering) degree from the University of Hong Kong in November
1979, a Master of Science (Industrial Management) degree from the University of Birmingham in December 1980, a
Doctor of Philosophy degree from the University of Cambridge in March 1984, and a Doctor of Science degree from
the University of Cambridge in May 2007. Professor Cheng has been admitted as a chartered fellow of the Chartered
Institute of Logistics and Transport since February 2013, a fellow of the Hong Kong Institution of Engineers since
November 2016, and a fellow of the Hong Kong Academy of Engineering Science since December 2018. He was
awarded the Education Leadership Award in the 5th Asia’s Education Excellence Award in August 2014 in Singapore.




14 Baguio Green Group Limited
   Annual Report 2024
BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Chan Pak Hang (陳百恆), aged 45, was appointed as the Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary in 2023.
He brings over 20 years of expertise in accounting, finance, auditing, and legal matters and is responsible for Financial
Reporting, FP&A, Treasury, Legal, and Compliance. Before joining Baguio Green Group, Mr. Chan held notable positions
at KPMG, CK Hutchison Holdings Limited (HKEX: 00001), The Hong Kong and China Gas Company Limited (HKEX:
00003), and The Wharf Holdings Limited (HKEX: 00004).

Mr. Chan holds a Bachelor of Information Engineering and a Master of Philosophy from the Chinese University of Hong
Kong. He attained a Bachelor of Laws (LL.B.) degree from the Manchester Metropolitan University and the Postgraduate
Certificate in Laws (PCLL) from the University of Hong Kong.

He is the member of Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (HKICPA), the Association of Chartered
Certified Accountants (ACCA), the Hong Kong Institute of Arbitrators (HKIArB), and is a Certified Financial Analyst (CFA)
Charterholder.

Mr. Chan is also a member of Mensa Hong Kong.

Chow Kam Hung Ronnie (周榆桐), aged 51, was appointed as Chief Strategy Officer in November 2021. He oversees
strategy, corporate development, M&A, investment, investor relations, innovation and development of green technology
business of the Group.

Over 25 years of experience in financial market, M&A, investment, strategy and management. Mr. Chow has participated
in various large-scale international M&A transactions, strategic consultancy engagements, cross-border financing,
and massive bank restructuring and advisory deals. He has extensive management experience and worked in various
international conglomerates, including HSBC Group, AXA Group, Accenture, etc.

Mr. Chow graduated from the University of Hong Kong with a First Class Honours degree. He is also a graduate of
the Business & Sustainability Programme of the University of Cambridge. He has various professional qualifications,
including Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA), Certified Environmental, Social and Governance Analyst (CESGA), Fellow
Life Management Institute (FLMI), Associate of the Hong Kong Institute of Bankers (AHKIB).

Ho Sing Fai (何成輝), aged 45, was appointed as Head of Human Resources in August 2020. Mr. Ho oversees the
full spectrum of human resources functions including resourcing and staffing, talent management, compensations and
benefit, performance management, employee relations and reward management.

Mr. Ho has over 20 years of experience in service industry, customer relations, learning & development, culture change
and human resources management.

Mr. Ho was awarded a Master degree of Science in Strategic Human Resources Management from the Hong Kong
Baptist University.




                                                                                   Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                         Annual Report 2024       15
BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Dr. Wong Siu Man (黃紹文博士), aged 54, was appointed as General Manager – Recycling in July 2019. Dr. Wong
oversees the full spectrum of glass bottles recycling, iRecycle business including mobile app promotion, relationship
management and business development. Dr. Wong was appointed as the Head of ESG services in March 2023, and he
oversees the iRecycle business and also the business development of integrated ESG services of the Group.

Dr. Wong has over 25 years of experience in business development, corporate training, marketing and management
in Hong Kong and China in different industries including financial planning, luxury retail, tertiary education and
telecommunications.

Dr. Wong was awarded a Bachelor degree of Business Administration in Marketing from the Hong Kong Baptist
University, a Master degree of Art in Communication from the Hong Kong Baptist University, a Master degree of Social
Science in Counseling from The University of South Australia, a Bachelor degree of Science in Psychology from the
Upper Iowa University, and a Doctor of Philosophy degree in Enterprise Management from The Shanghai University of
Finance and Economic.

Lam Chi Keung (林志強), aged 60 is General Manager of Recycling Business Unit. He was appointed as the General
Manager of rPlastic Company in March 2022. Mr. Lam oversees the full spectrum of plastic recycling operations,
including facilities management, operational cost control, and stakeholder relations. His role has been expanded to
manage other recycling facilities and operations including glass bottle recycling, organic animal waste bioconversion,
food waste collection, Biochar operation since March 2023.

Mr. Lam has over 30 years’ senior managerial experience and executive leadership roles with multinational
conglomerates which include AEG Daimler Benz, General Electric Company, Ingersoll Rand Company, CECO
Environmental Company.

Mr. Lam earned his Bachelor Degree of Electrical Engineering from the Hong Kong Polytechnic University. He was
also awarded a Certificate of Entrepreneurial General Manager Program by the Duke University USA and a Diploma of
Executive Management by the Hong Kong University of Science & Technology.

Mr. Lam possesses Electrical Engineering profession with Chartered Engineer of Engineering Council and Corporate
Member of MIET, UK. He is also certified with Lean Six Sigma Black Belt.

Wong Yat Ming (黃一鳴), age 53, was appointed as General Manager – Cleaning in May 2023. Mr. Wong is
responsible for the full spectrum of cleaning operations, including facilities management, operational cost control,
and stakeholder relations. Mr. Wong has more than 25 years of experience in civil construction, infrastructure project
management, and major in public facility operation, logistic, cleaning, and catering services.

Mr. Wong was awarded a Bachelor degree in Civil Engineering from Monash University and a bachelor of science in
health & Safety from Curtin University. Mr. Wong is a Chartered Member of Institute of Occupational Safety & Health,
National Profession Engineers Register, Australia, Charter Professional Engineer of the Institution of Engineers, Australia-
Civil and member of Institution of Engineers, Australia in Civil College.

Lui Po Yi (呂寶儀), aged 58, was appointed as Assistant General Manager – Landscaping in October 2018. Ms. Lui is
responsible for the overall management of Baguio Landscaping Services Limited and Tak Tai Enviroscape Limited.

Ms. Lui has over 25 years of experience in operations management, including business and sales operations,
procurement and vendor management, governance and compliance in public listed companies. Ms. Lui has a solid
background in project management, quality assurance and business process improvement.

Ms. Lui was awarded a Bachelor degree in Social Science (Honors), Anthropology & Economics from The Chinese
University of Hong Kong. She completed the IMS Internal Auditor Course for ISO 9001:2015 and ISO 14001:2015
and ISO 45001:2018 held by the British Standards Institution. Ms. Lui is the vice-chairman of Hong Kong Greening
Contractors Association since 2019.

Kwan Hoi Hong (關海航), aged 56, was appointed as Assistant General Manager – Cleaning in April 2021. Mr.
Kwan oversees the full spectrum of cleaning operations, including facilities management, operational cost control, and
stakeholder relations. Mr. Kwan graduated from The University of California, Davis with a Bachelor degree of Science
in Managerial Economics. Mr. Kwan has extensive experience in the manufacturing industry and factory management,
especially in process improvement, quality control and system implementation between Hong Kong and China.




16 Baguio Green Group Limited
   Annual Report 2024
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The Board is pleased to present the report of the Directors and the audited consolidated financial statements of the
Group for the year ended 31 December 2024.

1.   PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
     The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. Details of the principal activities of its major
     subsidiaries are set out in note 16 to the consolidated financial statements. During the Year, there were no
     significant changes in the nature of the Group’s principal activities.

2.   BUSINESS REVIEW
     A review of the Group’s business during the Year is provided in the section headed “Management Discussion
     and Analysis” on pages 5 to 12 of this annual report. A description of the Group’s corporate governance and the
     Group’s risk management and internal control system is provided in the section headed “Corporate Governance
     Report” on pages 28 to 44 of this annual report. The Group firmly believes that sustainability plays an important
     role in its development and is actively applying its ideas to every detail of the business operations and devoted
     to delivering a better future for the society and the Company as well. The Group will publish an independent
     sustainability report according to Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide as set out in Appendix
     C2 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”) on the websites of
     the Stock Exchange and the Company in April 2025.

3.   SEGMENT INFORMATION
     An analysis of the Group’s revenue and contribution to results by principal operating activities and the Group’s
     assets and liabilities by reportable segments of operations for the year ended 31 December 2024 is set out in note
     4 to the consolidated financial statements. All of the Group’s businesses were carried out in Hong Kong during
     the Year and all of the Group’s revenue from external customers was generated in Hong Kong and Southeast Asia
     during the Year.

4.   RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS
     The results of the Group for the Year are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
     comprehensive income on page 49 of this annual report. The Directors recommended the payment of a final
     dividend of HK3.8 cents per ordinary share, totalling approximately HK$15.8 million, to be paid on or around
     Monday, 7 July 2025, to the Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on
     Monday, 23 June 2025.

     The Board considers sustainable returns to the Shareholders whilst retaining adequate reserves for the Group’s
     future development to be an objective. Under the policy on payment of dividends adopted by the Company,
     dividends may be recommended, declared and paid to the Shareholders from time to time.

5.   DIVIDEND POLICY
     Dividend Policy aims to set out the approach to achieve the intention of the Company to create long term value for
     the Shareholders through maintaining a balance between dividend distribution, preserving adequate liquidity and
     reserve to meet the working capital requirement and capturing future growth opportunities.

     The Board may propose/declare the payment of dividend(s) after taking into account the following matter factors:

     •     Group’s financial results and general financial condition;

     •     the level of the Group’s debts to equity ratio and return on equity;

     •     liquidity position and capital requirement of the Group;

     •     the Group’s current and future operations;

     •     the Group’s business development strategies and future expansion plans;




                                                                                  Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                        Annual Report 2024      17
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     •    the general market conditions;

     •    any relevant requirements of the Listing Rules and applicable laws, rules and regulations and the
          memorandum and articles of association of the Company; and

     •    any other factors that the Board considers relevant.

     The Board will review the Dividend Policy from time to time to ensure the effectiveness of the Dividend Policy. The
     Board will update, amend and/or modify the Dividend Policy at any time in the interest of the Company and the
     Shareholders.

6.   RESERVES
     Details of movements in the reserves of the Company and of the Group during the year are set out in note 43
     to the consolidated financial statements and in the consolidated statement of changes in equity on page 51,
     respectively.

7.   SHARE CAPITAL
     Details of movements in the Company’s share capital during the Year are set out in note 32 to the consolidated
     financial statements.

8.   DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
     As at 31 December 2024, the Company’s reserve available for distribution, calculated in accordance with the
     Companies Law of the Cayman Islands amounted to approximately HK$101.3 million, of which approximately
     HK$15.8 million has been proposed be paid to the Shareholders as a final dividend for the Year. Under the laws
     of Cayman Islands, the share premium account is distributable to the Shareholders provided that immediately
     following the date on which the dividend is proposed to the distributed, the Company will be in a position to pay
     off its debts as and when fall due in the ordinary course of business. The share premium account may also be
     distributed in the form of fully paid bonus shares.


9.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
     Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year are set out in note 13 to
     the consolidated financial statements.

10. BANK BORROWINGS
     Particulars of the bank borrowings of the Group as at 31 December 2024 are set out in the note 28 to the
     consolidated financial statements.

11. PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
     There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the articles of association of the Company (the “Articles of
     Association”) or the laws of the Cayman Islands, which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro
     rata basis to existing Shareholders.

12. PURCHASE, REDEMPTION OR SALE OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY
     Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, redeemed or sold any of the Company’s listed
     securities during the Year.

13. FINANCIAL SUMMARY
     A summary of the results for the year ended 31 December 2024 and of the assets and liabilities of the Group as at
     31 December 2024 and for the previous four financial years are set out on page 114 of this annual report.




18 Baguio Green Group Limited
   Annual Report 2024
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


14. DIRECTORS
    The Directors during the Year and up to the date of this report are as follows:

    Executive Directors:
    Mr. Ng Wing Hong (Chairman)
    Ms. Ng Yuk Kwan Phyllis (Chief Executive Officer and Compliance Officer)
    Ms. Leung Shuk Ping

    Independent Non-executive Directors:
    Mr. Sin Ho Chiu
    Mr. Lau Chi Yin Thomas
    Professor Cheng Edwin Tai Chiu

    Pursuant to Article 84(1) of the Articles of Association of the Company, Ms. Leung Shuk Ping and Mr. Sin Ho Chiu
    are subject to retirement by rotation at the Annual General Meeting and, being eligible, to offer themselves for re-
    election.

    The Company has received an annual confirmation of independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules
    from each of the Independent Non-executive Directors and, as at the date of this report, still considers them to be
    independent.

15. BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
    Brief biographical details of the Directors and senior management as of the date of publication of this report are
    set out on pages 13 to 16 of this annual report.

16. DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
    Each of the Executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company and is subject to termination
    by either party giving not less than three months’ written notice.

    Each of the Independent Non-executive Director has entered into a letter of appointment with the Company and is
    subject to termination by either party giving not less than one month’s written notice.

    None of the Directors proposed for re-election at the Annual General Meeting has a service contract with the
    Company or any of its subsidiaries which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of
    compensation (other than statutory compensation).

17. PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
    A permitted indemnity provision for the benefit of the Directors and officers of the Group is currently in force and
    remained in force throughout the financial year.

    Throughout the year, the Company has maintained appropriate directors and officers liability insurance cover
    providing indemnity against liability, including but not limited to liability in respect of legal action against the
    Directors and officers thereby sustained or incurred arising from or incidental to execution of duties of his/her
    offices.

18. DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE
    No contracts of significance in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company or its subsidiaries was a
    party and in which a Director had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the Year or
    at any time during the Year except as disclosed under the section headed “Connected Transactions” on pages 21
    to 22 in this report of the Directors and note 40 to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                     Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                           Annual Report 2024         19
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


19. DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
    As at the date of this report, none of the directors of the Company and directors of the Company’s subsidiaries,
    or their respective associates had interests in business, which compete or are likely to compete either directly or
    indirectly, with the business of the Company and its subsidiaries as required to be disclosed pursuant to the Listing
    Rules.

20. SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTEREST
    As at 31 December 2024, so far as is known to the Directors or chief executives of the Company, the following
    persons or corporations were deemed or taken to have an interest or short position in the shares or underlying
    shares of the Company as recorded in the register required to be kept under section 336 Part XV of the Securities
    and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) (“SFO”) or as otherwise notified to the Company:

                                                                                                  Number of        Approximate
                                               Capacity/                                              issued        percentage
      Name                                     Nature of interest                                shares held        holding (%)
      Ng Wing Hong                             Interest of controlled corporation/               279,256,000                67.29
                                                  Beneficial owner (Note 1)

      Chan Shuk Kuen                           Family interest (Note 2)                          279,256,000                67.29

      Ng Yuk Kwan Phyllis                      Beneficial owner (Note 3)                              26,736,000              6.44

      Mak Che Fai Lawrence                     Family interest (Note 4)                               26,736,000              6.44

      Baguio Green (Holding) Limited           Beneficial owner (Note 1)                         275,000,000                66.27

      David Michael Webb                       Interest of controlled corporation/                    24,924,000              6.00
                                                  Beneficial owner (Note 5)

      Preferable Situation Assets              Beneficial owner (Note 5)                              14,324,400              3.45
        Limited (“PSA”)

    Notes:

    (1)      The entire issued share capital of Baguio Green (Holding) Limited is beneficially owned by Mr. Ng Wing Hong. Therefore,
             Mr. Ng Wing Hong is deemed to be interested in all the 275,000,000 Shares of the Company (“Shares”) held by Baguio
             Green (Holding) Limited. Mr. Ng Wing Hong is a controlling shareholder (as defined under the Listing Rules) and an
             executive Director. In addition, Mr. Ng Wing Hong also directly held 4,256,000 Shares.

    (2)      Ms. Chan Shuk Kuen is the spouse of Mr. Ng Wing Hong and is therefore deemed to be interested in all the Shares held/
             owned by Mr. Ng Wing Hong (by himself or through Baguio Green (Holding) Limited) by virtue of the SFO.

    (3)      Ms. Ng Yuk Kwan Phyllis directly held 26,736,000 Shares. Ms. Ng Yuk Kwan Phyllis is an executive Director.

    (4)      Mr. Mak Che Fai Lawrence is the spouse of Ms. Ng Yuk Kwan Phyllis and is therefore deemed to be interested in all the
             Shares held by Ms. Ng Yuk Kwan Phyllis.

    (5)      The entire issued share capital of PSA is wholly owned by Mr. David Michael Webb. Therefore, Mr. David Michael Webb is
             deemed to be interested in all the 14,324,400 Shares held by PSA. In addition, Mr. David Michael Webb also directly held
             10,599,600 Shares.

    Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2024, the Company had not been notified of any other persons
    having any interest or short positions in the shares and underlying shares of the Company as recorded in the
    register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO.




20 Baguio Green Group Limited
   Annual Report 2024
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


21. DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS DISCLOSEABLE UNDER THE SFO
    As at 31 December 2024, the shareholding interests of Mr. Ng Wing Hong and Ms. Ng Yuk Kwan Phyllis are set
    out in the section “Substantial Shareholders’ Interest” above and the share option interests of all Directors are
    presented on pages 23 to 25 in the section “Share Option Scheme” below. Other than as disclosed here, none of
    the Directors and chief executive of the Company or any of their respective associates had any interest or short
    position in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporation (within
    the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section
    352 of the SFO or, as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Part XV of the SFO
    or the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers under the Listing Rules.

22. CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
    During the Year, the Company and the Group had the following continuing connected transactions, certain details
    of which are disclosed below in compliance with the requirements of Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

    Continuing connected transactions subject to reporting, announcement and annual review but exempt
    from the circular and independent shareholders’ approval requirements
    Baguio Cleaning and Nexus Solutions Limited (“NSL”) entered into an IT service agreement (the “IT Agreement”)
    on 28 January 2014 pursuant to which NSL has agreed to provide information technology services to our Group
    with hardware and networking support for three years, entered into a supplemental IT Agreement on 29 December
    2016 to extend for a period of 35 months commencing from 27 January 2017 up to and including 31 December
    2019, and further entered into a second supplemental IT Agreement on 2 January 2020 to extend three years up
    to and including 31 December 2022, and further entered into a third supplemental IT Agreement on 3 January
    2023 to extend three years upto and including 31 December 2025. Details are set out in the announcement of the
    Company dated 3 January 2023.

    NSL is owned as to approximately 87% by Mr. Ng Wing Hong, the chairman, a controlling shareholder and an
    executive Director of the Company, through his wholly owned company, IT Holdings Limited.

    During the Year, the transaction amounts of the IT product and services provided by NSL to the Group was
    approximately HK$3,199,000, which did not exceed the HK$6,000,000 annual cap for the year.

    Pursuant to Rule 14A.55 of the Listing Rules, the Independent Non-executive Directors have reviewed the above
    continuing connected transactions and confirmed that these continuing connected transactions were entered
    into (i) in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group; (ii) on normal commercial terms or, if there
    are not sufficient comparable transactions to judge whether they are on normal commercial terms, on terms no
    less favourable to the Group than terms available to or from (as appropriate) independent third parties; and (iii)
    in accordance with the relevant agreements governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the
    interests of the Shareholders as a whole.

    Pursuant to Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, the Company’s auditors were engaged to report on the Group’s
    continuing connected transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000
    “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Review of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to
    Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules”
    issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The auditors have issued their unqualified letter
    containing their findings and conclusions in respect of the continuing connected transactions disclosed above by
    the Group in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules. A copy of the auditor’s letter has been provided by
    the Company to the Stock Exchange.

    Other related party transactions as disclosed in note 40(c) (ii) and (iii) to the consolidated financial statements in
    respect of purchase of cleaning equipment and materials, rental expenses and other services fee together with
    sale of materials also constitute continuing connected transactions under the Listing Rules and are regarded as de
    minimis transaction category pursuant to Rule 14A.76(1) of the Listing Rules.




                                                                                   Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                         Annual Report 2024        21
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


    Saved as disclosed above, there is no other related party transaction or continuing related party transaction as set
    out in note 40 to the consolidated financial statements that falls under the definition of “connected transaction”
    or “continuing connected transaction” in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The Company has complied with the
    disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

23. CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE
    Save as disclosed under the section headed “Connected Transactions” in this report of the Directors:

    (i)    No contract of significance between the Company or any of its subsidiaries and a controlling shareholder of
           the Company or any of its subsidiaries subsisted during the Year or at the end of the Year; and

    (ii)   No contract of significance for the provision of services to the Company or any of its subsidiaries by
           controlling shareholder of the Company or any of its subsidiaries subsisted during the Year or at the end of
           the Year.

24. MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND MAJOR SUPPLIERS
    In the Year under review, sales to the Group’s five largest customers accounted for 76.6% (2023: 76.6%) of the
    total sales for the year and sales to the largest customer included therein amounted to 50.2% (2023: 55.1%).
    Purchases from the Group’s five largest suppliers accounted for 39.4% (2023: 39.7%) of the total purchases for
    the Year and purchases from the largest supplier included therein amounted to 15.1% (2023: 14.1%).

    None of the Directors or any of their associates or any Shareholders which, to the best of the knowledge of the
    Directors, own more than 5% of the Company’s issued share capital, had any beneficial interest in the Group’s five
    largest customers and suppliers.

25. MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
    No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business
    of the Group were entered into or existed during the Year.

26. EMOLUMENT AND REMUNERATION POLICY
    The Company has a remuneration committee for reviewing the Group’s emolument policy and structure for all
    remuneration of the Directors and senior management of the Group, having regard to the Group’s operating
    results, individual performance of the Directors and senior management and comparable market practices.

27. REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND FIVE INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS
    Details of the emoluments of the Directors and five highest paid individuals are set out in note 12 to the
    consolidated financial statements.

    No director has waived or has agreed to waive any emolument during the Year.




22 Baguio Green Group Limited
   Annual Report 2024
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


28. SHARE OPTION SCHEME
   On 24 April 2014, the Company adopted a share option scheme (the “Share Option Scheme”) for the purpose of
   providing incentives and rewards to eligible participants who contribute to the success of the Group’s operations.
   The Directors confirm that the Share Option Scheme is in compliance with Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.

   A summary of the Share Option Scheme of the Company is as follows:

   Purpose:                            To enable the Board to grant options to selected Eligible Persons (an “Eligible
                                       Person” means any employee or proposed employee (whether full time or part
                                       time employee, including any director) of any member of the Group or any
                                       invested entity, any supplier of goods or services, any customer, any person
                                       or entity that provide research, development or other technical support, any
                                       shareholders or any participants who contribute to the development and
                                       growth of the Group or any invested entity) as incentives or rewards for their
                                       contribution or potential contribution to the Group and/or to recruit and retain
                                       high caliber Eligible Persons and to attract human resources that are valuable
                                       to the Group.

   Eligible Participants:              (i)    the Board may, at its absolute discretion and on such terms as it
                                              may think fit, grant options to any Eligible Person to subscribe at the
                                              Exercise Price (as defined in the paragraph “Exercise Price” of this
                                              section) for such number of Shares as it may determine in accordance
                                              with the terms of the Share Option Scheme;

                                       (ii)   the basis of eligibility of any of the Eligible Persons to the grant of
                                              options shall be determined by the Board from time to time on the basis
                                              of his contribution or potential contribution to the development and
                                              growth of the Group.

   Total number of securities          The maximum number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of
     available for issue under         options to be granted under the Share Option Scheme and any other share
     the Share Option Scheme:          option schemes of the Company (excluding, for this purpose, options which
                                       have lapsed in accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme or any
                                       other share option schemes of the Company) must not in aggregate exceed
                                       10% of the Shares in issue on the date of the listing of the shares of the
                                       Company, i.e. 40,000,000 Shares (the “Scheme Limit”).

                                       Options lapsed in accordance with the Share Option Scheme will not be
                                       counted for the purpose of the Scheme Limit.

                                       The Scheme Limit may be refreshed at any time by obtaining approval of
                                       the Shareholders in general meeting provided that the refreshed limit must
                                       not exceed 10% of the Shares in issue at the date of the Shareholders’
                                       approval of such limit. Options previously granted under the Share Option
                                       Scheme or any other share option scheme of the Company (including those
                                       outstanding, cancelled or lapsed in accordance with the terms of the Share
                                       Option Scheme or any other share option schemes of the Company or those
                                       exercised) will not be counted for the purpose of calculating the refreshed
                                       limit.

                                       The Company may also, by obtaining separate approval of the Shareholders
                                       in general meeting, grant options beyond the Scheme Limit provided the
                                       options in excess of the Scheme Limit are granted only to Eligible Persons
                                       specifically identified by the Company before such approval is sought. The
                                       Company shall send a circular to the Shareholders which contains the
                                       information required by the Listing Rules.




                                                                                Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                      Annual Report 2024        23
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


                                       The aggregate number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all
                                       outstanding options granted and yet to be exercised under the Share Option
                                       Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company must not
                                       exceed 30% of the Shares in issue from time to time.

    Price for Subscription of          The Exercise Price is to be determined by the Board provided always that it
      Shares:                          shall be at least the higher of:

                                       (i)    the closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily quotations sheet
                                              issued by the Stock Exchange on the date of offer for the grant of the
                                              option (which is deemed to be the date of grant if the offer for the grant
                                              of the option is accepted by the Eligible Person), which must be a
                                              trading day; and

                                       (ii)   the average closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily quotations
                                              sheets issued by the Stock Exchange for the five business days
                                              immediately preceding the date of grant, provided that the Exercise
                                              Price shall in no event be less than the nominal amount of one Share.

    Amount payable on                  An offer for grant of options must be accepted within twenty one days
     acceptance of the option          inclusive of the day on which such offer was made. The amount payable
     and the period within             to the Company on acceptance of the offer for the grant of an option is
     which such payment must           HK$1.00.
     be made:

    Maximum entitlement of             The maximum number of Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of
     each eligible participant:        options granted and to be granted under the Share Option Scheme and any
                                       other share option schemes of the Company to any Eligible Person (including
                                       cancelled, exercised and outstanding options), in any 12-month period up to
                                       the date of grant shall not exceed 1% of the Shares in issue from time to time
                                       (the “Participant Limit”). Any further grant of options in excess of such limit
                                       must be separately approved by Shareholders with such Eligible Person and
                                       his associates abstaining from voting. The Company shall send a circular to
                                       the Shareholders which contains the information required by the Listing Rules.

    Exercise price:                    The Board is entitled to determine the price per Share payable on the exercise
                                       of an option according to the terms of the Share Option Scheme.

    Minimum holding period:            The Board is entitled to determine whether there is any minimum holding
                                       period, and whether there is any performance target which must be achieved,
                                       before an option granted under the Share Option Scheme is exercised.

    Period within which the            In respect of any option, such period as the Board may in its absolute
      securities must be taken         discretion determine, save that such period shall not be more than 10 years
      up under an option:              from the date of the grant of the option and in the absence of such
                                       determination, the period commencing from the acceptance date of the
                                       option and ending (i) in accordance with the Share Option Scheme; or (ii) on
                                       the day immediately preceding the tenth anniversary of the date of grant.

    The remaining life of the          The Share Option Scheme remains in force for a period of 10 years
      Share Option Scheme:             commencing on 24 April 2014 unless terminated earlier by Shareholders in
                                       general meeting.

    On 16 October 2015, the Company granted share options to certain eligible participants to subscribe for
    an aggregate of 5,216,000 ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each in the Capital of the Company, represented
    approximately 1.26% of all the Shares in issue as at the date of this report. On 23 April 2024, the Share Option
    Scheme has expired and became no longer in force. 3,012,000 share options were lapsed upon the expiration.




24 Baguio Green Group Limited
   Annual Report 2024
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


   The movement of the share options granted during the Year is as follows:

                                                                   Number of underlying shares
                                                                    comprised in share options
                                                  Outstanding                            Cancelled/ Outstanding
                                                       as at 1   Granted    Exercised        lapsed        as at               Exercise
     Name or category of                              January      during      during        during 31 December Exercise       price per
     participants                   Date of grant        2024    the Year    the Year      the Year        2024 period             share
                                   (Note 1)                                                                                         (HK$)
     Directors
     Ms. Ng Yuk Kwan Phyllis       16/10/2015         292,000          –            –      (292,000)          – 16/10/2017–         1.00
                                                                                                                  23/04/2024

     Ms. Leung Shuk Ping           16/10/2015         216,000          –            –      (216,000)          – 16/10/2017–         1.00
                                                                                                                  23/04/2024

     Mr. Sin Ho Chiu               16/10/2015         140,000          –            –      (140,000)          – 16/10/2017–         1.00
                                                                                                                  23/04/2024

     Mr. Lau Chi Yin Thomas        16/10/2015         140,000          –            –      (140,000)          – 16/10/2017–         1.00
                                                                                                                  23/04/2024

     Sub-total                                        788,000          –            –      (788,000)          –

     Other Eligible Participants
       (in aggregate)
     Other employees               16/10/2015       2,224,000          –            –     (2,224,000)         – 16/10/2017–         1.00
                                                                                                                  23/04/2024

     Sub-total                                      2,224,000          –            –     (2,224,000)         –

     Total                                          3,012,000          –            –     (3,012,000)         –


  Notes:

   (1)       The share options, those granted on 16 October 2015, vested on 16 October 2017.

   Save as disclosed above, no share options were granted or exercised in accordance with the terms of the Share
   Option Scheme during the Year.




                                                                                                 Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024        25
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


29. SHARE AWARD PLAN
    The Company adopted a share award plan (the “Share Award Plan”) on 12 December 2017. Details of which were
    disclosed in the announcements dated 12 December 2017 and 15 January 2018. The purposes of the plan is to
    recognise and reward the contribution of certain eligible participants, to give incentives to eligible participants in
    order to retain them for the continual operation and development of the Group and to attract suitable personnel for
    further development of the Group.

    A summary of the Share Award Plan of the Company is as follows:

    Eligible participants
    Eligible participants include any individual, being an employee, director, officer, consultant or adviser of any
    member of the Group or any other person whom the Board of Directors of the Company or its delegate(s)
    considers, in their sole discretion, to have contributed or will contribute to the Group.

    Total number of shares available for issue
    The total number of shares which may be awarded for each financial year under the Share Award Plan and any
    other share option scheme(s) of the Company shall not exceed 10% of the total number of shares of the Company
    in issue at the beginning of such financial year.

    Maximum entitlement of each participant
    The total number of shares issued and to be issued under the Share Award Plan and any other share option
    scheme(s) of the Company (including exercised, cancelled and outstanding options) to each participant in any
    12-month period up to and including the date of grant shall not exceed 1% of the total number of shares of the
    Company in issue as at the date of grant.

    Any further grant in excess of this 1% limit must be separately approved by shareholders with such grantee and
    his associates abstaining from voting. The Company shall send a circular to the Shareholders which contains the
    information required by the Listing Rules.

    Vesting period of awarded shares
    The Board may from time to time while the Share Award Plan is in force and subject to all applicable laws,
    determine such vesting criteria and conditions or periods for the award to be vested.

    Subject to the terms and conditions of the Share Award Plan and the fulfilment of all vesting conditions to the
    vesting of the awarded shares of the Company on such selected participant, the respective awarded shares of the
    Company shall vest in such selected participant.

    Payment on acceptance of award
    None.

    Basis of determining the purchase price of shares awarded
    Not applicable as there is no purchase price under the Share Award Plan.

    Remaining life of the Share Award Plan
    Subject to any early termination determined by the board in accordance with the rules of the Share Award
    Plan, the Share Award Plan is valid and effective for a term of 10 years commencing on its adoption date (i.e.
    12 December 2017 to 11 December 2027).

    The Company has not granted any share awards under the Share Award Plan since its adoption date.




26 Baguio Green Group Limited
   Annual Report 2024
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


30. RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE COMPANY’S SECURITIES
     Save as otherwise disclosed in this report, at no time during the Year, there were rights to acquire benefits by
     means of the acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company granted to any Director or their respective
     spouse or children under 18 years of age, or were any such rights exercised by them; or was the Company, its
     holding companies, or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors, or their respective
     spouse or children under 18 years of age, to acquire such rights in any other body corporate.


31. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
     As disclosed in the announcement dated 13 January 2025, the Company entered into a Term Sheet with two
     parties in relation to a potential acquisition of the entire issued capital of a company which carries on property
     management business in Hong Kong.

     Saved as mentioned above, the Group does not have material events after the reporting period.


32. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
     The Company is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance to safeguard the interests of
     Shareholders and to enhance corporate value and accountability. The Company has complied with all applicable
     code provisions under the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing
     Rules throughout the Year. The Company will continue to review and enhance its corporate governance practices
     to ensure compliance with the CG Code.

     Information on the corporate governance practices adopted by the Company is set out in the Corporate
     Governance Report on pages 28 to 44 of this annual report.

33. CHANGE OF DIRECTOR’S INFORMATION
     Upon specific enquiry by the Company and following confirmations from the Directors, there is no change in the
     information of the Directors required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules for the year
     ended 31 December 2024 and up to the date of this report.

34. SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
     Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, at least
     25% of the Company’s total issued share capital is held by the public as at the date of this report.

35. AUDIT COMMITTEE
     The audit committee has reviewed with the management of the Company the audited consolidated annual results
     of the Group for the Year, and reviewed the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control system of
     the Company with the management of the Company.

36. AUDITORS
     KPMG will retire and, being eligible, will offer themselves for reappointment. A resolution for the reappointment of
     KPMG as auditors of the Company is to be proposed at the Annual General Meeting of the Company.

On behalf of the Board




Mr. Ng Wing Hong
Chairman

Hong Kong, 27 March 2025




                                                                                   Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                         Annual Report 2024        27
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Board is pleased to present the Corporate Governance Report for the year ended 31 December 2024.


1.   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
     The Company is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance. The board of directors
     (the “Board”) of the Company believes that good governance is essential to achieving the Group’s objectives of
     maximizing shareholders’ value and safeguarding the interests of the shareholders. During the Year, the Company
     has complied with all code provisions as set out in the Corporate Governance Code (the “Code”) contained in
     Appendix C1 of the Listing Rules.

2.   CORPORATE CULTURE
     A positive and progressive corporate culture across the Group is vital for the Company to achieve its purpose
     towards the sustainable growth. It is the role of the Board to foster the Group’s corporate culture with the core
     principles of integrity and accountability to guide the behaviours of its employees and ensure that the Company’s
     purpose, values and business strategies are aligned to it.


3.   MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS
     The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model
     Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules.

     Specific enquiries have been made to all the Directors and the Directors have confirmed that they have complied
     with the Model Code for the year ended 31 December 2024.

     The Company has also established written guidelines on no less exacting terms than the Model Code (the
     “Employees Written Guidelines”) for securities transactions by employees who are likely to be in possession of
     unpublished price-sensitive information of the Company.

     No incident of non-compliance with the Employees Written Guidelines was noted by the Company.

4.   BOARD OF DIRECTORS
     The Board currently comprises a total of six members, with three executive Directors, and three independent
     non-executive Directors:

     Executive Directors:
     Mr. Ng Wing Hong (Chairman)
     Ms. Ng Yuk Kwan Phyllis (Chief Executive Officer and Compliance Officer)
     Ms. Leung Shuk Ping

     Independent Non-executive Directors:
     Mr. Sin Ho Chiu
     Mr. Lau Chi Yin Thomas
     Professor Cheng Edwin Tai Chiu

     Mr. Ng Wing Hong and Ms. Ng Yuk Kwan Phyllis are siblings.

     The list of directors (by category) is also disclosed in all corporate communications issued by the Company from
     time to time pursuant to the Listing Rules.

     The biography details of the directors of the Company are set out under the section headed “Biographical Details
     of Directors and Senior Management” on pages 13 to 16 of this annual report.




28 Baguio Green Group Limited
   Annual Report 2024
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  The Chairman and the Chief Executive officer of the Company are Mr. Ng Wing Hong and Ms. Ng Yuk Kwan
  Phyllis, respectively. Mr. Ng Wing Hong is the brother of Ms. Ng Yuk Kwan Phyllis. The roles of the Chairman
  and the Chief Executive Officer are segregated and assumed by two separate individuals. It is aimed at striking
  a balance of power and authority so that the job responsibilities are not concentrated on any one individual. The
  Chairman is responsible for the leadership and effective running of the Board, while the Chief Executive Officer is
  delegated with the authorities to manage the business of the Group in all aspects effectively.

  Independent Non-executive Directors
  During the Year, the Board at all times met the requirements of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment of
  at least three independent non-executive directors representing one-half of the Board. These Independent Non-
  executive Directors are seasoned individuals from diversified backgrounds and industries and one member has
  appropriate accounting and related financial management expertise.

  The Independent Non-executive Directors serve the relevant function of bringing independent judgment and
  advice on the overall management of the Company. They take the lead where potential conflicts of interests arise.

  The Company has received confirmations of independence from all existing Independent Non-executive Directors
  and considers them independent, in accordance with Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. All Directors have a term of
  office of three years and are required to retire and, being eligible, can offer themselves for re-election at the Annual
  General Meeting in accordance with the Articles of Association the Company.

  Board Independence
  The Company recognises that board independence is critical to good corporate governance and board
  effectiveness. The participation of Independent Non-executive Directors in the Board brings independent and
  objective judgment on issues relating to the Group’s strategy, performance, conflicts of interest and management
  process to ensure that the interests of all Shareholders have been duly considered. To ensure independent views
  and input are available to the Board, the following mechanisms are established by the Board:

  •     Three out of the six directors are independent non-executive directors which represents one-half of
        the Board. The chairman of remuneration committee, nomination committee, and audit committee are
        independent non-executive directors. All independent non-executive directors continue to devote adequate
        time contribution to the Company;

  •     All independent non-executive directors share their views and opinions through regular quarterly Board/
        Committee meetings;

  •     The Chairman meets with all independent non-executive directors at least annually without the presence of
        other directors which provides a platform for the Chairman to listen to independent views on various issues
        concerning the Group;

  •     External independent professional advice would be provided to independent non-executive directors upon
        reasonable request to assist them to perform their duties to the Company;

  •     Directors are provided with monthly reports covering highlights of the Company’s major business and
        financial updates to keep abreast of the Group’s business performance and enable them to bring informed
        decisions in the best interest of the Company and the Shareholders;

  •     The Nomination Committee will continue to assess the continued independence of existing independent
        non-executive directors on an annual basis. All independent non-executive directors are required to confirm
        in writing annually their compliance of independence requirements pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules;
        and

  •     The independent non-executive directors whom had served more than 9 years should be subject to a
        separate resolution to be approved by the Shareholders. The Company shall disclose the length of tenure of
        each such independent non-executive director in the circular to the Shareholders.



                                                                                  Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                        Annual Report 2024         29
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


    During the Year, the Board reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the abovementioned mechanisms
    and considered that such mechanisms remain effective.

    Responsibilities, Accountabilities and Contributions of the Board and Management
    The Board is responsible for the leadership and control of the Company and oversees the Company’s businesses,
    strategic decisions and performance. The Board has delegated to the chief executive officer, and through her, to
    the senior management, to execute the Board’s strategy and implementing its policies through the day-to-day
    management and operation of the Company.

    The Board determines which functions are reserved to the Board and which are delegated to the senior
    management. It delegates appropriate aspects of its management and administrative functions to senior
    management. The delegated functions and responsibilities are periodically reviewed. Approval has to be obtained
    from the Board prior to any significant transactions entered into by the aforesaid officers.

    The Board reserves for its decision all major matters of the Company, including: approval and monitoring of all
    policy matters, overall strategies and budgets, mergers and acquisitions, risk management and internal control
    systems, corporate structure, material transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests),
    financial information, appointment of directors, announcements of interim and final results and payment of
    dividends.

    During the Year, the Board has reviewed the above arrangements for delegation of responsibilities to senior
    management and considered it to be appropriate.

    Directors and Officer’s Liabilities
    The Company has arranged for appropriate insurance coverage in respect of legal action against the Directors and
    officers against losses or liabilities sustained or incurred arising from or incidental to execution of their duties. The
    insurance coverage is reviewed on an annual basis or any intervals as deemed appropriate by the Board.

    Directors’ Continuous Professional Development
    During the Year, to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills, all Directors have participated in appropriate
    continuous professional development training which covered updates on laws, rules and regulations as well as the
    updated corporate governance policies and also directors’ duties and responsibilities. The following shows the
    training of each of the directors received during the Year:

                                                                                     Attending                   Reading
                                                                             seminars/webinars                  materials
    Executive Directors
    Mr. Ng Wing Hong                                                                              ✓                      ✓
    Ms. Ng Yuk Kwan Phyllis                                                                       ✓                      ✓
    Ms. Leung Shuk Ping                                                                           ✓                      ✓

    Independent Non-executive Directors
    Mr. Sin Ho Chiu                                                                               ✓                      ✓
    Mr. Lau Chi Yin Thomas                                                                        ✓                      ✓
    Professor Cheng Edwin Tai Chiu                                                                ✓                      ✓




30 Baguio Green Group Limited
   Annual Report 2024
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


5.   DIVERSITY AND WORKFORCE
     The Board has adopted a board diversity policy which sets out the approach to achieve diversity on the Board.

     The Board takes diversity at the Board level as an essential element in supporting the attainment of its strategic
     objectives and its sustainable development. In designing the Board’s composition, board diversity has been
     considered from a number of aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational
     background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. All board appointments will
     be based on meritocracy, and candidates will be considered against objective criteria, having due regard for the
     benefits of diversity on the Board.

     The Board will review the Board Diversity Policy on a regular basis to ensure its continual effectiveness.

     In addition, the Board promotes the importance of gender diversity, the current composition of the Board consists
     of 4 males and 2 females. The Board is of the view that the existing gender diversity in respect of the Board is
     sufficient, and that the nomination policy of the Company can ensure that there will be a pipeline of potential
     successors to the Board which continues the existing gender diversity in the Board.

     As at 31 December 2024, the gender ratio of the workforce of the Group was 41.9%: 58.1% male to female. As
     to senior management, our Assistant General Manager in Landscaping Segment is female. Although the Company
     does not currently have a specific diversity policy on hiring employees or appointing senior management, as an
     equal opportunity employer, the Company applies the principle of “Fairness, Openness and Impartiality” to all
     employment practices, as mentioned in the paragraphs of Upholding Our Employees from pages 34 to 43 of
     the Sustainability Report. The Board is satisfied that the Company has achieved gender diversity in its workforce.

6.   BOARD COMMITTEES
     The Board has established a remuneration committee, a nomination committee, an audit committee and a
     sustainability steering committee. They are each established with specific written terms of reference which deal
     clearly with their respective authority and responsibilities.

     There was satisfactory attendance for meetings of the board committees during the Year. The minutes of
     the committee meetings were circulated to all members of the Board unless a conflict of interest arises. The
     committees are required to report back to the Board on key findings, recommendations and decisions.

     Remuneration Committee
     The purpose of the committee is to make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration policy and structure
     for all directors and senior management of the Company and the remuneration of all directors of each subsidiary of
     the Company.

     The committee is responsible for making recommendations to the Board on the establishment of a formal and
     transparent procedure for developing remuneration policy in respect of all directors and senior management and
     for determining remuneration packages of individual executive directors and senior management. It also makes
     recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of independent non-executive directors. No director should
     be involved in deciding that director’s own remuneration.

     The committee consults the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer about remuneration proposals for other
     executive Directors.




                                                                                   Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                         Annual Report 2024       31
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


    The Company’s remuneration policy seeks to provide fair market remuneration in a form and value to attract,
    retain and motivate high quality staff. Remuneration packages are set at market levels to ensure comparability and
    competitiveness with other companies in the industry and market competing for a similar talent pool. Emoluments
    are also based on an individual’s knowledge, skill, time commitment, responsibilities and performance and by
    reference to the Company’s profits and performance.

    Members of the Remuneration Committee are:

    Mr. Sin Ho Chiu (Independent non-executive Director) (Chairman)
    Mr. Lau Chi Yin Thomas (Independent non-executive Director)
    Professor Cheng Edwin Tai Chiu (Independent non-executive Director)
    Mr. Ng Wing Hong (Executive Director)

    The terms of reference of the remuneration committee are available on the website of the Company and the
    website of the Stock Exchange.

    During the Year, the remuneration committee had held one meeting to discuss and review the remuneration
    packages of the Directors and senior management of the Company. All members of the remuneration committee
    have attended the above meeting.

    Details of emoluments of the Directors and five highest paid individuals are set out in note 12 to the consolidated
    financial statements.

    The remuneration paid to members of senior management by band is set out below:

                                                                                        Number of employee
                                                                                             2024               2023
    Less than HK$1,000,001                                                                       –                  1
    HK$1,000,001 – HK$1,500,000                                                                  5                  6
    HK$1,500,001 – HK$2,000,000                                                                  2                  –
    HK$2,000,001 – HK$2,500,000                                                                  1                  2


    Nomination Committee
    The purpose of the Nomination Committee is to lead the process for Board appointments and for identifying and
    nominating for the approval of the Board candidates for appointment to the Board.

    The committee is responsible for reviewing the structure, size and composition (including skills, knowledge and
    experience) of the Board at least annually and making recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board
    to complement the Company’s corporate strategy, identifying individuals suitably qualified to become members of
    the Board and selecting or making recommendations to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for
    directorships. The committee is also responsible for assessing the independence of independent non-executive
    directors and making recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of directors and
    succession planning for directors, in particular the chairman, the vice chairman and the chief executive officer of
    the Company.

    The committee consults the chairman of the Board about his proposals relating to the process for Board
    appointments and for identifying and nominating candidates as members of the Board.

    The criteria for the committee to select and recommend a candidate for directorship include the candidate’s
    skills, knowledge, experience and integrity and whether he/she can demonstrate a standard of competence
    commensurate with his/her position as a director of the Company.




32 Baguio Green Group Limited
   Annual Report 2024
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


  The Nomination Committee has also adopted a nomination policy (the “Nomination Policy”) which sets out the
  selection criteria and procedure of appointing and re-appointing and re-appointing a Director. The selection criteria
  used in assessing the suitability of a candidate include, inter alia, his/her academic background and professional
  qualifications, relevant experience in the industry, character and integrity and whether he/she can contribute to the
  diversity of the Board as detailed in the Diversity Policy. The procedure of appointing and re-appointing a Director
  is summarized as follows:

  －    nomination and invitation of suitable candidates by any member of the Nomination Committee or the Board;

  －    evaluation of the candidate by the Board based on all selection criteria as set out in the Nomination Policy;

  －    performing due diligence in respect of each candidate and making recommendation for the Board’s
       consideration and approvals;

  －    in case of nomination of an independent non-executive Director, assessing the candidate’s independence
       under the relevant Code Provisions and the Listing Rules;

  －    where nominating an independent non-executive Director for election at general meetings, having due
       consideration of matters under Code Provision B.3.1 under Part 2 of Appendix C1;

  －    in the context of re-appointment of retiring Directors, reviewing the candidate’s overall contribution and
       performance and making recommendations to the Board and/or the Shareholders for consideration in
       connection with his/her re-election at general meeting; and

  －    convening a meeting of the Board to consider the appointment or re-appointment of the candidate as a
       Director.

  Members of the Nomination Committee are:

  Professor Cheng Edwin Tai Chiu (Independent non-executive director) (Chairman)
  Mr. Sin Ho Chiu (Independent non-executive director)
  Mr. Lau Chi Yin Thomas (Independent non-executive director)
  Ms. Ng Yuk Kwan Phyllis (Executive director)

  The terms of reference of the Nomination Committee are available on the website of the Company and the website
  of the Stock Exchange.

  During the Year, the Nomination Committee had held one meeting to review the structure, size and composition of
  the Board. All members of the Nomination Committee have attended the above meeting.


  Audit Committee
  The purpose of the Audit Committee is to establish formal and transparent arrangements to consider how the
  Board applies financial reporting, risk management and internal control principles and maintains an appropriate
  relationship with the Company’s external auditors.

  The committee is responsible for making recommendations to the Board on the appointment, re-appointment and
  removal of the external auditors, approving the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditors,
  and considering any questions of its resignation or dismissal.

  The committee reports to the Board any suspected fraud and irregularities, significant risks, failures of internal
  control or suspected infringement of laws, rules and regulations which come to its attention and are of sufficient
  importance to warrant the attention of the Board.




                                                                                Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                      Annual Report 2024        33
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


    Members of the Audit Committee are:

    Mr. Lau Chi Yin Thomas (Independent non-executive director) (Chairman)
    Mr. Sin Ho Chiu (Independent non-executive director)
    Professor Cheng Edwin Tai Chiu (Independent non-executive director)

    The members of the committee possess appropriate professional qualifications and/or experience in financial
    matters.

    The Audit Committee reviewed, together with senior management and the external auditors, the financial
    statements for the six months ended 30 June 2024 and for the year ended 31 December 2024, the accounting
    principles and practices adopted by the Company, statutory compliance, other financial reporting matters, risk
    management and internal control systems and continuing connected transactions of the Company.

    The terms of reference of the Audit Committee are available on the website of the Company and the website of the
    Stock Exchange.

    During the Year, the audit committee had held four meetings for planning the annual audit of the Company for the
    years ended 31 December 2023 and 2024, considering the annual results of the Company for the year ended
    31 December 2023, considering the interim results of the Company for the six months ended 30 June 2024
    respectively.

    The committee has recommended to the Board (which endorsed the recommendation) that, subject to the
    Shareholders’ approval at the Annual General Meeting, KPMG be re-appointed as the Company’s external
    auditors for 2025.

    Sustainability Steering Committee
    The Company attaches great importance to sustainability. Our sustainability steering committee was established
    during the Year to manage and monitor the sustainability matters. The purpose of the committee is to devise and
    review the Company’s sustainability direction and strategy, and reports to the Board of Directors.

    Duties of the committee:

    —    acting as a bridge of communication among the Board of Directors, ESG Working Group, business units and
         departments of the Company;

    —    disseminating sustainability-related decisions and advice made by the Board of Directors to ESG Working
         Group, business units and departments of the Company effectively, accurately, and clearly;

    —    incorporating sustainability issues into the consideration of the Company’s potential risks and business
         development opportunities;

    —    setting sustainability directions and targets of the Company, and assisting business units and departments in
         the implementation of the related policies; and

    —    reporting the Company’s sustainability performance and progress to the Board of Directors regularly.

    Striving for effective implementation of sustainability strategy, the ESG working group is also formed by
    representatives form business units and departments of the Company to facilitate conveyance of commitment,
    derive related work, and ensure continuous performance improvement.




34 Baguio Green Group Limited
   Annual Report 2024
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Members of the Sustainability Steering Committee are:

     Ms. Ng Yuk Kwan Phyllis (Executive director) (Chairman)
     Ms. Leung Shuk Ping (Executive director)
     Mr. Sin Ho Chiu (Independent Non-executive director)
     Mr. Lau Chi Yin Thomas (Independent Non-executive director)
     Professor Cheng Tai Chiu (Independent Non-executive director)
     Mr. Chan Pak Hang (Chief Financial Officer)
     Mr. Chow Kam Hung Ronnie (Chief Strategy Officer)
     Mr. Ho Shing Fai (Head of Human Resources)
     Ms. Ho Mei Yan (Assistant Manager of Sustainability Department)

     The Chairman of the committee has the right to appoint representatives from business units and departments as
     committee members or attend committee meetings, when deemed necessary.

     The terms of reference of the sustainability steering committee are available on the website of the Company.

     During the Year, the Sustainability Steering Committee had held four meetings to devise and to review the
     Company’s sustainability direction and strategy.

     The Group will publish an independent sustainability report according to the Environmental, Social and
     Governance Reporting Guide as set out in Appendix C2 to the Listing Rules on the websites of the Stock
     Exchange and the Company in April 2025.

7.   ATTENDANCE RECORDS OF DIRECTORS AND COMMITTEE MEMBERS
     During the Year, a total of three board meetings were held. The attendance of each Director at the board meetings
     and general meetings during the Year is set out below:

                                                  Number of meetings held during the year
                                                       Attended/Eligible to attend
                                                                                                               Annual
                                              Board Remuneration         Nomination           Audit           General
                                             Meeting  Committee          Committee        Committee           Meeting
     Executive Directors
     Mr. Ng Wing Hong                             3/3             1/1             1/1             2/4               1/1
     Ms. Ng Yuk Kwan Phyllis                      3/3                             1/1             1/4               1/1
     Ms. Leung Shuk Ping                          3/3

     Independent non-executive
        directors
     Mr. Sin Ho Chiu                              3/3             1/1             1/1             4/4               1/1
     Mr. Lau Chi Yin Thomas                       3/3             1/1             1/1             4/4               1/1
     Professor Cheng Edwin Tai Chiu               2/3             1/1             1/1             3/4               1/1




                                                                                 Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                       Annual Report 2024        35
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Prior notices of the board meetings were despatched to the Directors setting out the matters to be discussed
     at the meetings. At the meetings, the Directors were provided with the relevant documents to be discussed and
     approved. The company secretary was responsible for keeping minutes of the meetings of the Board and Board
     Committees.

     The Board is regularly provided with brief reports containing balanced and comprehensive evaluation on the
     Group’s performance, status and prospects to keep it abreast of the Group’s affairs and facilitate the Directors’
     performance of their obligations under the relevant requirements of the Listing Rules.

8.   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTIONS
     The Board has the following responsibilities:

     (a)   to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance; and to review the
           compliance with the CG Code and disclosures in the corporate governance report;

     (b)   to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory
           requirements;

     (c)   to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of the directors and senior
           management; and

     (d)   to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct applicable to the directors and employees.

9.   FINANCIAL REPORTING
     The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities for preparing the financial statements for the Company. The
     directors are regularly provided with updates on the Company’s businesses, potential investments, financial
     objectives, plans and actions.

     The Board aims at presenting a balanced, clear and comprehensive assessment of the Company’s performance,
     position and prospects. Management provides such explanation and information to the directors to enable the
     Board to make informed assessments of the financial and other matters put before the Board for approval.

     The Board considers that, through a review made by the audit committee, the resources, staff qualifications
     and experience, training programs and budget of the Company’s accounting and financial reporting function are
     adequate.

     The senior management has provided to the Board such explanation and information as are necessary to enable
     the Board to carry out an informed assessment of the Company’s financial statements, which are put to the Board
     for approval.

     The Directors were not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions which may cast
     significant doubt upon the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.

     The statement by the independent auditors of the Company regarding their reporting responsibilities on the
     consolidated financial statements of the Company is set out in the Independent Auditors’ Report on pages 45 to
     48 of this annual report.




36 Baguio Green Group Limited
   Annual Report 2024
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


10. RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
   Overview of Risk Management Framework
   Our risk management framework is designed to systematically identify, assess, and mitigate risks across all
   operational areas. Established in 2016, the framework follows the COSO Enterprise Risk Management-Integrated
   Framework, which aims to manage risks associated with achieving business objectives and provide reasonable
   assurance against material misstatement or loss.

   Our framework aligns with the latest HKEx Corporate Governance recommendations by integrating best
   practices in corporate governance and risk management. This alignment ensures transparency and accountability
   throughout the organization, fostering a robust risk management culture.

   The key objectives of our risk management framework include safeguarding assets, ensuring compliance with
   regulatory requirements, enhancing decision-making processes, and promoting a culture of risk awareness. These
   objectives support the company’s strategic goals by enabling us to pursue growth opportunities while effectively
   managing potential risks.

   The Board acknowledges that it is responsible for the risk management and internal control systems of the
   Group on an ongoing basis and reviewing their effectiveness. Such systems are designed to manage rather than
   eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute
   assurance against material misstatement or loss.

   During the Year, the Board, through the Audit Committee, conducted a review of the effectiveness of the risk
   management and internal control systems of the Group, including the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications
   and experience, training programmes and budget of the Group’s accounting, internal controls and financial
   reporting functions as well as those relating to the Company’s ESG performance and reporting. In this respect,
   the Audit Committee communicates any material issues to the Board. The Board is of the view that the risk
   management and internal control systems of the Group are effective and adequate.

   Governance Structure
   Our governance structure follows a “Three Lines of Defense” model:

   •    First Line of Defense: Operational management is responsible for identifying, assessing, and managing risks
        through the implementation of appropriate policies and procedures. They own and manage risks as part of
        their daily operations.

   •    Second Line of Defense: Our risk management team, comprising department heads and risk owners (as
        nominated by department heads), supports operational management by monitoring and improving the
        effectiveness of risk controls. The Senior Finance Manager convenes the team’s meetings. The team is
        responsible for maintaining a risk register, conducting annual reviews of the Group’s risk profile, and assisting
        departments in developing processes to effectively manage risks.

   •    Third Line of Defense: For FY2024, we rely on external auditors as our third line of defense. Our external
        auditors play a crucial role in providing assurance on the accuracy of our financial statements. They
        also offer valuable recommendations for enhancing our risk management and internal control systems.
        Starting in FY2025, we will engage an independent professional firm to further enhance our internal control
        review process based on risks identified by the Audit Committee. This firm will report directly to the Audit
        Committee on their findings.




                                                                                  Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                        Annual Report 2024        37
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                          Board of Directors




                                           Audit Committee


                                                                                                            3rd Line of Defense


                                                                                                            ＜External Audit＞
                                Senior Management




           1st Line of Defence                             2nd Line of Defence
         <Own & Manage Risks>                               <Oversee Risks>

         Operational Management                              Risk Management



    The Board engages with management through regular meetings where management presents updates on risk
    management and internal control matters. These discussions facilitate a comprehensive dialogue on current risks,
    control effectiveness, and any necessary actions to address identified issues. The Audit Committee plays a crucial
    role in overseeing these processes and communicates any significant findings or concerns to the Board.

    The Board also acknowledges its responsibility for ongoing oversight of risk management and internal control
    systems. During the past year, through the Audit Committee, a thorough review was conducted on system
    effectiveness, including resource adequacy and staff qualifications. The Audit Committee communicates any
    material issues to the Board. While we currently do not have an internal audit department due to resource
    constraints, this need is assessed annually.

    Risk Assessment Process
    Risks are identified through a combination of top-down and bottom-up approaches that allow us to
    comprehensively assess and prioritize risks across various operational areas. Emerging risks identified include:

    •    Stronger focus on Health and Safety

    •    Rise of automation and smart cleaning technologies – investing in new technologies to stay competitive

    •    Environmental awareness – more eco-friendly use of chemicals and waste disposal

    •    Labor shortages – rising labor costs and difficulties in hiring and retaining workers

    •    Climate change – extreme weather conditions can jeopardize worker safety and lead to higher labor costs,
         such as additional pay for services during typhoons




38 Baguio Green Group Limited
   Annual Report 2024
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


  We maintain a central risk register that tracks major identified risks and provides a holistic overview for the Board
  and senior management. Major risks identified and mitigation measures include the following:

                                                             Mitigation
   Risk Category        Risk                                 Measures
   Strategic            Customer Concentration               We continuously diversify our customer base to reduce
                                                             reliance on a few key customers. We actively target new
                                                             markets or develop new services to appeal to a broader
                                                             audience. The Group intends to acquire a property
                                                             management company in Hong Kong as disclosed in
                                                             the announcement dated on 13 January 2025.

                        Investment                           We conduct thorough risk assessments before making
                                                             significant investments. We set aside contingency funds
                                                             to address unexpected financial challenges.

                        Reputation                           We implement a proactive communication strategy to
                                                             address negative public opinion or perception.

   Operational          Fleet Management                     We implement regular maintenance schedules
                                                             and safety checks for vehicles. We monitor vehicle
                                                             performance and driver behavior to identify and address
                                                             potential issues promptly.

                        Workplace Injury                     We enforce safety protocols and provide regular
                                                             safety training to employees. We also conduct
                                                             risk assessments to identify potential hazards and
                                                             implement control measures.

                        Third-Party Liability                We secure comprehensive insurance coverage to
                                                             transfer the risk of financial losses due to unforeseen
                                                             incidents causing damage or injury to third parties.
                                                             We ensure contracts with third parties include clauses
                                                             addressing liability and indemnification.

                        Disruption of IT System              We implement redundant systems and backup plans to
                                                             minimize the impact of technological failures. We also
                                                             develop and regularly test disaster recovery plans to
                                                             ensure business continuity.

                        Cyber-attacks                        We implement strong cybersecurity measures,
                                                             including firewalls, intrusion detection systems, and
                                                             data encryption. We also regularly update security
                                                             software and provide cybersecurity awareness training
                                                             to employees.

                        Labor Cost                           We continuously improve workforce management
                                                             practices to reduce labor costs. We perform wage
                                                             analyses regularly to monitor budget.




                                                                                Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                      Annual Report 2024        39
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


                                                               Mitigation
     Risk Category        Risk                                 Measures
     Financial            Market, Credit, and Liquidity        Please refer to Note 36 to the consolidated financial
                                                               statements “Financial Instruments” for further
                                                               discussion.

     Compliance           Change of Listing Rules and          We stay informed about changes in regulations and
                           Relevant Company Regulations        update internal policies and procedures accordingly.
                           and Ordinances                      We engage legal counsel to ensure compliance with all
                                                               applicable laws and regulations.

                          Failure to Comply with Contract      We implement contract management processes to
                            Terms                              ensure all parties meet their obligations.

                          Non-Compliance with Ordinances We provide training to employees on relevant
                           Related to Employment,          ordinances and safety procedures. We also conduct
                           Occupational Safety, and Health regular inspections to ensure compliance with safety
                                                           standards. Please refer to our Sustainability Report for
                                                           further details.

                          Information Leakage                  We implement data loss prevention measures to protect
                                                               sensitive information. We also train employees on
                                                               data security best practices and enforce strict access
                                                               controls.

                          Climate Change                       We conduct risk assessments to identify potential
                                                               climate-related risks and opportunities. We also
                                                               implement measures to reduce greenhouse gas
                                                               emissions and adapt to the impacts of climate change.
                                                               Please refer to our Sustainability Report for further
                                                               details.

    Existing and new risks, including operational disruptions stemming from supply chain issues and regulatory
    compliance challenges, were actively monitored. These risks are prioritized based on their likelihood of occurrence,
    potential impact on our strategic goals, and resource availability, with high-impact, high-likelihood risks receiving
    the highest priority. ESG risks are integrated through dedicated assessments that evaluate environmental
    impacts alongside social responsibilities. We continuously refine our practices to align with current ESG reporting
    standards.

    The Audit Committee relies on the risk assessment work conducted by the risk management team to evaluate the
    effectiveness of the organization’s risk management systems. This involves a systematic review of significant risks
    identified and assessed through established processes, including:

    •     Examining reports from management that provide insights into how key risks are being managed and
          mitigated.

    •     Reviewing the risk register, which reflects a comprehensive profile of key risks across the organization.

    •     Assessing whether appropriate policies, procedures, and controls are in place to address these risks
          effectively.

    •     Discussing any significant control failings or weaknesses identified and the actions taken to rectify them.




40 Baguio Green Group Limited
   Annual Report 2024
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


  Recent assessments have highlighted areas for improvement in the organization’s internal control processes,
  prompting management to implement necessary remediations to enhance overall risk management effectiveness.
  Specifically, the Board wishes to enhance the internal control processes in the following areas:

  •    Risk management, fraud detection and prevention, and the whistleblowing system

  •    Financial authority and delegation

  •    IT investment decision-making process, IT vendor selection and tendering, and IT project management

  •    Vendor selection

  To support these enhancements, we seek professional advice from external consultants to assist with the
  assessment and remediation process in the areas identified above.

  Control Activities
  To mitigate environmental-related risks, the Group implements comprehensive compliance checks for
  environmental regulations to ensure adherence to legal standards. We have also established extensive employee
  training programs focused on safety protocols to enhance staff awareness of occupational health and safety,
  especially during extreme weather events.

  For mitigation of operational risks, we have developed specific mitigation measures for each of the significant
  operational risks identified. Please refer to “Risk Assessment Process” above for further details.

  We ensure that control activities are consistently applied across all departments through a centralized control
  framework that mandates adherence to established procedures. This framework is supported by regular training
  sessions to reinforce the importance of these controls and ensure uniform implementation.

  In response to past assessments and audits, we have made several enhancements to our control activities. These
  include improvements in waste management practices and regulatory compliance. These changes were made to
  address areas for improvement highlighted by audits and ensure that our control activities remain effective and up-
  to-date.

  Information and Communication
  Information regarding risk management is communicated throughout the organization via newsletters, training
  sessions, and dedicated intranet resources that detail policies and updates. To ensure all employees understand
  their roles in relation to risk management, comprehensive training programs are provided alongside clear
  documentation that outlines individual responsibilities within our risk management framework. Feedback on the
  effectiveness of our risk management strategies is gathered through surveys and focus groups, encouraging
  employees to share their insights. Our risk management team regularly evaluates the effectiveness of these
  measures.

  Monitoring and Review
  Continuous monitoring of the effectiveness of our risk management and internal control systems is conducted
  through periodic manual reviews by senior management. The Audit Committee undertakes annual reviews of the
  Group’s risk management and internal controls. Recent findings highlighted the need to enhance our financial
  planning and analysis process. Following these monitoring activities, several adjustments have been made to our
  practices, effective since April 2024. These adjustments aim to enhance financial oversight, improve decision-
  making, and strengthen strategic planning. Key changes include:

  •    The Finance team now conducts more in-depth monthly performance analysis of financial results, reporting
       key findings to Management and the Audit Committee.

  •    Business Units and Departments, led by Heads of Department and Executive Directors, conduct more in-
       depth analyses, communicated through monthly meetings and written reports.




                                                                               Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                     Annual Report 2024       41
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


    •    The budget-setting process is more closely integrated with performance evaluation through enhanced
         monthly financial reporting, ensuring a continuous feedback loop through monthly Management meetings.
         Reports are also provided to the Audit Committee.

    The Audit Committee has direct channels to inquire and communicate with the Executive Director and Chief
    Finance Officer, ensuring transparency and timely responses to critical financial matters. The benefits of these
    adjustments include improved decision-making through proactive identification of risks and opportunities,
    enhanced financial performance through swift corrective actions, and better strategic planning by aligning financial
    resources with strategic objectives.

    Commitment to Improvement
    The Group demonstrates its commitment to continuous improvement in risk management practices by actively
    seeking external audits and incorporating feedback into our practices. We foster a culture of continuous learning
    among staff members through ongoing training programs tailored to different levels within the organization,
    enhancing their understanding of both risk management principles and internal controls. Looking ahead, we have
    planned future initiatives to further strengthen our risk management framework, particularly concerning climate-
    related risks. These initiatives include developing a comprehensive climate strategy aligned with international
    standards and investing in technology to improve data analytics related to climate impacts.

11. HANDLING AND DISSEMINATION OF INSIDE INFORMATION
    For the purpose of handling and disseminating inside information in accordance with the Listing Rules and the
    SFO, the Group has taken various procedures and measures, including arousing the awareness to preserve
    confidentiality of inside information within the Group, sending blackout period and securities dealing restrictions
    notification to the relevant directors and employees regularly, disseminating information to specified persons on
    a need-to know basis and regarding closely to the “Guidelines on Disclosure of Inside Information” issued by the
    Securities and Futures Commission in June 2012.

12. AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION
    For the Year, KPMG charged the Group approximately HK$1.7 million for the audit services.

13 WHISTLEBLOWING POLICY AND ANTI-BRIBERY AND ANTI-CORRUPTION POLICY
    The Board has adopted the Whistleblowing Policy and system in accordance with the principles set out in
    the corporate governance code D.2.6 for employees and those who deal with the Group to raise concern, in
    confidence and anonymity, if required and appropriate, with the Audit Committee of the Company about possible
    improprieties in any matter related to the Group. The Board has also adopted the Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption
    Policy setting out responsibilities of the Group’s employees to identify and prevent bribery and corruption incidents
    in order to protect the integrity and reputation of the Group.

14. COMPANY SECRETARY
    The company secretary of the Company, Mr. Chan Pak Hang, is the Chief Finance Officer of the Company. The
    biographical details of Mr. Chan are set our under the section headed “Biographical Details of Directors and Senior
    Management” of this annual report.

    According to the requirements of Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules, Mr. Chan has taken not less than 15 hours of
    relevant professional training during the Year. The company secretary is a full time employee of the Company and
    has day-to-day knowledge of the Company’s affairs. He reports to the Chairman and is responsible for advising
    the Board on governance matters.




42 Baguio Green Group Limited
   Annual Report 2024
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


15. SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
   Procedures for shareholders to convene an extraordinary general meeting
   Pursuant to Article 58 of the Company’s Articles of Association, an extraordinary general meeting shall be called
   by the Board on the written resolution of any one or more shareholders of the Company, provided that such
   shareholder(s) held at the date of deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the
   Company carrying the right of voting at general meetings of the Company. Such meeting shall be called for the
   transaction of any business specified in the written requisition to the Board or the company secretary of the
   Company; and shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition. If within twenty-one days of
   such deposit the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the requisition(s) himself (themselves) may do
   so in the same manner, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the
   Board shall be reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by the Company.

   Procedures for putting forward proposals at general meetings
   There are no statutory provisions granting the right to shareholders to put forward or move new resolutions at
   general meetings under the Cayman Islands Companies Law or the Articles of Association of the Company.
   Shareholders who wish to move a resolution may request the Company to convene a general meeting following
   the procedures set out in the preceding paragraph.

   Procedures for directing shareholders’ enquiries to the Board
   Shareholders may at any time send their enquiries and concerns with sufficient contact details to the Board to the
   following:

   Address:      Unit A, 4/F., Dragon Industrial Building, 93 King Lam Street, Lai Chi Kok, Kowloon, Hong Kong.
   Fax:          2544-8668
   Email:        info@baguio.com.hk

   For the avoidance of doubt, shareholder(s) must deposit and send the original duly signed written requisition,
   notice or statement, or enquiry (as the case may be) to the above address, and provide their full name, contact
   details and identification in order to give effect thereto. Shareholders’ information may be disclosed as required by
   law.

16. COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS
   The Company continues to pursue a proactive policy of promoting investor relations and communications
   by conducting analyst’s briefing, road shows, participating in investors’ conferences and making corporate
   presentations during these events.

   To enhance transparency, the Company endeavors to maintain open dialogue with Shareholders through a wide
   array of channels such as the annual general meetings and other general meetings. Shareholders are encouraged
   to participate in these meetings. The Company also recognises the importance of transparency and timely
   disclosure of corporate information, which will enable Shareholders and investors to make the best investment
   decisions.

   The general meetings of the Company provide a forum for communication between the Board and the
   Shareholders. The Chairman of the Board as well as chairman of the Nomination Committee, Remuneration
   Committee and Audit Committee or, in their absence, other members of the respective committees and, where
   applicable, the chairman of the independent Board committee, are available to answer questions at shareholder
   meetings.

   To promote effective communication, the Company maintains a website at http://www.baguio.com.hk where
   up-to-date information and updates on the Company’s business operations and developments, financial
   information and other information are available for public access.




                                                                                  Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                        Annual Report 2024        43
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


    The Board reviews the Shareholders’ communication policy on a regular basis to ensure its effectiveness,
    particularly with regards to the requirements of Part 2 of Appendix C1 in the Corporate Governance Code. The
    Board has reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the Shareholders’ communication policy during its
    meetings, and is of the view that the Shareholders’ communication policy has been effectively implemented based
    on the measures adopted above.

17. COMPLIANCE OF NON-COMPETITION UNDERTAKING
    The Company has entered into a deed of non-competition dated 24 April 2014 (the “Non-competition Deed”) with
    Baguio Green (Holding) Limited and Mr. Ng Wing Hong, both being the controlling shareholders of the Company
    (the “Controlling Shareholders”), pursuant to which the Controlling Shareholders procure that its/his/her associates
    (other than the members of our Company) not to, engage in any competing business involving the environmental
    industry.

    The Company has received the annual confirmation from the Controlling Shareholders in compliance with the
    terms of the deed of non-competition. The Independent Non-executive Directors has reviewed the annual
    confirmation from the Controlling Shareholders relating to the compliance with the non-competition undertaking
    by the Controlling Shareholders under the deed of non-competition and are satisfied that the same has been
    complied with by the Controlling Shareholders under the deed of non-competition.




44 Baguio Green Group Limited
   Annual Report 2024
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024




Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of Baguio Green Group Limited
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Baguio Green Group Limited (“the Company”) and its
subsidiaries (“the Group”) set out on pages 49 to 113, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial
position as at 31 December 2024, the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the
consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended and
notes, comprising material accounting policy information and other explanatory information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
Group as at 31 December 2024 and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the
year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure
requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA.
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the
consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the
HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the Code”) together with any ethical requirements that are
relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial statements in the Cayman Islands, and we have fulfilled our other
ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
opinion on these matters.




                                                                                      Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                            Annual Report 2024        45
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



Post-employment benefit obligations
Refer to note 37 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on note 2(i).
The key audit matter                                         How the matter was addressed in our audit


The Group has a large number of staff, the costs of         Our audit procedures to assess post-employment benefit
which (comprising salaries, other benefits and post-        obligations included the following:
employment benefits including long service payments,
severance payments and gratuity payments) account for       •       obtaining an understanding of and assessing the
a very substantial portion of the Group’s total expenses.           design, and implementation of management’s key
The Group experiences high staff turnover, especially               internal controls relating to post-employment benefit
when new service contracts are awarded or existing                  obligations;
service contracts expire without renewal.
                                                            •       Assessing competence, capabilities and objectivity
The post-employment benefit obligations are assessed                of the external actuary;
by the directors using the projected unit credit method
based on an valuation prepared by qualified external        •       With the assistance of our internal actuarial
actuary in accordance with recognised industry                      specialist, evaluating the appropriateness of the
standards. Assessing the post-employment benefit                    valuation methodology with reference to the
obligations required management and the external                    requirements of the prevailing accounting standards
actuary to make a number of estimates.                              and the reasonableness of the key assumptions
                                                                    applied by the external actuary; developing an
We identified post-employment benefit obligations as a              independent expectation and comparing with the
key audit matter because the Group’s business model                 valuation of the Group;
is labour-intensive and the significant management
estimates involved in the post-employment benefit           •       Considering the reasonableness of the disclosures
obligations.                                                        in the consolidated financial statements in respect
                                                                    of the post-employment benefit obligations with
                                                                    reference to the requirements of the prevailing
                                                                    accounting standards.

INFORMATION OTHER THAN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND AUDITOR’S REPORT
THEREON
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all the information included in
the annual report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information,
we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view
in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
Ordinance and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.

The directors are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s
financial reporting process.




46 Baguio Green Group Limited
   Annual Report 2024
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion.
This report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or
accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
      fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
      sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
      resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional
      omissions, misrepresentations or the override of internal control.

•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
      appropriate in the circumstances but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
      Group’s internal control.

•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
      related disclosures made by the directors.

•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
      the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
      significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
      exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated
      financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on
      the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause
      the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
      disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in
      a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•     Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information
      of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the group financial
      statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes
      of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit
and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought
to bear on our independence and, where applicable, related safeguards.




                                                                                      Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                            Annual Report 2024        47
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024



From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance
in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We
describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or
when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because
the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such
communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Tsui Kin Wa.




KPMG
Certified Public Accountants
8th Floor, Prince’s Building
10 Chater Road
Central, Hong Kong

27 March 2025




48 Baguio Green Group Limited
   Annual Report 2024
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars)

                                                                                          2024             2023
                                                                        Note           HK$’000          HK$’000

Revenue                                                                  5            2,603,087        2,327,489
Cost of services                                                                     (2,414,722)      (2,121,367)

Gross profit                                                                            188,365          206,122
Other income, gains and losses                                          6                 9,583             4,468
Change in fair value less costs to sell of biological assets            22                    –            (3,188)
Selling and marketing expenses                                                           (2,228)           (2,416)
Administrative expenses                                                                (119,323)        (128,735)

Profit from operations                                                                   76,397              76,251
Finance costs                                                            7              (10,571)            (13,699)

Profit before taxation                                                   8               65,826              62,552
Income tax                                                               9               (9,367)            (14,424)

Profit for the year                                                                      56,459             48,128

Other comprehensive income:

Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Exchange differences on translation of financial statements
   of subsidiaries, net of nil tax                                                          (55)                (68)

Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
Remeasurement of defined benefit plan obligations                                         1,687              1,300



Other comprehensive income                                                                1,632              1,232

Total comprehensive income for the year                                                  58,091             49,360


Profit for the year attributable to:
Equity shareholders of the Company                                                       53,856             47,111
Non-controlling interests                                                                 2,603              1,017

                                                                                         56,459             48,128


Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to:
Equity shareholders of the Company                                                       55,488             48,343
Non-controlling interests                                                                 2,603              1,017

                                                                                         58,091             49,360


Earnings per share

Basic and diluted (HK cents)                                            11                12.98              11.35


The notes on pages 53 to 113 form part of these financial statements.




                                                                               Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                     Annual Report 2024        49
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars)



                                                                                      2024      2023
                                                                        Note       HK$’000   HK$’000
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                            13        198,575   244,677
Right-of-use assets                                                      14         33,768    32,640
Intangible assets                                                                    8,200     8,200
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                    17         15,181    15,043
Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                              18         28,191    24,388
Deferred tax assets                                                      31          2,098     2,457

                                                                                   286,013   327,405

Current assets
Inventories                                                              19          2,347     2,753
Contract assets                                                          20          7,765     8,734
Trade receivables                                                        21        554,451   599,616
Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                              18         24,791    22,560
Tax recoverable                                                                        795     1,430
Biological assets                                                        22              –       259
Pledged bank deposits                                                    23          7,338     7,211
Cash and cash equivalents                                                24        128,054    41,425

                                                                                   725,541   683,988

Current liabilities
Trade payables                                                           25         42,279    48,120
Contract liabilities                                                     26          4,002     3,629
Accruals, deposits received and other payables                           27        401,150   322,063
Bank borrowings                                                          28         80,810   182,664
Lease liabilities                                                        29         11,950     8,343
Tax payable                                                                          2,853    11,131

                                                                                   543,044   575,950

Net current assets                                                                 182,497   108,038

Total assets less current liabilities                                              468,510   435,443

Non-current liabilities
Other payables                                                           27            324       756
Lease liabilities                                                        29         26,138    28,278
Provision                                                                30         11,852    14,802
Deferred tax liabilities                                                 31         16,514    21,906

                                                                                    54,828    65,742

Net assets                                                                         413,682   369,701

Capital and reserves
Share capital                                                            32          4,150     4,150
Reserves                                                                 33        407,419   366,041

Total equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company                    411,569   370,191
Non-controlling interests                                                            2,113      (490)

Total equity                                                                       413,682   369,701

Approved by the Board of Directors on 27 March 2025 and signed on its behalf by:


Ng Wing Hong                                              Ng Yuk Kwan Phyllis
Director                                                  Director

The notes on pages 53 to 113 form part of these financial statements.




50 Baguio Green Group Limited
   Annual Report 2024
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars)



                                                   Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                          Share                                                   Non-
                                     Share       Share       Other       option    Translation    Retained                  controlling      Total
                                    capital   premium      reserve      reserve        reserve    earnings        Total       interests     equity
                                   HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000

As at 1 January 2023                 4,150     100,850      18,330        1,493           (202)    212,997      337,618          (1,507)   336,111


Profit for the year                      –           –           –            –              –      47,111       47,111          1,017      48,128
Other comprehensive income
   for the year                          –           –           –            –            (68)         1,300     1,232               –      1,232

Total comprehensive income
   for the year                          –           –           –            –            (68)     48,411       48,343          1,017      49,360
Dividends approved in
   respect of the previous year
   (note 10(b))                          –           –           –            –              –      (15,770)     (15,770)             –     (15,770)
Share options lapsed                     –           –           –         (328)             –          328            –              –           –

As at 31 December 2023
  and 1 January 2024                 4,150     100,850      18,330        1,165           (270)    245,966      370,191           (490)    369,701


Profit for the year                      –           –           –            –              –      53,856       53,856          2,603      56,459
Other comprehensive income
   for the year                          –           –           –            –            (55)         1,687     1,632               –      1,632

Total comprehensive income
   for the year                          –           –           –            –            (55)     55,543       55,488          2,603      58,091
Dividends approved in
    respect of the previous year
   (note 10(b))                          –           –           –            –              –      (14,110)     (14,110)             –     (14,110)
Share options lapsed                     –           –           –       (1,165)             –        1,165            –              –           –

As at 31 December 2024               4,150     100,850      18,330            –           (325)    288,564      411,569          2,113     413,682




The notes on pages 53 to 113 form part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                        Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2024             51
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars)



                                                                                    2024           2023
                                                                        Note     HK$’000        HK$’000
Operating activities
Profit before taxation                                                             65,826         62,552

Adjustments for:
  Depreciation                                                           8         87,154         85,392
  Recognition/(reversal) of credit losses on trade receivables           8            683             (53)
  Credit loss on other receivables                                       8            198          4,118
  Gain on disposal of right-of-use assets                                6         (2,491)              –
  Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                      6            722          2,532
  Gain of lease modification                                             6              –           (283)
  Change in fair value less costs to sell of biological assets           22             –          3,188
  Change in fair value of investments in life insurance                  17          (138)          (171)
  Interest income                                                        6         (1,878)          (494)
  Finance costs                                                          7         10,571         13,699

Changes in working capital:
 Decrease in inventories                                                              406             297
 Decrease in biological assets                                                        259           4,845
 Decrease in contract assets                                                          969           1,989
 Decrease/(increase) in trade receivables                                          44,482       (147,429)
 Increase in prepayments, deposits and other receivables                           (1,819)         (1,757)
 (Decrease)/increase in trade payables                                             (5,841)        11,362
 Increase in contract liabilities                                                     373           3,219
 Increase in accruals, deposits received and other payables                        85,008         60,874

Cash generated from operations                                                    284,484       103,880
Income tax paid                                                                   (22,043)        (7,615)

Net cash generated from operating activities                                      262,441         96,265

Investing activities
Interest received                                                                    1,680            295
Increase in pledged bank deposits                                                     (127)            (35)
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                              1,281          2,225
Payment for the purchase of property, plant and equipment                          (34,982)      (43,572)
Payment for the acquisition of intangible assets                                         –         (8,200)

Net cash used in investing activities                                              (32,148)      (49,287)

Financing activities
Proceeds from new bank borrowings                                       24(a)    1,728,273     1,818,619
Repayments of bank borrowings                                           24(a)   (1,830,127)   (1,812,311)
Interest paid for bank borrowings and overdrafts                        24(a)       (8,765)       (11,391)
Capital element of lease rentals paid                                   24(a)      (12,384)       (10,017)
Interest element of lease rentals paid                                  24(a)       (1,734)         (1,894)
Dividend paid to equity shareholders of the Company                                (14,110)       (15,770)
New loan from a non-controlling shareholder of a subsidiary             24(a)            –           1,600
Repayment of loan from a non-controlling shareholder of a subsidiary    24(a)       (4,695)         (3,200)
Other interest paid                                                                    (72)              –

Net cash used in financing activities                                            (143,614)       (34,364)

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                          86,679         12,614
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January                                             41,425         28,982
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                               (50)          (171)

Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December                                 24       128,054         41,425

The notes on pages 53 to 113 form part of these financial statements.




52 Baguio Green Group Limited
   Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



1.   GENERAL INFORMATION
     The Company was incorporated with limited liability in the Cayman Islands and its shares are listed on the Main
     Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. The ultimate holding company of the Company is Baguio
     Green (Holding) Limited, which was incorporated in the British Virgin Islands (“BVI”). The registered office of the
     Company is located at Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, P.O. Box 2681, Grand Cayman KY1-1111, Cayman Islands
     and its principal place of business in Hong Kong is located at Unit A, 4/F., Dragon Industrial Building, No. 93 King
     Lam Street, Lai Chi Kok, Kowloon, Hong Kong.

     The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The principal activities of its subsidiaries are engaged
     in the provision of environmental and related services.

     The consolidated financial statements comprise the Company and its subsidiaries (together referred to as the
     “Group”) and the Group’s interest in an associate and are presented in Hong Kong Dollars (“HK$”), which is also
     the functional currency of the Company. All values are rounded to the nearest thousand, unless otherwise stated.


2.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     (a)   Statement of compliance
           The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with all applicable Hong Kong
           Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”), which collective term includes all applicable individual Hong Kong
           Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations issued by
           the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”) and the disclosure requirements
           of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (“CO”). In addition, the consolidated financial statements include
           applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
           Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”). Material accounting policies adopted by the Group are disclosed
           below.

           The HKICPA has issued certain new and revised HKFRSs that are first effective or available for early adoption
           for the current accounting period of the Group. Note 2(c) provides information on any changes in accounting
           policies resulting from initial application of these developments to the extent that they are relevant to the
           Group for the current and prior accounting periods reflected in these financial statements.

     (b)   Basis of preparation
           The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for biological
           assets and certain financial instruments that are measured at their fair values at the end of each reporting
           period, as explained in the accounting policies below.

           The preparation of financial statements in conformity with HKFRSs requires management to make
           judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts of
           assets, liabilities, income and expenses. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical
           experience and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results
           of which form the basis of making the judgements about carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not
           readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

           The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting
           estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period,
           or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

           Major sources of estimation uncertainty in the application of HKFRSs are discussed in note 3.




                                                                                     Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                           Annual Report 2024        53
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



2.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     (b)   Basis of preparation (Continued)
           Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
           transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is
           directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or
           a liability, the Group takes into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would
           take those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value
           for measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these consolidated financial statements is determined on
           such a basis, except for share-based payment transactions that are within the scope of HKFRS 2, leasing
           transactions that are within the scope of HKFRS 16, and measurements that have some similarities to fair
           value but are not fair value, such as net realisable value in HKAS 2 or value in use in HKAS 36.

           In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level 1, 2 or 3
           based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance
           of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:

           •     Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the
                 entity can access at the measurement date;

           •     Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices include within Level 1, that are observable for the
                 asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and

           •     Level 3 inputs are unobservable for the asset or liability.

     (c)   Changes in accounting policies
           The Group has applied the following amendments to HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA to these financial
           statements for the current accounting period:

           •     Amendments to HKAS 1, Presentation of financial statements – Classification of liabilities as current or
                 non-current (“2020 amendments”) and amendments to HKAS 1, Presentation of financial statements –
                 Non-current liabilities with covenants (“2022 amendments”)

           •     Amendments to HKFRS 16, Leases – Lease liability in a sale and leaseback

           •     Amendments to HKAS 7, Statement of cash flows and HKFRS 7, Financial instruments: Disclosures –
                 Supplier finance arrangements




54 Baguio Green Group Limited
   Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



2.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     (c)   Changes in accounting policies (Continued)
           The Group has not applied any new standard or interpretation that is not yet effective for the current
           accounting period. Impacts of the adoption of the new and amended HKFRSs are discussed below:

           Amendments to HKAS 1, Presentation of financial statements (the 2020 and 2022 amendments, collectively
           the “HKAS 1 amendments”)
           The HKAS 1 amendments impact the classification of a liability as current or non-current, and are applied
           retrospectively as a package. The 2020 amendments primarily clarify the classification of a liability that can
           be settled in its own equity instruments. If the terms of a liability could, at the option of the counterparty,
           result in its settlement by the transfer of the entity’s own equity instruments and that conversion option is
           accounted for as an equity instrument, these terms do not affect the classification of the liability as current
           or non-current. Otherwise, the transfer of equity instruments would constitute settlement of the liability and
           impact classification. The 2022 amendments specify that conditions with which an entity must comply after
           the reporting date do not affect the classification of a liability as current or non-current. However, the entity
           is required to disclose information about non-current liabilities subject to such conditions in the financial
           statements.

           The HKAS 1 amendments do not have a material impact on the Group’s financial statements.

           Amendments to HKFRS 16, Leases – Lease liability in a sale and leaseback
           The amendments clarify how an entity accounts for a sale and leaseback after the date of the transaction.
           The amendments require the seller-lessee to apply the general requirements for subsequent accounting of
           the lease liability in such a way that it does not recognise any gain or loss relating to the right of use it retains.
           A seller-lessee is required to apply the amendments retrospectively to sale and leaseback transactions
           entered into after the date of initial application. The amendments do not have a material impact on the
           financial statements as the Group has not entered into any sale and leaseback transactions.

           Amendments to HKAS 7, Statement of cash flows and HKFRS 7, Financial instruments: Disclosures –
           Supplier finance arrangements
           The amendments introduce disclosure requirements to enhance transparency of supplier finance
           arrangements and their effects on an entity’s liabilities, cash flows and exposure to liquidity risk. The
           amendments do not have a material impact on the financial statements as the Group did not have any
           supplier finance arrangements.




                                                                                        Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                              Annual Report 2024          55
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



2.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     (d)   Basis of consolidation
           The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities
           (including structured entities) controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the
           Company:

           －     has power over the investee;

           －     is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and

           －     has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

           The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there
           are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

           Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when
           the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired
           or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
           comprehensive income from the date the Group gains control until the date when the Group ceases to
           control the subsidiary.

           Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the equity shareholders
           of the Company and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is
           attributed to the equity shareholders of the Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results
           in the non- controlling interests having a deficit balance.

           When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting
           policies into line with the Group’s accounting policies.

           All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between
           members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

           Non-controlling interests represent the equity in a subsidiary not attributable directly or indirectly to the
           Company, and in respect of which the Group has not agreed any additional terms with the holders of those
           interests which would result in the Group as a whole having a contractual obligation in respect of those
           interests that meets the definition of a financial liability. For each business combination, the Group can elect
           to measure any non-controlling interests either at fair value or at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate
           share of the subsidiary’s net identifiable assets.

           Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position within equity,
           separately from equity attributable to the equity shareholders of the Company. Non-controlling interests in
           the results of the Group are presented on the face of the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
           comprehensive income as an allocation of the total profit or loss and total comprehensive income for the
           year between non-controlling interests and the equity shareholders of the Company. Loans from holders of
           non- controlling interests and other contractual obligations towards these holders are presented as financial
           liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial position in accordance with note 2(r).

           In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less
           impairment losses (see note 2(n)(iii)), unless the investment is classified as held for sale.




56 Baguio Green Group Limited
   Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



2.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     (e)   Associates
           An associate is an entity in which the Group has significant influence, but not control or joint control, over the
           financial and operating policies.

           An investment in an associate is accounted for using the equity method, unless it is classified as held
           for sale (or included in a disposal group that is classified as held for sale). Under the equity method, the
           investment is initially recorded at cost, adjusted for any excess of the Group’s share of the acquisition-date
           fair values of the investee’s identifiable net assets over the cost of the investment (if any). The cost of the
           investment includes purchase price, other costs directly attributable to the acquisition of the investment, and
           any direct investment into the associate that forms part of the Group’s equity investment. Thereafter, the
           investment is adjusted for the post acquisition change in the Group’s share of the investee’s net assets and
           any impairment loss relating to the investment (see note 2(n)(iii)). Any acquisition date excess over cost, the
           Group’s share of the post-acquisition, post-tax results of the investees and any impairment losses for the
           year are recognised in profit or loss, whereas the Group’s share of the post-acquisition post-tax items of the
           investees’ other comprehensive income is recognised in other comprehensive income.

           When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in an associate, the Group’s interest is reduced to
           nil and recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has incurred legal
           or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the investee. For this purpose, the Group’s
           interest is the carrying amount of the investment under the equity method, together with any other long-
           term interests that in substance form part of the Group’s net investment in the associate, after applying the
           expected credit loss (“ECL”) model to such other long-term interests where applicable (see note 2(n)(i)).

           Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associate are eliminated
           to the extent of the Group’s interest in the investee, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an
           impairment of the asset transferred, in which case they are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

           If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture or vice versa, the retained interest
           is not remeasured. Instead, the investment continues to be accounted for under the equity method.

           In all other cases, when the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate, it is accounted
           for as a disposal of the entire interest in that investee, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit
           or loss. Any interest retained in that former investee at the date when significant influence or joint control is
           lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial
           asset.




                                                                                       Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                             Annual Report 2024         57
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



2.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     (f)   Revenue and other income
           Income is classified by the Group as revenue when it arises from the provision of services and sales of goods
           in the ordinary course of the Group’s business.

           Revenue is recognised when control over a service or product is transferred to the customer at the amount
           of promised consideration to which the Group is expected to be entitled, excluding those amounts collected
           on behalf of third parties. Revenue excludes value added tax or other sales taxes and is after deduction of
           any trade discounts.

           Where the contract contains a financing component which provides a significant financing benefit to the
           customer for more than 12 months, revenue is measured at the present value of the amount receivable,
           discounted using the discount rate that would be reflected in a separate financing transaction with the
           customer, and interest income is accrued separately under the effective interest method.

           Further details of the Group’s revenue and other income recognition policies are described below.

           Services income are recognised in the accounting period in which the services are rendered, by reference to
           completion of the specific transaction assessed on the basis of the actual service provided as a proportion
           of the total services to be provided.

           For services that are provided on ad-hoc basis, service income is recognised when the services are
           rendered.

           Revenue from sales of goods is recognised when the customer takes possession of and accepts the
           products. If the products are a partial fulfilment of a contract covering other goods and/or services, then the
           amount of revenue recognised is an appropriate proportion of the total transaction price under the contract,
           allocated between all the goods and services promised under the contract on a relative stand-alone selling
           price basis.

           Interest income is recognised as it accrues using the effective interest method. For financial assets
           measured at amortised cost that are not credit-impaired, the effective interest rate is applied to the gross
           carrying amount of the asset. For credit impaired financial assets, the effective interest rate is applied to the
           amortised cost (i.e. gross carrying amount net of loss allowance) of the asset (see note 2(n)(i)).

           Rental income receivable under operating leases is recognised in profit or loss in equal instalments over the
           periods covered by the lease term, except where an alternative basis is more representative of the pattern of
           benefits to be derived from the use of the leased asset. Lease incentives granted are recognised in profit or
           loss as an integral part of the aggregate net lease payments receivable. Contingent rentals are recognised as
           income in the accounting period in which they are earned.

           Government grants are recognised in the statement of financial position initially when there is reasonable
           assurance that they will be received and that the Group will comply with the conditions attaching to them.
           Grants that compensate the Group for expenses incurred are recognised as income in profit or loss on a
           systematic basis in the same periods in which the expenses are incurred. Grants that compensate the Group
           for the cost of an asset are deducted from the carrying amount of the asset and consequently are effectively
           recognised in profit or loss over the useful life of the asset by way of reduced depreciation expense.




58 Baguio Green Group Limited
   Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



2.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     (g)   Leased assets
           At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or
           contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time
           in exchange for consideration. Control is conveyed where the customer has both the right to direct the use
           of the identified asset and to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from that use.

           (i)   As a lessee
                 At the lease commencement date, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability,
                 except for short-term leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less and leases of low-value
                 assets. When the Group enters into a lease in respect of a low-value asset, the Group decides whether
                 to capitalise the lease on a lease-by-lease basis. The lease payments associated with those leases
                 which are not capitalised are recognised as an expense on a systematic basis over the lease term.

                 Where the lease is capitalised, the lease liability is initially recognised at the present value of the lease
                 payments payable over the lease term, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that
                 rate cannot be readily determined, using a relevant incremental borrowing rate. After initial recognition,
                 the lease liability is measured at amortised cost and interest expense is calculated using the effective
                 interest method. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or rate are not included in
                 the measurement of the lease liability and hence are charged to profit or loss in the accounting period
                 in which they are incurred.

                 The right-of-use asset recognised when a lease is capitalised is initially measured at cost, which
                 comprises the initial amount of the lease liability plus any lease payments made at or before the
                 commencement date, and any initial direct costs incurred. Where applicable, the cost of the right-
                 of-use assets also includes an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to
                 restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located, discounted to their present value, less
                 any lease incentives received. The right-of-use asset is subsequently stated at cost less accumulated
                 depreciation and impairment losses (see notes 2(m) and 2(n)(iii)).

                 The lease liability is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change
                 in an index or rate, or there is a change in the Group’s estimate of the amount expected to be payable
                 under a residual value guarantee, or there is a change arising from the reassessment of whether the
                 Group will be reasonably certain to exercise a purchase, extension or termination option. When the
                 lease liability is remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount
                 of the right-of-use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset
                 has been reduced to zero.

                 The lease liability is also remeasured when there is a lease modification, which means a change in
                 the scope of a lease or the consideration for a lease that is not originally provided for in the lease
                 contract, it such modification is not accounted for as a separate lease. In this case the lease liability is
                 remeasured based on the revised lease payments and lease term using a revised discount rate at the
                 effective date of the modification.

                 In the consolidated statement of financial position, the current portion of long-term lease liabilities
                 is determined as the present value of contractual payments that are due to be settled within twelve
                 months after the reporting period.




                                                                                      Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                            Annual Report 2024         59
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



2.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     (g)   Leased assets (Continued)
           (ii)   As a lessor
                  When the Group acts as a lessor, it determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease
                  or an operating lease. A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all the risks and
                  rewards incidental to the ownership of an underlying assets to the lessee. If this is not the case, the
                  lease is classified as an operating lease.

                  When a contract contains lease and non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in
                  the contract to each component on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. The rental income from
                  operating leases is recognised in accordance with note 2(f).

                  When the Group is an intermediate lessor, the sub-leases are classified as a finance lease or as an
                  operating lease with reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head lease. If the head lease is
                  a short-term lease to which the Group applies the exemption described in note 2(g)(i), then the Group
                  classifies the sub-lease as an operating lease.

     (h)   Borrowing costs
           Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which
           are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are
           added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use
           or sale.

           All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

     (i)   Employee benefits
           (i)    Short term employee benefits and contributions to defined contribution retirement schemes
                  Salaries, annual bonuses, paid annual leave, contributions to defined contribution retirement schemes
                  and the cost of non-monetary benefits are charged to consolidated statement of profit or loss and
                  other comprehensive income in the year in which the associated services are rendered by employees.

           (ii)   Defined benefit plan obligations
                  The Group has severance payment (“SP”) and long severance payment (“LSP”) under the Hong Kong
                  Employment Ordinance. Certain employees of the Group are entitled to gratuity payments as stipulated
                  in the Group’s service contracts with the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.

                  The Group’s net obligation in respect of defined benefit plans is calculated for the plan by estimating
                  the amount of future benefit that employees have earned in the current and prior periods and
                  discounting that amount. For SP and LSP obligations, the estimated amount of future benefit is
                  determined after deducting the negative service cost arising from the accrued benefits derived from
                  the Group’s MPF contributions that have been vested with employees, which are deemed to be
                  contributions from the relevant employees.

                  The calculation of defined benefit obligation is performed by a qualified actuary using the projected unit
                  credit method.

                  Remeasurements arising from defined benefit plans, which comprise actuarial gains and losses, and
                  the effect of any asset ceiling (excluding interest), are recognised immediately in other comprehensive
                  income. Net interest expense for the period is determined by applying the discount rate used to
                  measure the defined benefit obligation at the beginning of the reporting period to the then net defined
                  benefit liability, taking into account any changes in the net defined benefit liability during the period. Net
                  interest expense and other expenses related to defined benefit plans are recognised in profit or loss.




60 Baguio Green Group Limited
   Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



2.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     (i)   Employee benefits (Continued)
           (iii)   Equity-settled share-based payments
                   The fair value of share options granted to employees is recognised as an employee cost with a
                   corresponding increase in share option reserve within equity. Details regarding the determination of the
                   fair value of equity-settled share-based transactions are set out in note 34. Where the employees have
                   to meet vesting conditions before becoming unconditionally entitled to the options, the total estimated
                   fair value of the options is spread over the vesting period, taking into account the probability that the
                   options will vest.

                   During the vesting period, the number of share options that is expected to vest is reviewed. Any
                   resulting adjustment to the cumulative fair value recognised in prior years is charged/credited to
                   the profit or loss for the year of the review, unless the original employee expenses qualified for
                   recognition as an asset, with a corresponding adjustment to the share option reserve. On vesting
                   date, the amount recognised as an expense is adjusted to reflect the actual number of options that
                   vest (with a corresponding adjustment to the share option reserve) except where forfeiture is only
                   due to not achieving vesting conditions that relate to the market price of the Company’s shares. The
                   equity amount is recognised in the share option reserve until either the option is exercised (when
                   it is transferred to the share premium) or the option expires (when it is released directly to retained
                   earnings).

     (j)   Cash and cash equivalents
           Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand, demand deposits with banks and other
           financial institutions, and short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known
           amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, having been within three
           months of maturity at acquisition. Cash and cash equivalents are assessed for ECL in accordance with the
           policy set out in note 2(n)(i).

     (k)   Taxation
           Income tax for the year comprises current tax and deferred tax. It is recognised in profit or loss except
           to the extent that it relates to a business combination, or items recognised directly in equity or in other
           comprehensive income.

           Current tax comprises the estimated tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year
           and any adjustments to the tax payable or receivable in respect of previous years. The amount of current tax
           payable or receivable is the best estimate of the tax amount expected to be paid or received that reflects any
           uncertainty related to income taxes. It is measured using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the
           reporting date. Current tax also includes any tax arising from dividends.

           Current tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain criteria are met.

           Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
           liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. Deferred tax is not
           recognised for:

           –       temporary differences on the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a
                   business combination and that affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss and does not give
                   rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences;

           –       temporary differences related to investment in subsidiaries, associates and joint venture to the extent
                   that the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is
                   probable that they will not reverse in the foreseeable future;

           –       taxable temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill; and

           –       those related to the income taxes arising from tax laws enacted or substantively enacted to implement
                   the Pillar Two model rules published by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development
                   (“OECD”).



                                                                                        Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                              Annual Report 2024     61
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)




2.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     (k)   Taxation (Continued)
           Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses, unused tax credits and deductible temporary
           differences to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which they
           can be used. Future taxable profits are determined based on the reversal of relevant taxable temporary
           differences. If the amount of taxable temporary differences is insufficient to recognise a deferred tax asset
           in full, then future taxable profits, adjusted for reversals of existing temporary differences, are considered,
           based on the business plans for individual subsidiaries in the Group. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at
           each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will
           be realised; such reductions are reversed when the probability of future taxable profits improves.

           The measurement of deferred tax reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in
           which the Group expects, at the reporting date, to reverse and settle the carrying amount of its assets and
           liabilities.

           Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain criteria are met.

     (l)   Investment property
           Investment properties are land and/or building which are owned or held under a leasehold interest (see
           note 2(g)) to earn rental income and/or for capital appreciation. These include land held for a currently
           undetermined future use and property that is being constructed or developed for future use as investment
           property.

           Investment properties are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (see note
           2(n)(iii)). Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of investment property held
           under a leasehold interest over its estimated useful life which is the lease term of 20 years.

           Useful lives and depreciation method are review and, if appropriate, adjusted at the end of each reporting
           period. Any gain or loss on retirement or disposal of an investment property is recognised in profit or loss on
           the date of retirement or disposal.

     (m) Property, plant and equipment
           Property, plant and equipment, including right-of-use assets arising from leases of underlying property, plant
           and equipment (see note 2(g)), are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost less
           accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses (see note 2(n)(iii)).

           The cost of self-constructed items of property, plant and equipment includes the cost of materials, direct
           labour, the initial estimate, where relevant, of the costs of dismantling and removing the items and restoring
           the site on which they are located, and an appropriate proportion of production overheads and borrowing
           costs (see note 2(h)).

           Items may be produced while bringing an item of property, plant and equipment to the location and
           condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management. The proceeds
           from selling any such items and the related costs are recognised in profit or loss.

           Gains or losses arising from the retirement or disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment are
           determined as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the item and
           are recognised in profit or loss on the date of retirement or disposal.




62 Baguio Green Group Limited
   Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



2.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     (m) Property, plant and equipment (Continued)
           Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of property, plant and
           equipment to its estimated residual value, if any, over its estimated useful life. The estimated useful lives for
           each class of property, plant and equipment are as follows:

           Land and buildings                                  Over the shorter of term of lease or 50 years
           Furniture and fixtures                              1 to 10 years
           Motor vehicles                                      7 to 10 years
           Equipment and machinery                             1 to 10 years
           Leasehold improvements                              Over the shorter of term of lease or 12 years

           Right-of-use assets are depreciated over the shorter period of the lease term and the useful life of the
           underlying asset. If a lease transfers ownership of the underlying asset or the cost of the right-of-use asset
           reflects that the Group expects to exercise a purchase option, the related right-of-use asset is depreciated
           over the useful life of the underlying asset.

           Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of that item is
           allocated on a reasonable basis among the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Residual values, if
           any, useful lives and the depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at least at the end of
           each reporting period.

     (n)   Credit losses and impairment of assets
           (i)   Credit losses from financial instruments and contract assets
                 The Group recognises a loss allowance for ECL on the following items:

                 －     financial assets measured at amortised cost (including cash and cash equivalents and trade and
                       other receivables); and

                 －     contract assets as defined in HKFRS 15 (see note 2(p)).

                 Financial assets measured at fair value are not subject to the ECL assessment.

                 Measurement of ECLs
                 ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the present
                 value of all expected cash shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the Group in
                 accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive).

                 The expected cash shortfalls of trade and other receivables and contract assets are discounted using
                 the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition or an approximation thereof where the effect
                 of discounting is material.

                 The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over which
                 the Group is exposed to credit risk.

                 In measuring ECLs, the Group takes into account reasonable and supportable information that is
                 available without undue cost or effort. This includes information about past events, current conditions
                 and forecasts of future economic conditions.

                 ECLs are measured on either of the following bases:

                 －     12-month ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from possible default events within
                       the 12 months after the reporting date; and

                 －     lifetime ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from all possible default events over
                       the expected lives of the items to which the ECL model applies.



                                                                                     Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                           Annual Report 2024        63
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



2.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     (n)   Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)
           (i)   Credit losses from financial instruments and contract assets (Continued)
                 Measurement of ECLs (Continued)
                 Loss allowances for trade receivables and contract assets are always measured at an amount equal
                 to lifetime ECLs. ECLs on these financial assets are estimated using a provision matrix based on the
                 Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors and an
                 assessment of both the current and forecast general economic conditions at the reporting date.

                 For all other financial instruments, the Group recognises a loss allowance equal to 12-month ECLs
                 unless there has been a significant increase in credit risk of the financial instrument since initial
                 recognition, in which case the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.

                 Significant increases in credit risk
                 In assessing whether the credit risk of a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial
                 recognition, the Group compares the risk of default occurring on the financial instrument assessed at
                 the reporting date with that assessed at the date of initial recognition. In making this reassessment, the
                 Group considers that a default event occurs when the borrower is unlikely to pay its credit obligations
                 to the Group in full, without recourse by the Group to actions such as realising security (if any is held).
                 The Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable,
                 including historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or
                 effort.

                 In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has
                 increased significantly since initial recognition:

                 －     failure to make payments of principal or interest on their contractually due dates;

                 －     an actual or expected significant deterioration in a financial instrument’s external or internal credit
                       rating (if available);

                 －     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor; and

                 －     existing or forecast changes in the technological, market, economic or legal environment that
                       have a significant adverse effect on the debtor’s ability to meet its obligation to the Group.

                 Depending on the nature of the financial instruments, the assessment of a significant increase in credit
                 risk is performed on either an individual basis or a collective basis. When the assessment is performed
                 on a collective basis, the financial instruments are grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics,
                 such as past due status and credit risk ratings.

                 ECLs are remeasured at each reporting date to reflect changes in the financial instrument’s credit risk
                 since initial recognition. Any change in the ECL amount is recognised as an impairment gain or loss
                 in profit or loss. The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss for all financial instruments with a
                 corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account.




64 Baguio Green Group Limited
   Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



2.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     (n)   Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)
           (i)    Credit losses from financial instruments and contract assets (Continued)
                  Basis of calculation of interest income
                  Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the
                  financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on the amortised
                  cost (i.e. the gross carrying amount less loss allowance) of the financial asset.

                  At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether a financial asset is credit-impaired. A financial
                  asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated
                  future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred.

                  Evidence that a financial asset is credit impaired includes the following observable events:

                  －     significant financial difficulties of the debtor;

                  －     a breach of contract, such as a default or delinquency in interest or principal payments;

                  －     it becoming probable that the borrower will enter into bankruptcy or other financial
                        reorganisation;

                  －     significant changes in the technological, market, economic or legal environment that have an
                        adverse effect on the debtor; or

                  －     the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of the financial difficulties
                        of the issuer.

                  Write-off policy
                  The gross carrying amount of a financial asset or contract asset is written off (either partially or in full)
                  to the extent that there is no realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case when the Group
                  determines that the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient
                  cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the write-off.

                  Subsequent recoveries of an asset that was previously written off are recognised as a reversal of
                  impairment in profit or loss in the period in which the recovery occurs.

           (ii)   Credit losses from financial guarantees issued
                  Financial guarantees are contracts that require the issuer (i.e. the guarantor) to make specified
                  payments to reimburse the beneficiary of the guarantee (the “holder”) for a loss the holder incurs
                  because a specified debtor fails to make payment when due in accordance with the terms of a debt
                  instrument.

                  Financial guarantees issued are initially recognised within accruals, deposits received and other
                  payables at fair value, which is determined by reference to fees charged in an arm’s length transaction
                  for similar services, when such information is obtainable, or to interest rate differentials, by comparing
                  the actual rates charged by lenders when the guarantee is made available with the estimated rates
                  that lenders would have charged, had the guarantees not been available, where reliable estimates of
                  such information can be made. Where consideration is received or receivable for the issuance of the
                  guarantee, the consideration is recognised in accordance with the Group’s policies applicable to that
                  category of asset. Where no such consideration is received or receivable, an immediate expense is
                  recognised in profit or loss.

                  Subsequent to initial recognition, the amount initially recognised as deferred income is amortised in
                  profit or loss over the term of the guarantee as income from financial guarantees issued.




                                                                                       Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                             Annual Report 2024         65
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



2.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     (n)   Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)
           (ii)    Credit losses from financial guarantees issued (Continued)
                   The Group monitors the risk that the specified debtor will default on the contract and recognises a
                   provision when ECLs on the financial guarantees are determined to be higher than the amount carried
                   in accruals, deposits received and other payables in respect of the guarantees (i.e. the amount initially
                   recognised, less accumulated amortisation).

                   To determine ECLs, the Group considers changes in the risk of default of the specified debtor since
                   the issuance of the guarantee. A 12-month ECL is measured unless the risk that the specified debtor
                   will default has increased significantly since the guarantee is issued, in which case a lifetime ECL is
                   measured. The same definition of default and the same assessment of significant increase in credit risk
                   as described in note 2(n)(i) apply.

                   As the Group is required to make payments only in the event of a default by the specified debtor in
                   accordance with the terms of the instrument that is guaranteed, an ECL is estimated based on the
                   expected payments to reimburse the holder for a credit loss that it incurs less any amount that the
                   Group expects to receive from the holder of the guarantee, the specified debtor or any other party. The
                   amount is then discounted using the current risk-free rate adjusted for risks specific to the cash flows.

           (iii)   Impairment of other non-current assets
                   At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of the following assets to
                   determine whether there is any indication of impairment:

                   －    property, plant and equipment, including right-of-use assets;

                   －    interest in an associate (see note 2(e)); and

                   －    investments in subsidiaries in the Company’s statement of financial position.

                   If any such indication exists, then the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated.

                   For impairment testing, assets are grouped together into the smallest Group of assets that generates
                   cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets
                   or cash-generating units (“CGU”s). The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is the greater of its
                   value in use and its fair value less costs of disposal. Value in use is based on the estimated future
                   cash flows, discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market
                   assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset or CGU.

                   An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable
                   amount.

                   Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. They are allocated to reduce the carrying amounts
                   of the other assets in the CGU on a pro rata basis. An impairment loss is reversed only to the extent
                   that the resulting carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been
                   determined, net of depreciation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.

     (o)   Inventories
           Inventories are stated at lower of cost and net realisable value.

           Cost represents the invoiced cost of inventories and is calculated using the weighted average cost formula.
           Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less estimated costs
           necessary to make the sale.




66 Baguio Green Group Limited
   Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



2.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     (p)   Contract assets and contract liabilities
           A contract asset is recognised when the Group recognises revenue (see note 2(f)) before being
           unconditionally entitled to the consideration under the payment terms set out in the contract. Contract
           assets are assessed for ECL in accordance with the policy set out in note 2(n)(i) and are reclassified to
           receivables when the right to the consideration has become unconditional (see note 2(r)).

           A contract liability is recognised when the customer pays non-refundable consideration before the Group
           recognises the related revenue (see note 2(f)). A contract liability would also be recognised if the Group has
           an unconditional right to receive consideration before the Group recognises the related revenue. In such
           cases, a corresponding receivable would also be recognised (see note 2(r)).

           When the contract includes a significant financing component, the contract balance includes interest
           accrued under the effective interest method.

     (q)   Provisions, contingent liabilities and onerous contracts
           (i)   Provisions and contingent liabilities
                 Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of
                 a past event, it is probable that an outflow of economic benefit, will be required to settle the obligation
                 and a reliable estimate can be made.

                 The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the
                 present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties
                 surrounding the obligation. When a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the
                 present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows (where the effect of the
                 time value of money is material).

                 Provisions shall be reviewed at the end of each reporting period and adjusted to reflect the current
                 best estimate. If it is no longer probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will
                 be required to settle the obligation, the provision shall be reversed.

                 When some or all of the economic benefits required to settle a provision are expected to be recovered
                 from a third party, a receivable is recognised as an asset if it is virtually certain that reimbursement will
                 be received and the amount of the receivable can be measured reliably.

                 When it is probable that the costs of services to fulfill the obligations under the contracts will exceed
                 the total contract revenue, a provision for onerous contracts would be made. In estimating such
                 provision, management takes into account the costs to fulfill the obligations under the contracts and
                 any compensation or penalties arising from failure of fulfilling such obligations.

                 Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be
                 estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow
                 of economic benefits is remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the
                 occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more future events are also disclosed as contingent liabilities
                 unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.




                                                                                      Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                            Annual Report 2024         67
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



2.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     (q)   Provisions contingent liabilities and onerous contracts (Continued)
           (ii)   Onerous contracts
                  A provision for onerous contracts is measured at the present value of the lower of the expected
                  cost of terminating the contract and the expected net cost of continuing with the contract, which
                  is determined based on the incremental costs of fulfilling the obligation under that contract and an
                  allocation of other costs directly related to fulfilling that contract. Before a provision is established, the
                  Group recognises any impairment loss on the assets associated with that contract.

     (r)   Financial instruments
           Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position
           when a Group entity becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instruments. Financial assets and
           financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the
           acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets and financial liabilities
           at fair value through profit or loss) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or
           financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition.

           Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value
           through profit or loss are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

           Financial assets
           All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame
           established by regulation or convention in the marketplace are recognised and derecognised on a trade date
           basis.

           Investments in life insurance
           Non-equity investments held by the Group are classified into one of the following measurement categories:

           －      amortised cost, if the investment is held for the collection of contractual cash flows which represent
                  solely payments of principal and interest. Interest income from the investment is calculated using the
                  effective interest method;

           －      Fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”), if the contractual cash flows of the
                  investment comprise solely payments of principal and interest and the investment is held within a
                  business model whose objective is achieved by both the collection of contractual cash flows and
                  sale. Changes in fair value are recognised in other comprehensive income, except for the recognition
                  in profit or loss of expected credit losses, interest income (calculated using the effective interest
                  method) and foreign exchange gains and losses. When the investment is derecognised, the amount
                  accumulated in other comprehensive income is recycled from equity to profit or loss; or

           －      Fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”), if the investment does not meet the criteria for being
                  measured at amortised cost or FVOCI. Changes in the fair value of the investment (including interest)
                  are recognised in profit or loss.

           Trade and other receivables
           A receivable is recognised when the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration and only the
           passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.

           Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component are initially measured at their
           transaction price. Trade receivables that contain a significant financing component and other receivables are
           initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs. All receivables are subsequently stated at amortised
           cost.




68 Baguio Green Group Limited
   Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



2.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     (r)   Financial instruments (Continued)
           Financial liabilities and equity instruments
           Debt and equity instruments issued by the Group are classified according to the substance of the
           contractual arrangements entered into and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.

           Equity instruments
           An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after
           deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Group are recognised at the proceeds
           received, net of direct issue costs.

           Trade and other payables
           Trade and other payables are initially measured at fair value less any directly attributable transaction costs.
           Except for financial guarantee liabilities measured in accordance with note 2(n)(ii), subsequent to initial
           recognition, trade and other payables are measured at amortised cost unless the effect of discounting would
           be immaterial, in which case they are stated at invoice amounts.

           Interest-bearing borrowings
           Interest-bearing borrowings are measured initially at fair value less transaction costs. Subsequent to initial
           recognition, interest-bearing borrowings are stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method.
           Interest expense is recognised in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy for borrowing costs (see
           note 2(h)).

     (s)   Biological assets
           Biological assets are stated at fair value less costs to sell, with any resultant gain or loss recognised in profit
           or loss. Costs to sell are the incremental costs directly attributable to the disposal of an asset, excluding
           finance costs and income taxes.

     (t)   Translation of foreign currencies
           Foreign currency transactions during the year are translated at the foreign exchange rates ruling at the
           transaction dates. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the
           foreign exchange rates ruling at the end of the reporting period. Exchange gains and losses are recognised
           in profit or loss.

           Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are
           translated using the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction dates. The transaction date is the
           date on which the Group initially recognises such non-monetary assets or liabilities. Non-monetary assets
           and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are stated at fair value are translated using the foreign
           exchange rates ruling at the dates the fair value was measured.

           The results of foreign operations are translated into Hong Kong dollars at the exchange rates approximating
           the foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates of the transactions. Statement of financial position items are
           translated into Hong Kong dollars at the closing foreign exchange rates at the end of the reporting period.
           The resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated
           separately in equity in the translation reserve.

           On disposal of a foreign operation, the cumulative amount of the exchange differences relating to that foreign
           operation is reclassified from equity to profit or loss when the profit or loss on disposal is recognised.




                                                                                      Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                            Annual Report 2024         69
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



2.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     (u)   Segment reporting
           Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the financial statements, are
           identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Group’s chief operating decision-maker
           for the purpose of allocating resources to, and assessing the performance of, the Group’s various lines of
           business and geographical locations.

           Individual material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless the
           segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of products and
           services, the nature of production processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used to distribute
           the products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments
           which are not individually material may be aggregated if they share a majority of these criteria.

     (v)   Related parties
           (i)    A person, or close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person:

                  (1)   has control or joint control over the Group;

                  (2)   has significant influence over the Group; or

                  (3)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group’s parent.

           (ii)   An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:

                  (1)   the entity and the Group are members of the same Group (which means that each parent,
                        subsidiary and follow subsidiary is related to the others).

                  (2)   one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a
                        member of a Group of which the other entity is a member).

                  (3)   both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.

                  (4)   one entity is a joint venture of a third party and the other entity is an associate of the third entity.

                  (5)   the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or
                        an entity related to the Group.

                  (6)   the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (i).

                  (7)   a person identified in (i)(1) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                        management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).

                  (8)   the entity, or any member of a Group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel
                        services to the Group or to the Group’s parent.

           Close family members of an individual are those family members who may be expected to influence, or
           influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.




70 Baguio Green Group Limited
   Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



3.   ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
     Notes 34 and 36 contain information about the assumptions and their risk factors relating to share options granted
     and fair value of financial instruments. Other key sources of estimation uncertainty are as follows:

     (a)   Useful lives of property, plant and equipment
           Management determines the estimated useful lives and related depreciation expenses for the Group’s
           property, plant and equipment. This estimate is based on the historical experience of the useful lives of the
           property, plant and equipment of similar nature and functions. It could change significantly as a result of
           technical innovations. Management will revise the depreciation expenses where useful lives are different to
           previously estimated, or it will write off or write down technically obsolete or non-strategic assets that have
           been abandoned.

     (b)   Estimation of defined benefit plan obligations
           The value of defined benefit plan obligations depends on a number of factors that are determined on an
           actuarial basis using certain assumptions. Any changes in these assumptions will impact the carrying
           amount of defined benefit plan obligations. Details of key assumptions and impact of possible changes in
           key assumptions are disclosed in note 37.

4.   SEGMENT INFORMATION
     Information reported to the executive directors, being the chief operating decision maker, for the purposes of
     resource allocation and assessment of segment performance focuses on types of services provided. The Group
     has identified four reportable segments. No operating segments have been aggregated to form the following
     reportable segments:

     －     Cleaning services business

     －     Waste management and recycling business

     －     Landscaping services business

     －     Pest management business

     Information regarding the Group’s reportable segments is presented below.




                                                                                   Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                         Annual Report 2024        71
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



4.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     Segment revenue and results
     Segment results represent the earnings from each segment before interest, taxation, selling and marketing
     expenses and administrative expenses including directors’ emoluments and exclude other income, gains and
     losses and change in fair value less costs to sell of biological assets. The following is an analysis of the Group’s
     revenue and results by reportable segments.

                                                                 Waste
                                             Cleaning     management       Landscaping            Pest
                                             services     and recycling        services    management
                                             business         business        business        business           Total
                                             HK$’000           HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000          HK$’000
     For the year ended
       31 December 2024

     Disaggregated by timing of revenue
        recognition
        – over time                          2,086,742         282,924          160,240          70,289       2,600,195
        – point in time                              –           2,892                –               –           2,892
     Revenue from external customers         2,086,742         285,816          160,240          70,289       2,603,087
     Inter-segment revenue                         617           2,628              428             813           4,486
     Reportable segment revenue              2,087,359         288,444          160,668          71,102       2,607,573
     Segment results                          126,662            33,479          24,899           3,325        188,365
     Other income, gains and losses                                                                               9,583
     Selling and marketing expenses                                                                              (2,228)
     Administrative expenses                                                                                   (119,323)
     Finance costs                                                                                              (10,571)
     Profit before taxation                                                                                     65,826

                                                                  Waste
                                              Cleaning     management       Landscaping            Pest
                                               services    and recycling        services    management
                                              business         business        business        business           Total
                                              HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000
     For the year ended
       31 December 2023

     Disaggregated by timing of revenue
        recognition
        – over time                        1,827,343          276,983          130,645          90,610      2,325,581
        – point in time                            –            1,908                –               –          1,908
     Revenue from external customers       1,827,343          278,891          130,645          90,610      2,327,489
     Inter-segment revenue                       495              887              169             712          2,263
     Reportable segment revenue            1,827,838          279,778          130,814          91,322      2,329,752
     Segment results                         161,691            21,165          19,050           4,216        206,122
     Other income, gains and losses                                                                              4,468
     Change in fair value less costs
        to sell of biological assets                                                                              (3,188)
     Selling and marketing expenses                                                                               (2,416)
     Administrative expenses                                                                                  (128,735)
     Finance costs                                                                                              (13,699)
     Profit before taxation                                                                                     62,552




72 Baguio Green Group Limited
   Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



4.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     Segment assets and liabilities
     Segment assets include all assets attributable to the activities of the individual segments, with the exception of
     intercompany receivables and other corporate assets. Segment liabilities include all liabilities attributable to the
     activities of the individual segments, with the exception of intercompany payables and corporate liabilities. The
     segment assets and liabilities at the end of the reporting period by reportable segments are as follows:

                                                                 Waste
                                             Cleaning     management       Landscaping            Pest
                                             services     and recycling        services    management
                                             business         business        business        business            Total
                                             HK$’000           HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000           HK$’000
     As at 31 December 2024

     Segment assets                            725,880         158,915           79,772          34,001         998,568
     Unallocated                                                                                                 12,986
     Total assets                                                                                             1,011,554

     Segment liabilities                       434,234           87,527          37,587          34,541         593,889
     Unallocated                                                                                                  3,983
     Total liabilities                                                                                          597,872


                                                                  Waste
                                              Cleaning     management       Landscaping            Pest
                                               services    and recycling        services    management
                                              business         business        business        business            Total
                                              HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000
     As at 31 December 2023

     Segment assets                            726,168         168,860           60,471          42,966         998,465
     Unallocated                                                                                                 12,928
     Total assets                                                                                             1,011,393

     Segment liabilities                       487,039           86,851          29,891          35,411         639,192
     Unallocated                                                                                                  2,500
     Total liabilities                                                                                          641,692




                                                                                   Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                         Annual Report 2024        73
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



4.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     Other segment information

                                                              Waste
                                                        management
                                            Cleaning            and     Landscaping         Pest
                                            services       recycling        services management
                                            business       business        business     business        Unallocated        Total
                                            HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000            HK$’000       HK$’000
     For the year ended
        31 December 2024
     Depreciation                             59,388          20,664           3,783          2,503             816        87,154
     Additions to non-current assets          26,236          20,024           4,727            320           1,481        52,788
     (Gain)/loss on disposal of property,
        plant and equipment                     (270)          1,150               5           (171)              8          722


                                                               Waste
                                                         management
                                            Cleaning             and     Landscaping           Pest
                                             services       recycling        services   management
                                            business        business        business       business      Unallocated        Total
                                            HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000
     For the year ended
        31 December 2023
     Depreciation                             43,369          35,761           2,529          2,880             853        85,392
     Additions to non-current assets          42,897           5,051           3,333          1,009             163        52,453
     (Gain)/loss on disposal of property,
        plant and equipment                      (26)          2,531             178           (153)              2         2,532


     Geographical information
     The following sets out information about the geographical region of the Group’s revenue from external customers,
     which is based on the location to which the services and goods are delivered.

                                                                                                         2024              2023
                                                                                                      HK$’000           HK$’000
     Hong Kong                                                                                    2,601,342            2,326,935
     Mainland China                                                                                       –                  554
     Southeast Asia                                                                                   1,745                    –
                                                                                                  2,603,087            2,327,489


     All of the Group’s non-current assets are either based in Hong Kong or related to the Group’s operations in Hong
     Kong as at 31 December 2024 and 2023.




74 Baguio Green Group Limited
   Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



4.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     Information about major customers
     For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group’s revenue of HK$1,608,884,000 (2023: HK$1,282,582,000)
     for various segments was derived from two customers (2023: one customer) each of whom has individually
     accounted for over 10% of the Group’s total revenue, which are/is disclosed as follows:

                                                                                                    2024             2023
                                                                                                 HK$’000          HK$’000
     Customer A                                                                                  1,307,145       1,282,582
     Customer B (Note)                                                                             301,739             N/A


     Note: The revenue from customer B for the year ended 31 December 2023 was less than 10% of the Group’s revenue.

5.   REVENUE
     (a)   Disaggregation of revenue
           The principal activity of the Group is provision of environmental and related services and goods.
           Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by major service lines is as follows:

                                                                                                    2024             2023
                                                                                                 HK$’000          HK$’000

           Cleaning services business                                                            2,086,742       1,827,343
           Waste management and recycling business                                                 282,924         276,983
           Landscaping services business                                                           160,240         130,645
           Pest management business                                                                 70,289          90,610
           Sales of recycling materials                                                              2,892           1,908
                                                                                                 2,603,087       2,327,489


           Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by the timing of revenue recognition and
           geographic information of revenue is disclosed in note 4.

     (b)   Revenue expected to be recognised in the future arising from contracts with customers in existence
           at the reporting date
           The aggregated amounts of transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations under the
           Group’s existing contracts are as follows:

                                                                         Waste
                                                                   management
                                                       Cleaning             and                           Pest
                                                       services       recycling   Landscaping      management
                                                       business        services       services        services       Total
                                                       HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000
           As at 31 December 2024
           Expected to be recognised within one year   1,884,507        218,651       137,460           47,996     2,288,614
           Expected to be recognised after one year    1,266,220        217,392       114,886              358     1,598,856
                                                       3,150,727        436,043       252,346           48,354     3,887,470




                                                                                      Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                            Annual Report 2024         75
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



5.   REVENUE (Continued)
     (b)     Revenue expected to be recognised in the future arising from contracts with customers in existence
             at the reporting date (Continued)

                                                                              Waste
                                                                        management
                                                            Cleaning            and                              Pest
                                                             services      recycling     Landscaping     management
                                                            business        services         services        services          Total
                                                            HK$’000        HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000
             As at 31 December 2023
             Expected to be recognised within one year     1,873,674        183,168          109,644          71,513       2,237,999
             Expected to be recognised after one year      1,764,190        315,820           65,945          46,929       2,192,884
                                                           3,637,864        498,988          175,589         118,442       4,430,883

             The amounts represent revenue expected to be recognised in the future from the Group’s service contracts
             for the respective services. The Group will recognise the expected revenue in future when services are
             rendered, which is expected to occur over the next 12 to 58 months (2023: next 12 to 58 months).

6.   OTHER INCOME, GAINS AND LOSSES
                                                                                                           2024              2023
                                                                                                        HK$’000           HK$’000
     Change in fair value of investments in life insurance                                                  138                 171
     Loss on disposal of property, plants and equipment                                                    (722)             (2,532)
     Gain of lease modification                                                                               –                 283
     Gain on disposal of right-of-use assets                                                              2,491                   –
     Government grants*                                                                                   1,545               1,755
     Income relating to right-of-use assets                                                               3,686               3,685
     Interest income                                                                                      1,878                 494
     Others                                                                                                 567                 612
     Total                                                                                                9,583               4,468

     *       During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group recognised the government grants as follows:

             (i)     Recycling Fund of the Government, which aims to support the sustainable development of the recycling industry, of
                     HK$554,000 (2023: HK$107,000);


             (ii)    subsidies for phasing out certain diesel commercial vehicles by the Group of HK$530,000 (2023: HK$801,000);


             (iii)   Urban Forestry Support Fund of Development Bureau of the Government of HK$241,000 (2023: HK$175,000);


             (iv)    subsidies from the Green Employment Scheme of the Environment and Ecology Bureau of HK$62,000 (2023:
                     HK$571,000); and


             (v)     other subsidies of HK$158,000 (2023: HK$101,000)


             There were neither unfulfilled conditions nor other contingencies attached to the receipt of those grants. There is no
             assurance that the Group will continue to receive such grant in the future.




76 Baguio Green Group Limited
   Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



7.   FINANCE COSTS

                                                                                         2024             2023
                                                                                      HK$’000          HK$’000
     Interest on:
        Bank borrowings and overdrafts                                                   8,765             11,391
        Lease liabilities                                                                1,734              1,894
        Others                                                                              72                414
                                                                                        10,571             13,699


8.   PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION
     Profit before taxation has been arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                         2024             2023
                                                                                      HK$’000          HK$’000
     Auditors’ remuneration:
       Audit services                                                                    1,680              1,900
       Other services                                                                        –                162
     Cost of consumable goods                                                           69,638             64,219
     Depreciation:
       Owned property, plant and equipment                                              74,431             71,814
       Right-of-use assets                                                              12,723             13,578
     Recognition/(reversal) of credit losses on trade receivables                          683                 (53)
     Credit loss on other receivables                                                      198              4,118

     Staff costs (including directors’ remuneration):
       Wages, salaries and other benefits                                           1,945,564         1,727,611
       Defined benefit plan obligation                                                105,956            54,953
       Provision for untaken paid leave                                                19,536            21,697
       Contributions to defined contribution retirement scheme                         55,756            52,191
                                                                                    2,126,812         1,856,452

     Short-term lease payments not included in the measurement of lease
       liabilities:
       Machinery and motor vehicles                                                     66,186             58,229
       Land and buildings                                                                3,610              3,855
                                                                                        69,796             62,084




                                                                              Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                    Annual Report 2024       77
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



9.   INCOME TAX
     (a)   Income tax charged to profit or loss represents:

                                                                                               2024               2023
                                                                                            HK$’000            HK$’000
           Current tax – Hong Kong Profits Tax
             Provision for the year                                                           14,330             15,678
             Under-provision in respect of prior years                                            74                309
                                                                                              14,404             15,987

           Current tax – People’s Republic of China (“PRC”)
             Enterprise Income Tax
             Provision for the year                                                                 –                  8
             Over-provision in respect of prior years                                              (4)                 –
                                                                                              14,400             15,995
           Deferred tax
             Origination and reversal of temporary differences (note 31)                       (5,033)           (1,571)
                                                                                               9,367             14,424


           The provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax for 2024 is calculated at 16.5% (2023: 16.5%) of the estimated
           assessable profits for the year, except for one subsidiary of the Group which is a qualifying corporation
           under the two-tiered Profits Tax rate regime. For this subsidiary, the first HK$2 million of assessable profits
           are taxed at 8.25% and the remaining assessable profits are taxed at 16.5%. The provision for Hong Kong
           Profits Tax for this subsidiary was calculated at the same basis in 2023.

           The provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax for 2024 has also taken into account a reduction granted by the
           Hong Kong SAR Government for the year of assessment 2023/24. The Group is eligible for the maximum
           reduction of HK$3,000 (2023: a maximum reduction of HK$6,000 was granted for the year of assessment
           2022/23 and was taken into account in calculating the provision for 2023) for each Hong Kong subsidiaries
           within the Group.

           Taxation for subsidiaries outside Hong Kong is charged at the appropriate current rates of taxation ruling in
           the relevant jurisdictions.

     (b)   Reconciliation between tax expense and accounting profit at applicable tax rates:

                                                                                               2024               2023
                                                                                            HK$’000            HK$’000
           Profit before taxation                                                             65,826             62,552
           Notional tax on profit before taxation, calculated at the rates
              applicable to profits in the tax jurisdictions concerned                        10,666             10,095
           Tax effect of non-taxable income                                                     (717)                 (77)
           Tax effect of non-deductible expenses                                               1,714               3,621
           Utilisation of the loss not recognised                                             (2,657)                   –
           Tax effect of tax losses not recognised                                             2,131               1,532
           Under-provision in respect of prior years in Hong Kong                                 74                 309
           Over-provision in respect of prior years in PRC                                        (4)                   –
           Others                                                                             (1,840)             (1,056)
           Income tax expense                                                                  9,367             14,424




78 Baguio Green Group Limited
   Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



10. DIVIDENDS
     (a)   Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the year

                                                                                               2024               2023
                                                                                            HK$’000            HK$’000
           Final dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period of
              3.8 cents (2023: HK3.4 cents) per ordinary share                                15,770             14,110


           The final dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period has not been recognised as a liability at the
           end of the reporting period.

     (b)   Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the previous financial year,
           approved and paid during the year

                                                                                               2024               2023
                                                                                            HK$’000            HK$’000
           Final dividend in respect of the previous financial year,
              was approved and paid during the year, of HK3.4 cents
              (2023: HK3.8 cents) per ordinary share                                          14,110             15,770


11. EARNINGS PER SHARE
     (a)   Basic earnings per share
           The calculation of the basic earnings per share for the year ended 31 December 2024 is based on the
           profit for the year attributable to ordinary equity shareholders of the Company of HK$53,856,000 (2023:
           HK$47,111,000) and the weighted average number of 415,000,000 (2023: 415,000,000) ordinary shares in
           issue during the year.

     (b)   Diluted earnings per share
           Diluted earnings per share for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023 are the same as the basic
           earnings per share as there were no potential dilutive ordinary shares in existence during the years
           presented.




                                                                                   Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                         Annual Report 2024        79
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



12. DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS
     Directors’ emoluments
     Directors’ emoluments disclosed with reference to section 383(1) of the CO and Part 2 of the Companies
     (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation are as follows:

                                                                              Salaries,
                                                                           allowances                         Retirement
                                                             Directors’      and other     Discretionary         scheme
                                                                  fees         benefits           bonus     contributions      Total
                                                              HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000     HK$’000
     For the year ended
        31 December 2024

     Executive Directors:
     Mr. Ng Wing Hong                                                –           2,483               680                –      3,163
     Ms. Ng Yuk Kwan Phyllis                                       180           2,499             1,150              313      4,142
     Ms. Leung Shuk Ping                                           180           1,514               680               18      2,392

     Independent Non-executive Directors:
     Mr. Sin Ho Chiu                                               234                –                –                –        234
     Mr. Lau Chi Yin Thomas                                        234                –                –                –        234
     Professor Cheng Edwin Tai Chiu                                234                –                –                –        234
                                                                 1,062           6,496             2,510              331     10,399

                                                                               Salaries,
                                                                            allowances                         Retirement
                                                              Directors’     and other      Discretionary         scheme
                                                                    fees        benefits           bonus     contributions      Total
                                                              HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000
     For the year ended
        31 December 2023

     Executive Directors:
     Mr. Ng Wing Hong                                                –           2,411               600                –      3,011
     Ms. Ng Yuk Kwan Phyllis                                       180           2,439             1,000              264      3,883
     Mr. Ng Wing Chuen (resigned with
        effect from 31 May 2023)                                     –             662                 –                –        662
     Ms. Leung Shuk Ping                                           180           1,467               600               18      2,265
     Ms. Cheung Siu Chun (resigned with effect from
        1 May 2023)                                                  60            559                 –              112        731

     Independent Non-executive Directors:
     Mr. Sin Ho Chiu                                               222                –                –                –        222
     Dr. Law Ka Hung (resigned with
         effect from 31 May 2023)                                   78                –                –                –         78
     Mr. Lau Chi Yin Thomas                                        222                –                –                –        222
     Professor Cheng Edwin Tai Chiu (appointed with effect
         from 31 May 2023)                                         145                –                –                –        145
                                                                 1,087           7,538             2,200              394     11,219




80 Baguio Green Group Limited
   Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



12. DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS (Continued)
     Five highest paid individuals
     The five highest paid individuals in the Group during the year included three directors (2023: three) whose
     emoluments are disclosed above. The emoluments of the remaining two (2023: two) individuals are as follows:

                                                                                             2024               2023
                                                                                          HK$’000            HK$’000
     Wages, salaries and other benefit                                                        4,193             4,343
     Contributions to defined contribution retirement scheme                                     36                39
                                                                                              4,229             4,382


     The emoluments were within the following band:

                                                                                         Number of individuals
                                                                                            2024              2023
     HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000                                                                 1                  –
     HK$2,000,001 to HK$2,500,000                                                                 1                  2


     During the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors or
     the five highest paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of
     office. There was no arrangement under which a director waived or agreed to waive any emoluments during the
     years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023.




                                                                                  Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                        Annual Report 2024       81
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



13. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                            Land    Furniture    Equipment
                                              and         and          and       Motor    Leasehold Construction
                                        buildings    fixtures    machinery     vehicles improvements in progress       Total
                                         HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000
     Cost
     As at 1 January 2023                 81,688      40,458         50,331    279,989        7,018        12,056    471,540
     Additions                                 –       3,784          6,941      30,986       1,565             –      43,276
     Disposals                                 –        (179)       (10,144)    (14,246)       (656)            –     (25,225)
     Exchange adjustments                      –           (6)            –           (7)         –             –          (13)
     Transfer                                  –            –         9,149            –      2,907       (12,056)           –
     As at 31 December 2023 and
       1 January 2024                     81,688      44,057        56,277     296,722       10,834             –    489,578
     Additions                                 –       3,349          4,589     21,987          410             –     30,335
     Disposals                                 –        (490)       (14,094)   (12,500)      (6,549)            –    (33,633)
     Exchange adjustments                      –          (7)             –         (8)           –             –        (15)
     As at 31 December 2024               81,688      46,909        46,772     306,201        4,695             –    486,265
     Accumulated depreciation and
       impairment losses
     As at 1 January 2023                 16,614      30,102        35,074     107,339        4,435             –    193,564
     Charge for the year                   2,662       5,246        17,509       42,483       3,914             –      71,814
     Written back on disposals                 –        (148)        (6,049)    (14,059)       (212)            –     (20,468)
     Exchange adjustments                      –           (6)            –           (3)         –             –           (9)
     As at 31 December 2023 and
       1 January 2024                     19,276      35,194        46,534     135,760        8,137             –    244,901
     Charge for the year                   2,662       4,933          6,678     58,835        1,323             –     74,431
     Written back on disposals                 –        (476)       (13,866)   (12,124)      (5,164)            –    (31,630)
     Exchange adjustments                      –          (7)             –         (5)           –             –        (12)
     As at 31 December 2024               21,938      39,644        39,346     182,466        4,296             –    287,690
     Net book value
       As at 31 December 2024             59,750       7,265         7,426     123,735          399             –    198,575

     As at 31 December 2023               62,412       8,863         9,743     160,962        2,697             –    244,677


     The land and buildings are situated on land in Hong Kong held under medium term leases.

     As at 31 December 2024, the land and buildings with carrying amount of HK$59,750,000 (2023: HK$62,412,000)
     were mortgaged for banking facilities granted to the Group.




82 Baguio Green Group Limited
   Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



14. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

                                                                         Leasehold           Properties
                                                                        investment           leased for
                                                                         properties            own use                Total
                                                                           HK$’000             HK$’000              HK$’000
     As at 1 January 2023                                                   18,309               22,235              40,544
     Additions                                                                    –                8,881               8,881
     Lease modification                                                         969               (4,176)             (3,207)
     Depreciation charge for the year                                        (1,211)            (12,367)            (13,578)

     As at 31 December 2023 and
       1 January 2024                                                       18,067               14,573              32,640

     Additions                                                                    –              17,806              17,806
     Lease modification                                                           –              (3,955)             (3,955)
     Depreciation charge for the year                                        (1,211)            (11,512)            (12,723)

     As at 31 December 2024                                                 16,856               16,912              33,768


     The analysis of income and expense items in relation to leases charged/(credited) to profit or loss is as follows:

                                                                                                  2024             2023
                                                                                               HK$’000          HK$’000
     Income relating to right-of-use assets                                                      (3,686)              (3,685)
     Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                                                  12,723              13,578
     Interest on lease liabilities (note 7)                                                       1,734                1,894
     Short-term lease payments not included in the measurement of
        lease liabilities                                                                        69,796              62,084




                                                                                       Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                             Annual Report 2024        83
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



14. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (Continued)
     Details of total cash outflow for leases, the maturity analysis of lease liabilities and the future cash outflows arising
     from leases not recognised as lease liabilities at the end of the reporting period are set out in notes 24(b), 29 and
     38 respectively.

     (a)   Leasehold investment properties
           The Group obtained the right to use a leasehold land from a government authority in Hong Kong through
           tenancy agreement with a term of 20 years. The leasehold land could only be used for the construction and
           operation of a plant (the “Plant”) for the recovery, recycling and reprocessing of waste plastic.

           During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group entered into a subcontracting agreement with its
           associate, New Life Plastics Limited (“NLP”), pursuant to which, NLP was given the exclusive right to use the
           above leasehold land for the construction and operation of the Plant during the lease term of the land, and a
           monthly fee will be paid to the Group by NLP.

           Accordingly, the leasehold land has been accounted for as investment property since the date when the
           subcontracting agreement was entered into.

           The fair value of the leasehold land as at 31 December 2024 and 2023 approximates its carrying value.

           The undiscounted future payments receivable from NLP under the above-mentioned subcontracting
           agreement is as follows:


                                                                                                  2024               2023
                                                                                               HK$’000            HK$’000
           Within one year                                                                        4,330              4,330
           After one year but within five years                                                  17,319             17,319
           After five years                                                                      38,582             42,891

           Total                                                                                 60,231             64,540


     (b)   Other properties leased for own use
           The Group has obtained the right to use other properties as its offices, warehouses and nurseries through
           tenancy agreements. The leases typically run for an initial period of 2 to 5 years (2023: 2 to 5 years).




84 Baguio Green Group Limited
   Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



15. INTEREST IN AN ASSOCIATE
     Details of the Group’s interest in an associate, is as follows:

                                                                            Proportion of ownership interest
                      Form of        Place of          Particulars of   Group’s        Held by
      Name of         business       incorporation/       issued and    effective          the          Held by
      the associate   structure      operation        paid up capital    interest     Company       a subsidiary   Principal activity

      NLP             Incorporated   Hong Kong        HK$30,000,000      33.33%               –          33.33%    Provision of plastic recycling
                                                                                                                      services (Note)

     Note: NLP is engaged in the business of constructing and operating the Plant at Lot T6 of EcoPark for the recovery, recycling
            and reprocessing (including, without limitation, by way of washing, crushing, grinding and flake production) of (a)
            polyethylene terephthalate (“PET”) and high density polyethylene (“HDPE”) waste bottles; and (b) other PET and HDPE
            waste plastic which is from time to time capable of being recovered, recycled or reprocessed by the Plant (the “Specified
            Waste Plastics”) in Hong Kong.

     The interest in NLP is accounted for using the equity method in accordance with the accounting policy set out in
     note 2(e).




                                                                                                  Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024               85
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



15. INTEREST IN AN ASSOCIATE (Continued)
     Summarised financial information of NLP and a reconciliation to the carrying amount in the consolidated financial
     statements are disclosed below:

                                                                                                  2024               2023
                                                                                               HK$’000            HK$’000
     Gross amounts of NLP’s
     Current assets                                                                              10,444             13,530
     Non-current assets                                                                               –            237,888
     Current liabilities                                                                         (2,962)             (8,957)
     Non-current liabilities                                                                   (431,693)          (386,702)

     Equity                                                                                    (424,211)          (144,241)

     Included in the above assets and liabilities:
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                                     5,111              9,259
     Current financial liabilities (excluding trade and other
       payables and provisions)                                                                      (39)            (6,633)
     Non-current financial liabilities (excluding trade and other
       payables and provisions)                                                                (419,841)          (374,850)


     Revenue                                                                                     13,622               3,649
     Loss for the year                                                                         (279,970)            (56,480)
     Total comprehensive income                                                                (279,970)            (56,480)
     Group’s share of losses of an associate (Note)                                                   –                   –

     Included in the above loss:
     Interest expense                                                                            20,916             20,965

     Reconciled to the Group’s interest in NLP
     Gross amounts of NLP’s net liabilities                                                    (424,211)          (144,241)
     Group’s effective interest                                                                 33.33%             33.33%

     Group’s share of NLP’s net assets and carrying amount of the
       Group’s interest (Note)                                                                         –                   –


     Note: The Group has discontinued the recognition of its share of losses of an associate because the share of losses of an
           associate exceeded the Group’s interest in an associate and the Group has no obligation to take up further losses.
           The amounts of the Group’s unrecognised share of losses of an associate for the current year and cumulatively were
           HK$93,323,000 (2023: HK$18,827,000) and HK$141,404,000 (2023: HK$48,080,000) respectively.




86 Baguio Green Group Limited
   Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



16. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES
     As at 31 December 2024, details of the Company’s subsidiaries which principally affected the results, assets or
     liabilities of the Group set out below. The class of shares held is ordinary unless otherwise stated.

                                                                               Proportion of the Company’s
                                    Place of                Injected/              ownership interest
                                    incorporation/   issued and paid          2024                     2023            Principal
         Name of subsidiary         operation              up capital    Direct    Indirect       Direct    Indirect   activities
         Baguio Cleaning Services   Hong Kong         HK$10,000,000           –      100%             –       100%     Provision of
          Company Limited                                                                                                cleaning services

         Baguio Green Technology Hong Kong                HK$10,000           –      100%             –       100%     Development and exploration
          Limited                                                                                                       of green technology
                                                                                                                        products

         Baguio iRecycle Limited    Hong Kong             HK$10,000           –      100%             –       100%     Provision of recycling services

         Baguio Landscaping         Hong Kong          HK$2,000,000           –      100%             –       100%     Provision of landscaping
          Services                                                                                                       services
          Limited

         Baguio Pest Management Hong Kong                HK$200,000           –      100%             –       100%     Provision of pest management
          Limited                                                                                                        services

         Baguio rPapers Limited     Hong Kong             HK$10,000           –      100%             –       100%     Provision of paper recycling
                                                                                                                         services

         Baguio rPlastic Limited    Hong Kong             HK$10,000           –      100%             –       100%     Provision of source, collect and
                                                                                                                         sort waste plastics bottles

         Baguio Waste               Hong Kong             HK$10,000           –      100%             –       100%     Provision of waste
          Management &                                                                                                   management and recycling
          Recycling Limited                                                                                              services

         Batio Glass Recycling      Hong Kong          HK$1,000,000           –      100%             –       100%     Provision of glass recycling
          Limited                                                                                                        services

         Eco cleaning Limited       Hong Kong             HK$10,000           –      100%             –       100%     Provision of cleaning services

         Modern Automobile          Hong Kong             HK$10,000           –      100%             –       100%     Provision of automobile repair
          Company Limited                                                                                                services

         Organic Tech Limited       Hong Kong          HK$2,000,100           –       60%             –        60%     Provision of bioconversion of
                                                                                                                         organic waste services

         Tak Tai Enviroscape        Hong Kong         HK$33,000,000           –      100%             –       100%     Provision of plant nursing,
           Limited                                                                                                       landscaping and related
                                                                                                                         services

         碧瑤綠色科技（深圳）                 PRC               RMB2,490,829            –      100%             –       100%     Development and exploration
          有限公司#                                                                                                         of environmental and
                                                                                                                        recycling business


     #
               Registered as a wholly-foreign owned enterprise in PRC.




                                                                                                   Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024                   87
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



17. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                             2024               2023
                                                                                          HK$’000            HK$’000
     Financial assets at fair value through profit and loss
     Investments in life insurance                                                           15,181            15,043


     Investments in life insurance represent investments in life insurance policies for the key management, executed
     in Hong Kong. There are no fixed maturity and no quoted market price for such investments. The return of the
     investments will be based on the guarantee minimum return rate.

     The fair values are determined based on the surrender value of the life insurance policies at the end of each
     reporting period.

     During the year ended 31 December 2024, a fair value gain of HK$138,000 (2023: HK$171,000) was recognised
     and credited to profit or loss.

18. PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                             2024               2023
                                                                                          HK$’000            HK$’000
     Prepayments                                                                             22,444            16,021
     Deposits                                                                                 7,915             6,987
     Other receivables                                                                       22,623            23,940

                                                                                             52,982            46,948
     Less: Non-current prepayments                                                           (5,323)            (1,107)
           Non-current deposits                                                              (2,712)            (2,483)
           Non-current receivable from an associate                                         (20,156)          (20,798)

     Non-current portion                                                                    (28,191)          (24,388)

     Current portion                                                                         24,791            22,560


     Included in non-current portion of deposits as at 31 December 2024 are performance deposits of HK$1,088,000
     (2023: HK$901,000) and rental deposits of HK$1,624,000 (2023: HK$1,582,000), in respect of certain service
     contracts and rental contracts of the Group, which are recoverable at the end of the service contracts and rental
     contracts.

     Non-current receivable includes a receivable from an associate represents the right to receive payment from the
     associate in respect of the reinstatement costs relating to the leasehold land from the government authority at the
     end of the lease term of the leasehold land under the subcontracting agreement with the an associate.

     Included in other receivables as at 31 December 2024 is an amount due from an associate of HK$8,947,000
     (2023: HK$9,590,000) which is unsecured, interest free and expected to be recovered the majority portion after
     one year.

     All of the remaining current portion of prepayments, deposits and other receivables are expected to be recovered
     or recognised as expense within one year.




88 Baguio Green Group Limited
   Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



19. INVENTORIES

                                                                                          2024             2023
                                                                                       HK$’000          HK$’000
     Consumable goods                                                                     2,347             2,753


20. CONTRACT ASSETS

                                                                                          2024             2023
                                                                                       HK$’000          HK$’000
     Arising from performance under waste management and recycling contracts              4,472             4,214
     Arising from performance under landscaping contracts                                 3,293             4,520

                                                                                          7,765             8,734


     The service fees under waste management and recycling contracts are received after the processed recycling
     materials has been delivered to the designated locations specified in the contracts. The landscaping contracts
     include payment schedules which require stage payments over the service periods once milestones are reached.

     As at 31 December 2024, contract assets of HK$2,507,000 (2023: HK$2,112,000) are expected to be recovered
     after one year.




                                                                               Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                     Annual Report 2024      89
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



21. TRADE RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                 2024               2023
                                                                                              HK$’000            HK$’000

     Trade receivables, net of loss allowance                                                 554,451            599,616


     The ageing analysis of trade receivables, based on the invoice date (or date of revenue recognition, if earlier) and
     net of loss allowance at the end of the reporting period, is as follows:

                                                                                                 2024               2023
                                                                                              HK$’000            HK$’000

     Within 60 days                                                                           427,502            422,677
     Over 60 days but within 120 days                                                          85,520            132,978
     Over 120 days but within 365 days                                                         40,973             40,676
     Over 365 days                                                                                456              3,285
                                                                                              554,451            599,616


     In general, for the contracts with some quasi-government organisations and The Government of the Hong Kong
     Special Administrative Region, the Group has no specific credit terms in accordance with the tender terms.
     For other contracts, the Group normally allows a credit period ranging from 30 to 60 days depending on the
     customers’ creditworthiness and the length of business relationship.

     As at 31 December 2024, included in the Group’s trade receivables in respect of non-government organisations
     which were past due and net of loss allowance are balances totalling HK$34,473,000 (2023: HK$38,885,000) with
     the following ageing analysis:

                                                                                                 2024               2023
                                                                                              HK$’000            HK$’000

     Overdue by:
     Within 60 days                                                                             22,008             27,481
     Over 60 days but within 120 days                                                            8,308              6,141
     Over 120 days but within 365 days                                                           3,713              1,601
     Over 365 days                                                                                 444              3,662
                                                                                                34,473             38,885


     Further details on the Group’s credit policy and credit risk arising from trade receivables are set out in note 36(b).

     The Group’s trade receivables of HK$132,923,000 (2023: HK$160,245,000) as at 31 December 2024 were
     pledged for certain banking facilities granted to the Group.

     As at 31 December 2024, included in the trade receivables is an amount due from an associate of HK$185,000
     (2023: HK$74,000) which is unsecured, interest free and recoverable in accordance with payment terms as set out
     in the service agreement entered into with the an associate.




90 Baguio Green Group Limited
   Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



22. BIOLOGICAL ASSETS
     Movements of biological assets are summarised as follows:

                                                                                              2024               2023
                                                                                           HK$’000            HK$’000

     Plants and flowers

     Balance as at 1 January                                                                     259              8,292
     Purchases                                                                                   842                269
     Usage in services                                                                        (1,101)              (316)
     Disposal                                                                                      –             (4,798)
     Change in fair value less costs to sell                                                       –             (3,188)
     Balance as at 31 December                                                                     –               259


     The plants and flowers are primarily held for further growth for the usage in services and are classified as current
     assets.

     The fair value less costs to sell of plants and flowers are determined using the market based approach which
     assumes sales of biological assets in their existing state and making reference to similar sales or offerings or
     listings of comparable assets on the market. The biological assets were classified as Level 2 under the fair value
     hierarchy.

23. PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS
     The amount represents deposits pledged to banks to secure bank borrowings.

24. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION
     Cash and cash equivalents comprise:

                                                                                              2024               2023
                                                                                           HK$’000            HK$’000

     Cash and bank balances                                                                 128,054             41,425


     As at 31 December 2024, the balances that were placed with banks or on hand in the PRC and included in the
     cash and bank balances amounted to HK$1,529,000 (2023: HK$962,000). Remittance of funds out of the PRC is
     subject to the exchange restriction imposed by the PRC government.

     The Group’s cash and cash equivalents of HK$2,393,000 (2023: HK$51,000) as at 31 December 2024 were
     pledged for certain banking facilities granted to the Group.

     (a)   Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
           The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities from financing activities, including both cash and
           non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are liabilities for which cash flows were, or
           future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from
           financing activities.




                                                                                   Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                         Annual Report 2024       91
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



24. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION (Continued)
     (a)   Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities (Continued)

                                                                Payable to a
                                                              non-controlling          Bank         Lease
                                                                 shareholder     borrowings      liabilities       Total
                                                                    HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000
                                                                    (note 27)       (note 28)     (note 29)
           As at 1 January 2023                                        5,881        176,356        41,354        223,591

           Changes from financing cash flows:
           Proceeds from new bank borrowings                               –       1,818,619              –     1,818,619
           Repayments of bank borrowings                                   –      (1,812,311)             –    (1,812,311)
           Interest paid for bank borrowings and overdrafts                –          (11,391)            –        (11,391)
           Capital element of lease rentals paid                           –                –      (10,017)        (10,017)
           Interest element of lease rentals paid                          –                –        (1,894)         (1,894)
           New loan from a non-controlling shareholder                 1,600                –             –           1,600
           Repayment of loan from a non-controlling
               shareholder                                             (3,200)              –             –         (3,200)

           Total changes from financing cash flows                     (1,600)        (5,083)      (11,911)       (18,594)

           Other changes:
           Increase in lease liabilities from entering
               into new leases                                             –               –         8,881           8,881
           Lease modification                                              –               –        (3,490)         (3,490)
           Interest expenses (note 7)                                    414          11,391         1,894         13,699
           Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                         –               –          (107)           (107)

           Total other changes                                           414          11,391         7,178         18,983

           As at 31 December 2023 and
             1 January 2024                                            4,695        182,664        36,621        223,980

           Changes from financing cash flows:
           Proceeds from new bank borrowings                                –      1,728,273             –      1,728,273
           Repayments of bank borrowings                                    –     (1,830,127)            –     (1,830,127)
           Interest paid for bank borrowings and overdrafts                 –         (8,765)            –         (8,765)
           Capital element of lease rentals paid                            –              –       (12,384)       (12,384)
           Interest element of lease rentals paid                           –              –        (1,734)        (1,734)
           Repayment of loan from a non-controlling
               shareholder                                             (4,695)              –             –        (4,695)
           Other interest paid                                            (72)              –             –           (72)

           Total changes from financing cash flows                     (4,767)      (110,619)      (14,118)      (129,504)

           Other changes:
           Increase in lease liabilities from entering
               into new leases                                             –               –       17,806          17,806
           Lease modification                                              –               –       (3,955)         (3,955)
           Interest expenses (note 7)                                     72           8,765        1,734          10,571

           Total other changes                                            72           8,765       15,585          24,422

           As at 31 December 2024                                           –         80,810       38,088        118,898




92 Baguio Green Group Limited
   Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



24. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION (Continued)
     (b)   Total cash outflow for leases
           Amounts included in the consolidated statement of cash flows for leases comprise the following:

                                                                                              2024               2023
                                                                                           HK$’000            HK$’000

           Within operating cash flows                                                       69,796             62,084
           Within financing cash flows                                                       14,118             11,911
                                                                                             83,914             73,995


           These amounts of HK$83,914,000 (2023: HK$73,995,000) relate to lease rentals paid.

25. TRADE PAYABLES

                                                                                              2024               2023
                                                                                           HK$’000            HK$’000

     Trade payables                                                                          42,279             48,120


     The ageing analysis of trade payables, based on the invoice date at the end of the reporting period, is as follows:

                                                                                              2024               2023
                                                                                           HK$’000            HK$’000

     Within 30 days                                                                          24,523             26,406
     Over 30 days but within 60 days                                                          4,495             10,476
     Over 60 days but within 90 days                                                          1,700                909
     Over 90 days                                                                            11,561             10,329
                                                                                             42,279             48,120


     The credit period on purchases of certain goods and services is generally within 30 to 60 days.

26. CONTRACT LIABILITIES

                                                                                              2024               2023
                                                                                           HK$’000            HK$’000

     Billings in advance of performance under recycling contracts                             4,002              3,629


     The Group receives advances from customers when they enter into the service agreements. These advances are
     recognised as contract liabilities until performance obligations of the relevant services are completed.




                                                                                  Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                        Annual Report 2024        93
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



26. CONTRACT LIABILITIES (Continued)
     Movements in contract liabilities

                                                                                            2024            2023
                                                                                         HK$’000         HK$’000
     Balance as at 1 January                                                                   3,629          410
     Increase in contract liabilities as a result of billing in advance of
       recycling activities                                                                    7,414        7,670
     Decrease in contract liabilities as a result of recognising revenue
       during the year                                                                        (7,041)       (4,451)
     Balance as at 31 December                                                                 4,002        3,629


     As at 31 December 2024 and 2023, the billings in advance of performance expected to be recognised as income
     within one year.

27. ACCRUALS, DEPOSITS RECEIVED AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                            2024            2023
                                                                                         HK$’000         HK$’000
     Accruals of wages, salaries and other benefits                                          228,573      212,164
     Defined benefit plan obligation (note 37)                                               146,508       79,910
     Deposits received                                                                           579        1,156
     Payable to a non-controlling shareholder                                                      –        4,695
     Other accrued expenses and payables                                                      25,814       24,894
                                                                                             401,474      322,819
     Less: Non-current other payables                                                           (324)        (756)
                                                                                             401,150      322,063


     Non-current other payables are unsecured, interest free and repayable after one year.

     As at 31 December 2023, payable to a non-controlling shareholder included a loan of HK$4,000,000, which was
     unsecured, interest bearing at 6% per annum and repayable within one year; and interest payable of HK$695,000,
     which was interest-free. Such amounts were repaid during the year ended 31 December 2024.

     All of the remaining accruals, deposits received and other payables are expected to be settled or recognised as
     income within one year or repayable on demand.




94 Baguio Green Group Limited
   Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



28. BANK BORROWINGS
     The analysis of the carrying amount of the bank borrowings at the end of the reporting period is as follows:

                                                                                                2024                2023
                                                                                             HK$’000             HK$’000
     Current liabilities

     Current portion of term loans from banks                                                   29,982            103,357
     Non-current portion of term loans from banks repayable on demand                           50,828             79,307
                                                                                                80,810            182,664


     At the end of the reporting period, the bank borrowings were secured as follows:

                                                                                                2024                2023
                                                                                             HK$’000             HK$’000
     Secured                                                                                    80,810            182,419
     Unsecured                                                                                       –                245
                                                                                                80,810            182,664


     The secured bank loans of the Group as at 31 December 2024 were secured by:

     (i) pledged bank deposits of HK$7,338,000 (2023: HK$7,211,000);

     (ii) pledge of cash and cash equivalents of HK$2,393,000 (2023: HK$51,000);

     (iii) mortgage of the land and buildings of HK$59,750,000 (2023: HK$62,412,000); and

     (iv) pledge of the trade receivables of HK$132,923,000 (2023: HK$160,245,000).

     As at 31 December 2024, the bank borrowings of the Group of HK$80,810,000 (2023: HK$182,664,000) bear
     interest ranging from 2.75% to 7.09% (2023: 3.38% to 7.91%) per annum and are denominated in Hong Kong
     Dollar.

     As at 31 December 2024, banking facilities of HK$322,057,000 (2023: HK$309,411,000) are subject to the
     fulfilment of covenants relating to certain of the Group’s financial ratios. If the Group were to breach the covenants,
     the drawn down facilities would become payable on demand. As at 31 December 2024, such facilities were
     utilised to the extent of HK$21,094,000 (2023: HK$48,516,000). The Group regularly monitors its compliance with
     these covenants. As at 31 December 2024, none of the covenants relating to the drawn down facilities had been
     breached (2023: Nil). Further details of the Group’s management of liquidity risk are set out in note 36(b).




                                                                                     Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                           Annual Report 2024        95
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



29. LEASE LIABILITIES
     The remaining contractual maturities of the Group’s lease liabilities at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

                                                                                                 2024                2023
                                                                                              HK$’000             HK$’000

     Minimum lease payments
     – within one year                                                                          13,385               9,608
     – after one year but within five years                                                     14,399             15,517
     – after five years                                                                         17,174             19,104
                                                                                                31,573             34,621

                                                                                                44,958             44,229
     Less: Future interest expenses                                                             (6,870)             (7,608)
     Present value of lease liabilities                                                         38,088             36,621

     Present value of minimum lease payments
     – within one year                                                                          11,950               8,343
     – after one year but within five years                                                     11,575             12,375
     – after five years                                                                         14,563             15,903
                                                                                                26,138             28,278
                                                                                                38,088             36,621


30. PROVISION

                                                                                                 2024                2023
                                                                                              HK$’000             HK$’000
     Provision for reinstatement costs of leasehold land

     Balance as at 1 January                                                                    14,802             14,352
     (Reversal)/additional provision made                                                       (2,491)               450
     Provision utilised                                                                           (459)                 –
     Balance as at 31 December                                                                  11,852             14,802


     Under the tenancy agreement of the leasehold land with the government authority, the Group has a contractual
     obligation to hand back the leasehold land in its original condition. Therefore, the Group recognises a provision
     for these reinstatement costs, based on the best estimate of the expected reinstatement costs in respect of the
     modifications made to the leasehold land. The expected timing of utilising the provision is either when the Group
     terminates the tenancy agreement or when the tenancy agreement expires.

     As at 31 December 2024, the Group had recognised the receivable of HK$11,852,000 (2023: HK$11,852,000)
     for the right to receive payment from the associate in respect of the reinstatement costs, which is disclosed in note
     18.




96 Baguio Green Group Limited
   Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



31. DEFERRED TAXATION
     The components of deferred tax (assets)/liabilities recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position
     and the movements during the year are as follows:


                                                                              Accelerated
                                                                                       tax
                                                                              depreciation Tax losses             Total
                                                                                  HK$’000    HK$’000            HK$’000
     As at 1 January 2023                                                            24,816         (3,796)       21,020
     Charged/(credited) to profit or loss (note 9)                                    (2,910)        1,339         (1,571)
     As at 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024                                       21,906         (2,457)       19,449
     Charged/(credited) to profit or loss (note 9)                                   (5,392)           359        (5,033)
     As at 31 December 2024                                                          16,514         (2,098)       14,416


     Reconciliation to the consolidated statement of financial position is as follows:

                                                                                                   2024             2023
                                                                                                HK$’000          HK$’000
     Net deferred tax assets recognised                                                          (2,098)            (2,457)
     Net deferred tax liabilities recognised                                                     16,514            21,906
                                                                                                 14,416            19,449


     Deferred tax assets not recognised
     As at 31 December 2024, the Group has not recognised deferred tax assets in respect of the estimated unused
     tax losses of HK$69,523,000 (2023: HK$72,658,000) as it is not probable that future taxable profits against which
     the losses can be utilised will be available in the relevant tax jurisdictions and entity. Included in unrecognised tax
     losses are loss of HK$814,000 (2023: HK$742,000) which will expire at various dates up to 2029 (2023: up to
     2028). Other losses do not expire under current tax legislation.

32. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                                             Number             Nominal
                                                                                            of shares             value
                                                                                                 ’000           HK$’000

     Authorised:
     Ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each
     As at 1 January 2023, 31 December 2023, 1 January 2024 and
        31 December 2024                                                                    1,000,000              10,000

     Issued and fully paid:
     Ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each
     As at 1 January 2023, 31 December 2023, 1 January 2024 and
        31 December 2024                                                                        415,000             4,150


     The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to
     one vote per share at meetings of the Company. All ordinary shares rank equally with regard to the Company’s
     residual assets.




                                                                                     Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                           Annual Report 2024        97
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



33. RESERVES
     Movements in components of equity
     The reconciliation between the opening and closing balances of each component of the Group’s consolidated
     equity is set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Details of the changes in the Company’s
     individual components of equity between the beginning and the end of the year are set out in note 43 to the
     financial statements.

     Nature and purpose of reserves
     (i)     Share premium
             The application of the share premium account is governed by the Company Law of Cayman Islands.

     (ii)    Share option reserve
             This reserve represents the grant date fair value of unexercised share options granted to eligible persons,
             including any full-time and part-time employee, director, consultant or advisor of the Group that was
             recognised in accordance with the accounting policy in note 2(i)(iii).

     (iii)   Other reserve
             Other reserve represents the difference between the nominal value of the shares issued by the Company in
             exchange for the nominal value of the share capital of its subsidiary arising from the reorganisation in prior
             years.

     (iv)    Translation reserve
             The translation reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial
             statements of foreign operations. The reserve is dealt with in accordance with the accounting policies set out
             in note 2(t).

34. SHARE OPTION SCHEME
     The Company has a share option scheme which was adopted on 24 April 2014 whereby the directors of the
     Company are authorised, at their discretion, to invite employees of the Group or others who contribute to the
     development and growth of the Group, to take up options at nominal consideration to subscribe for shares of the
     Company. The options vest after two years from the date of grant and are then exercisable within a period up to
     23 April 2024. Each option gives the holder the right to subscribe for one ordinary share in the Company.

     A summary of the share option scheme of the Company are set out in the section headed “Share Option Scheme”
     in the Report of the Directors of the annual report.




98 Baguio Green Group Limited
   Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



34. SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)
     The following table discloses details of the Company’s share options in issue under the share option scheme
     during the year.

                                                                                       Number of share options
                                                                                                             Cancelled/
       Name of                                          Exercise        As at     Granted      Exercised        lapsed         As at
       category of                                         price    1 January   during the     during the    during the 31 December
       participant Date of grant     Exercise period   per share         2024         year           year          year        2024
                                                            HK$

       Directors    16/10/2015       16/10/2017 to          1.00      788,000            –              –      (788,000)           –
                                       23/4/2024

       Employees    16/10/2015       16/10/2017 to          1.00    2,224,000            –              –    (2,224,000)           –
                                       23/4/2024

                                                           Total    3,012,000            –              –    (3,012,000)           –

       Weighted average exercise price (HK$)                             1.00            –              –          1.00            –


                                                                                        Number of share options
                                                                                                             Cancelled/
       Name of                                          Exercise        As at      Granted      Exercised       lapsed         As at
       category of                                         price    1 January    during the     during the   during the 31 December
       participant Date of grant     Exercise period   per share        2023           year           year         year        2023
                                                            HK$

       Directors    16/10/2015       16/10/2017 to          1.00    1,408,000            –              –      (620,000)     788,000
                                       23/4/2024

       Employees    16/10/2015       16/10/2017 to          1.00    2,452,000            –              –      (228,000)   2,224,000
                                       23/4/2024

                                                            Total   3,860,000            –              –      (848,000)   3,012,000

       Weighted average exercise price (HK$)                             1.00            –              –          1.00         1.00


     The share options granted on 16 October 2015 and vested on 16 October 2017.




                                                                                              Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024         99
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



34. SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)
     The fair value of services received in return for share options granted is measured by reference to the fair value
     of share options granted. The estimate of the fair value of the share options granted is measured based on the
     following assumptions adopted in the model used:

     Date of grant                                                                                            16/10/2015
                                                                                                            Share options
                                                                                                              of Directors
                                                                                                           and employees
     Exercise period                                                                                       16/10/2017 to
                                                                                                              23/4/2024
     Fair value at measurement date                                                                             HK$0.39
     Share price                                                                                                HK$0.94
     Exercise price                                                                                             HK$1.00
     Expected volatility                                                                                         44.58%
     Option life                                                                                                10 Years
     Expected dividends                                                                                          1.383%
     Risk-free interest rate                                                                                     1.473%
     Model used                                                                                                 Binomial

     The expected volatility is based on the historical volatility, adjusted for any expected changes to future volatility
     based on publicly available information. Expected dividends are based on historical dividends. Changes in the
     subjective input assumptions could materially affect the fair value estimate.

     Share options were granted under a service condition. This condition has not been taken into account the grant
     date fair value measurement of the services received. There were no market conditions associated with the share
     options granted.

35. CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
     The Group’s primary objective when managing capital is to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a
     going concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for shareholders of the Group and benefits for other
     stakeholders, by pricing products and services commensurately with the level of risk and by securing access to
     finance at a reasonable cost.

     The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to maximise the returns to maintain a
     balance between the higher shareholder returns that might be possible with higher levels of borrowings and the
     advantages and security afforded by a sound capital position, and makes adjustments to the capital structure in
     light of changes in economic conditions. In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust
     the dividend payments to shareholders, issue new shares or obtain new bank borrowings. Neither the Group nor
     any of its subsidiaries are subject to externally imposed capital requirements, except for banking facilities which
     require the fulfillment of covenants relating to certain of the Group’s financial ratio as disclosed in note 28 to the
     financial statements.

     The capital structure of the Group mainly consists of debts, which include loan from a non-controlling shareholder
     of a subsidiary, bank borrowings and lease liabilities, and equity attributable to equity shareholders of the
     Company, comprising issued share capital and reserves respectively. The Group considers the cost of capital
     and the risks associated with each class of capital to monitor its capital structure on the basis of a gearing ratio.
     This ratio is expressed by as a percentage of total borrowings over the total equity. The Group’s overall strategy
     remains unchanged during the year.




100 Baguio Green Group Limited
    Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



35. CAPITAL MANAGEMENT (Continued)
     The gearing ratio as at 31 December 2024 and 2023 are as follows:

                                                                                                        2024                 2023
                                                                                                     HK$’000              HK$’000
     Total borrowings (Note)                                                                          118,898             223,285
     Total equity                                                                                     413,682             369,701
     Gearing ratio                                                                                        29%                  60%


     Note: Total borrowings included loan from a non-controlling shareholder of a subsidiary, bank borrowings and lease liabilities as
           disclosed in notes 27, 28 and 29 respectively.


36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
     (a)   Categories of financial instruments

                                                                                                        2024                 2023
                                                                                                     HK$’000              HK$’000
           Financial assets
           Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                       15,181               15,043
           Amortised cost
           – Trade receivables                                                                        554,451             599,616
           – Deposits                                                                                   7,915               6,987
           – Other receivables                                                                         10,771              12,088
           – Pledged bank deposits                                                                      7,338               7,211
           – Cash and cash equivalents                                                                128,054              41,425


                                                                                                        2024                 2023
                                                                                                     HK$’000              HK$’000
           Financial liabilities
           Amortised cost
           – Trade payables                                                                            42,279              48,120
           – Accruals, deposits received and other payables                                           254,966             242,909
           – Bank borrowings                                                                           80,810             182,664
           – Lease liabilities                                                                         38,088              36,621




                                                                                           Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024         101
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     (b)   Financial risk management
           Exposure to market risk (including foreign currency risk and interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk
           arises in the normal course of the Group’s business. The Group’s exposure to these risks and the financial
           risk management policies and practices used by the Group to manage these risks are described below.

           Market risk
           (i)    Foreign currency risk
                  The Group has minimal exposures to foreign currency risk as most of its business transactions, assets
                  and liabilities are principally denominated in Hong Kong Dollar. The Group currently does not have a
                  foreign currency hedging policy in respect of foreign currency transactions, assets and liabilities. The
                  Group will monitor its foreign currency exposure closely and will consider hedging significant foreign
                  currency exposure should the need arise.

           (ii)   Interest rate risk
                  The Group’s cash flow interest rate risk relates primarily to the Group’s, pledged bank deposits, loan
                  from a non-controlling shareholder of a subsidiary, lease liabilities and bank borrowings. Borrowings
                  issued at variable rates and at fixed rates expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk and fair value
                  interest rate risk respectively. The Group does not use financial derivatives to hedge against the interest
                  rate risk. The Group’s interest rate profile as monitored by management is set out below.

                  The following table details the interest rate profile of the Group’s net borrowings (being interest-bearing
                  financial liabilities less pledged bank deposits) at the end of the reporting period.

                                                                    2024                                2023
                                                             Effective         Amount            Effective         Amount
                                                         interest rate         HK$’000       interest rate        HK$’000

                  Net fixed rate borrowings
                  Loan from a non-controlling
                    shareholder of a subsidiary                   –                   –        6.00%                  4,000
                  Lease liabilities                     3.85%-6.34%              38,088   2.5%-4.43%                36,621
                        Pledged bank deposits           0.43%-3.25%              (7,338) 0.50%-0.93%                 (7,211)

                                                                                 30,750                             33,410
                  Variable rate borrowings
                  Bank borrowings                       2.75%-7.09%              80,810    3.38%-7.91%            182,664

                  Total net borrowings                                         111,560                            216,074


                  Sensitivity analysis
                  As at 31 December 2024, it is estimated that a general increase/decrease of 50 basis point in interest
                  rate, with all other variables were held constant, would have decreased/increased the Group’s profit
                  after taxation and retained earnings by approximately HK$337,000 (2023: HK$763,000).

                  The sensitivity analysis above indicates the annualised impact on the Group’s profit after taxation and
                  retained earnings that would arise assuming that the change in interest rates had occurred at the end
                  of the reporting period and had been applied to floating rates instruments which expose the Group
                  to cash flow interest rate risk at that date. The analysis does not take into account exposure to fair
                  value interest rate risk arising from fixed rate instruments as the Group does not hold any fixed rate
                  instruments which are measured at fair value in the financial statements. The analysis is performed on
                  the same basis for 2023.




102 Baguio Green Group Limited
    Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     (b)   Financial risk management (Continued)
           Credit risk
           At the end of each reporting period, the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk which will cause a financial
           loss to the Group due to failure to discharge an obligation by the counterparties arises from the carrying
           amount of the respective recognised financial assets in the consolidated statement of financial position.

           The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to contract assets, trade receivables, prepayments, deposits
           and other receivables. In order to minimise the credit risk, management has a credit policy in place and the
           exposures to these credit risks are monitored on an ongoing basis and follow-up action is taken to recover
           overdue debts. In addition, management reviews the recoverable amount of each individual debt at the end
           of each reporting period to ensure that adequate credit losses are made for irrecoverable amounts. In this
           regard, the directors consider that the Group’s credit risk is adequately managed and mitigated.

           The Group had certain concentration of credit risk as 40% (2023: 43%) and 74% (2023: 77%) of the Group’s
           contract assets and trade receivables were due from the largest customer and the five largest customers
           respectively as at 31 December 2024. The Group’s credit risk exposure is limited as the Group trades only
           with customers with an appropriate credit history and good reputation. The management monitored the
           financial background and creditability of those debtors on an ongoing basis.

           For contract assets and trade receivables due from quasi-government organisations and The Government of
           the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, there was no history of default and the Group considers the
           credit risk for such assets to be insignificant.

           For the remaining trade receivables due from non-government organisations, the Group measures loss
           allowances for trade receivables at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs. The ECLs as at 31 December
           2024 are based on the expected loss rates determined with reference to the historical actual loss on the
           trade receivables for each business segment. Expected loss rates ranging from 0.01% to 3.13% (2023:
           0.01% to 2.58%) were applied to such trade receivables for cleaning services, landscaping services and
           waste management and recycling businesses. As there was no history of default from customers for pest
           management businesses, the Group considers the credit risk of such customers to be insignificant and no
           loss allowance was recognised as at 31 December 2024 (2023: Nil).

           Expected loss rates are based on actual loss experience over the past 5 (2023: 5) years for each business
           segment. These rates are adjusted to reflect differences between economic conditions during the period
           over which the historic data has been collected, current conditions and the Group’s view of economic
           conditions over the expected lives of the receivables.

           Movements in the loss allowance account in respect of trade receivables during the year are as follows:

                                                                                              2024               2023
                                                                                           HK$’000            HK$’000
           Balance as at 1 January                                                               422               475
           Amounts written off                                                                   (12)                 –
           Recognition/(reversal) of credit losses                                               683                (53)
           Balance as at 31 December                                                           1,093               422




                                                                                   Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                         Annual Report 2024     103
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     (b)   Financial risk management (Continued)
           Liquidity risk
           The Group has to maintain a suitable level of liquidity to finance the daily operation, capital expenditure
           and repayment of borrowings. The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor current and expected liquidity
           requirements and its compliance with lending covenants to ensure that it maintains sufficient reserves
           of cash and adequate committed lines of funding from major financial institutions to meet its liquidity
           requirements in the short and longer term.

           As at 31 December 2024, the Group had unutilised banking facilities of HK$434,478,000 (2023:
           HK$342,181,000).

           The following tables show the remaining contractual maturities at the end of the reporting period of the
           Group’s financial liabilities, which are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows (including interest
           payments computed using contractual rates or, if floating, based on rates current at the end of the reporting
           period) and the earliest date the Group can be required to pay.

           For loans subject to repayment on demand clauses which can be exercised at the bank’s sole discretion, the
           analysis shows the cash outflow based on the contractual repayment schedule and, separately, the impact
           to the timing of the cash outflows of the lenders were to invoke unconditional rights to call the loans with
           immediate effect.

                                                               After                        Total
                                              Within      1 year but                  contractual
                                           1 year or          within           After undiscounted           Carrying
                                         on demand           5 years         5 years   cash flow             amount
                                            HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000            HK$’000
           As at 31 December 2024

           Trade payables                     42,279                –               –         42,279          42,279
           Accruals, deposits received
             and other payables             254,642              324               –         254,966         254,966
           Bank borrowings                   33,673           50,730           3,306          87,709          80,810
           Lease liabilities                 13,385           14,399          17,174          44,958          38,088
                                            343,979           65,453          20,480         429,912         416,143

           Adjustments to present
             cash flows on bank
             borrowings based on
             lender’s right to demand
             repayment                        47,137          (50,730)         (3,306)         (6,899)
                                            391,116           14,723          17,174         423,013




104 Baguio Green Group Limited
    Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     (b)   Financial risk management (Continued)
           Liquidity risk (Continued)

                                                                After                        Total
                                              Within      1 year but                   contractual
                                           1 year or          within         After   undiscounted     Carrying
                                         on demand           5 years      5 years        cash flow     amount
                                           HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000
           As at 31 December 2023

           Trade payables                    48,120                 –           –          48,120          48,120
           Accruals, deposits received
             and other payables             242,153              756           –         242,909       242,909
           Bank borrowings                  108,604           82,047       4,241         194,892       182,664
           Lease liabilities                  9,608           15,517      19,104          44,229        36,621
                                            408,485           98,320      23,345         530,150       510,314

           Adjustments to present
             cash flows on bank
             borrowings based on
             lender’s right to demand
             repayment                       74,060           (82,047)     (4,241)        (12,228)
                                            482,545           16,273      19,104         517,922




                                                                              Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                    Annual Report 2024     105
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     (c)   Fair value measurement
           (i)   Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value
                 Fair value hierarchy
                 The following table presents the fair value of the Group’s financial instruments measured at the end of
                 the reporting period on a recurring basis, categorised into the three-level fair value hierarchy as defined
                 in HKFRS 13, Fair value measurement . The level into which a fair value measurement is classified
                 is determined with reference to the observability and significance of the inputs used in the valuation
                 technique as follows:

                 Level 1 valuations:   Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs, i.e. unadjusted quoted prices in
                                       active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date

                 Level 2 valuations:   Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs, i.e. observable inputs which fail to
                                       meet Level 1, and not using significant unobservable inputs. Unobservable
                                       inputs are inputs for which market data are not available

                 Level 3 valuations:   Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs

                 The Group’s finance team assesses the valuations for the investments in life insurance which is
                 categorised into Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. Consultation with the insurance company is carried
                 out when appropriate in respect of the valuation assessment. The Group prepares analysis of changes
                 in fair value measurement at each interim and annual reporting date, which is reviewed and approved
                 by the Board of Directors. Discussion of the valuation process and results with the Board of Directors
                 is held twice a year, to coincide with the reporting dates.

                                                                           As at 31 December 2024
                                                               Level 1         Level 2     Level 3                Total
                                                              HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000               HK$’000

                 Financial assets at fair value
                    through profit or loss
                 Investments in life insurance                        –                –         15,181           15,181


                                                                            As at 31 December 2023
                                                               Level 1          Level 2       Level 3              Total
                                                              HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000             HK$’000

                 Financial assets at fair value
                    through profit or loss
                 Investments in life insurance                        –                –         15,043           15,043


                 During the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, there were no transfers between Level 1 and
                 Level 2, or transfers into or out of Level 3. The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers between levels
                 of fair value hierarchy as at the end of the reporting period in which they occur.




106 Baguio Green Group Limited
    Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     (c)   Fair value measurement (Continued)
           (i)    Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (Continued)
                  Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements

                                                                                                    2024            2023
                                                                                                 HK$’000         HK$’000

                  Investments in life insurance
                  Balance as at 1 January                                                            15,043          14,872
                  Gains recognised in profit or loss                                                    138             171
                  Balance as at 31 December                                                          15,181          15,043


           (ii)   Fair values of financial assets and liabilities carried at other than fair value
                  The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial instruments carried at cost or amortised cost were not
                  materially different from their fair values as at 31 December 2024 and 2023.

37. POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS
     Defined contribution retirement scheme
     The Group operates a Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (“MPF Scheme”) for all its qualifying employees in
     Hong Kong under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance. The assets of the MPF Scheme are held
     separately from those of the Group in funds under the control of trustees. Under the MPF Scheme, the employer
     and its employees are each required to make contributions to the scheme at 5% of the employees’ relevant
     income, subject to a cap of monthly relevant income of HK$30,000. Contributions to the scheme vest immediately.
     The only obligation of the Group with respect of MPF Scheme is to make the required contributions under the MPF
     Scheme. No forfeited contribution is available to reduce the contribution payable in the future years.

     The total expenses recognised in profit or loss included contributions to defined contribution retirement scheme for
     the Group of HK$55,756,000 (2023: HK$52,191,000) for the year ended 31 December 2024.

     Defined benefit plan obligation
     The Group’s defined benefit plan obligations comprise gratuity payments, SP and LSP.

     Gratuity payments
     Certain employees of the Group are entitled to gratuity payments calculated as a percentage of the employees’
     remuneration as stipulated in the Group’s service contracts with the Government of the Hong Kong Special
     Administrative Region when the employees completed required service periods, which generally range from one
     to three years. The gratuity payments are made when the relevant service contracts are expired. The gratuity
     payments could offset the relevant employees’ SP and LSP payable.

     SP and LSP
     Hong Kong employees that have been employed continuously for at least two years and are dismissed by
     reason of redundancy are entitled to SP in accordance with the Hong Kong Employment Ordinance under certain
     circumstances. The Hong Kong employees are instead entitled to LSP if they have been employed for more than
     five years. The amount of SP and LSP payable is determined with reference to the employee’s final salary (capped
     at HK$22,500) and the years of service, reduced by the amount of any accrued benefits derived from the Group’s
     contributions to MPF scheme, with an overall cap of HK$390,000 per employee. Currently, the Group does not
     have any separate funding arrangement in place to meet its SP and LSP obligations.

     In June 2022, the Government gazetted the Amendment Ordinance, which will eventually abolish the statutory
     right of an employer to reduce its LSP and SP payable to a Hong Kong employee by drawing on its mandatory
     contributions to the MPF scheme. The Government has subsequently announced that the Amendment Ordinance
     will come into effect from the Transition Date, i.e. 1 May 2025. Separately, the Government is also expected to
     introduce a subsidy scheme to assist employers after the abolition.



                                                                                        Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                              Annual Report 2024     107
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



37. POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (Continued)
     Defined benefit plan obligation (Continued)
     SP and LSP (Continued)
     Among other things, once the abolition of the offsetting mechanism takes effect, an employer can no longer use
     any of the accrued benefits derived from its mandatory MPF contributions (irrespective of the contributions made
     before, on or after the Transition Date) to reduce the LSP and SP in respect of an employee’s service from the
     Transition Date. However, where an employee’s employment commenced before the Transition Date, the employer
     can continue to use the above accrued benefits to reduce the LSP and SP in respect of the employee’s service
     up to that date; in addition, the LSP and SP in respect of the service before the Transition Date will be calculated
     based on the employee’s monthly salary immediately before the Transition Date and the years of service up to that
     date.

     The defined benefit plan obligations were valued by Valtech Valuation Advisory Limited, an independent valuer with
     its core valuation programme reviewed by a qualified actuary, using the projected unit credit method.

     The present value of unfunded obligations and its movements are as follows:

                                                                                              2024               2023
                                                                                           HK$’000            HK$’000

     At 1 January:                                                                            79,910            65,970
     Benefits paid                                                                           (37,671)          (39,713)
     Remeasurements recognised in other comprehensive income:
     Actuarial gains arising from changes in financial assumptions                            (1,687)              (1,300)

     Expenses recognised in profit or loss:
     Service cost                                                                           103,037             53,684
     Interest cost                                                                            2,919              1,269
                                                                                            105,956             54,953
     At 31 December                                                                         146,508             79,910


     The weighted average duration of the defined benefit obligation is 2.6 years (2023: 2.6 years).

     The above expenses are recognised in the following line items in the consolidated statement of profit or loss:

                                                                                              2024               2023
                                                                                           HK$’000            HK$’000

     Cost of services                                                                       105,672             52,779
     Administrative expenses                                                                    284              2,174
                                                                                            105,956             54,953


     Significant actuarial assumptions (expressed as weighted averages) and sensitivity analysis are as follows:

                                                                                               2024                 2023

     Discount rate                                                                             3.7%                 3.0%
     Staff turnover rate                                                                      26.2%                30.3%




108 Baguio Green Group Limited
    Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



37. POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS (Continued)
     Defined benefit plan obligation (Continued)
     The below analysis shows how the defined benefit obligation would have increased/decreased as a result of
     change in the significant actuarial assumptions as follow:

                                                            Changes in             Increase in         Decrease in
                                                           assumptions            assumption           assumption
                                                                                         2024                2024
                                                                                      HK$’000             HK$’000

     Discount rate                                                 0.5%                 (1,169)                1,209
     Staff turnover rate                                             5%                 (1,592)                2,233


     The above sensitivity analysis is based on the assumption that changes in actuarial assumptions are not correlated
     and therefore it does not take into account the correlations between the actuarial assumptions.

38. LEASE COMMITMENT
     As at 31 December 2024, the Group had total future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable leases
     payable not included in the lease liabilities as follows:

                                                                                             2024              2023
                                                                                          HK$’000           HK$’000
     Within one year                                                                         1,399             1,077


39. MAJOR NON-CASH TRANSACTION
     Additions to right-of-use assets of HK$17,806,000 (2023: HK$8,881,000) for the year ended 31 December 2024
     were made under the lease arrangements.




                                                                                 Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                       Annual Report 2024     109
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



40. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
     Save as disclosed elsewhere in these financial statements, the Group entered into the following material related
     party transactions:

     (a)   Compensation paid to key management personnel of the Group, including directors’ remuneration
           as detailed in note 12.

                                                                                                   2024         2023
                                                                                                HK$’000      HK$’000

           Short term employee benefits                                                          10,068       10,825
           Retirement scheme contributions                                                          331          394
                                                                                                 10,399       11,219


     (b)   Transactions with an associate

                                                                                                   2024         2023
                                                                                                HK$’000      HK$’000

           Income relating to right-of-use assets                                                 3,686        3,685
           Interest income                                                                          198          198
           Sourcing, collection and sorting waste plastics services income                        1,015          702
           Other services income                                                                      –          159


     (c)    Nature of related                      Nature                   Interested
            party relationship                     of transaction           director                  2024      2023
                                                                                                   HK$’000   HK$’000

            (i)     Common director and            Information technology   Mr. Ng Wing Hong         3,199      5,366
                    shareholder                       service fee

            (ii)    The company owned by           Purchase of cleaning      Mr. Ng Wing Hong        1,022       705
                    close member of director and     equipment and materials
                    shareholder

            (iii)   The company owned by           Rental expenses and other Mr. Ng Wing Hong          381       506
                    close member of director and     services fee
                    shareholder
                                                   Sale of materials                                   348          –


     (d)   Applicability of the Listing Rules relating to connected transactions
           The related party transactions in respect of information technology service fee as disclosed in note 40(c)
           (i) above constitute continuing connected transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The
           disclosures defined by Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules are provided in section “Connected Transactions” of
           the Directors’ Report.

           In addition, the other related party transactions as disclosed in note 40(c)(ii), and (iii) above constitute
           continuing connected transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules but are exempt from the
           disclosure requirements in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, as they fall under the de minimis transaction
           category pursuant to Rule 14A.76(1) of the Listing Rules.




110 Baguio Green Group Limited
    Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



41. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS OUTSTANDING NOT PROVIDED FOR IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                           2024            2023
                                                                                        HK$’000         HK$’000
     Capital expenditure in respect of the additions of property, plant and
     equipment
       – Contracted for within one year                                                   7,290                208


42. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY

                                                                                           2024            2023
                                                                                        HK$’000         HK$’000
     Non-current assets
     Investments in subsidiaries                                                          1,283               1,283
     Intangible assets                                                                    8,200               8,200

                                                                                          9,483               9,483

     Current assets
     Prepayments and other receivables                                                      246                  91
     Amounts due from subsidiaries                                                      184,645             172,285
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                              169                 376

                                                                                        185,060             172,752

     Current liabilities
     Accruals and other payables                                                             79                  78
     Amounts due to subsidiaries                                                         88,994              75,809

                                                                                         89,073              75,887

     Net current assets                                                                  95,987              96,865

     Net assets                                                                         105,470             106,348


     Capital and reserves
     Share capital                                                                        4,150               4,150
     Reserves                                                                           101,320             102,198

     Total equity                                                                       105,470             106,348


     Approved by the Board of Directors on 27 March 2025 and signed on its behalf by:




     Ng Wing Hong                                              Ng Yuk Kwan Phyllis
     Director                                                  Director


                                                                               Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                     Annual Report 2024     111
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



43. CHANGES IN EQUITY OF THE COMPANY
                                                                                 Share
                                                      Share       Share         option        Retained
                                                     capital   premium         reserve         earning          Total
                                                    HK$’000    HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000
     As at 1 January 2023                             4,150     100,850          1,493            261          106,754
     Profit and total comprehensive income for
         the year                                         –           –              –          15,364          15,364
     Dividend approved in respect of the previous
         year (note 10(b))                                –           –              –         (15,770)        (15,770)
     Share options lapsed                                 –           –           (328)            328               –
     As at 31 December 2023 and
         1 January 2024                               4,150     100,850          1,165            183          106,348
     Profit and total comprehensive income for
         the year                                         –           –              –          13,232          13,232
     Dividend approved in respect of the previous
         year (note 10(b))                                –           –              –         (14,110)        (14,110)
     Share options lapsed                                 –           –         (1,165)          1,165               –
     As at 31 December 2024                           4,150     100,850              –            470          105,470


     As at 31 December 2024, the aggregate amount of reserves available for distribution to equity shareholders of the
     Company amounted to HK$101,320,000 (2023: HK$102,198,000).

44. IMMEDIATE AND ULTIMATE CONTROLLING PARTY
     As at 31 December 2024, the directors consider the immediate parent and ultimate controlling company of the
     Group to be Baguio Green (Holding) Limited, which is incorporated in the BVI. Baguio Green (Holding) Limited
     does not produce financial statements available for public use and is controlled by Mr. Ng Wing Hong, a director of
     the Company.




112 Baguio Green Group Limited
    Annual Report 2024
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong Dollars unless otherwise indicated)



45. POSSIBLE IMPACT OF AMENDMENTS, NEW STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS ISSUED BUT
    NOT YET EFFECTIVE FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
     Up to the date of issue of these financial statements, the HKICPA has issued a number of new or amended
     standards, which are not yet effective for the year ended 31 December 2024 and which have not been adopted in
     these financial statements. These developments include the following which may be relevant to the Group.

                                                                                                      Effective for
                                                                                               accounting periods
                                                                                              beginning on or after

     Amendments to HKAS 21, The effects of changes in foreign exchange rates. Lack of
       exchangeability                                                                               1 January 2025
     Amendments to HKFRS 9, Financial instruments and HKFRS 7, Financial instruments:
       disclosures. Amendments to the classification and measurement of financial
       instruments                                                                                   1 January 2026
     Annual improvements to HKFRS Accounting Standards – Volume 11                                   1 January 2026
     HKFRS 18, Presentation and disclosure in financial statements                                   1 January 2027
     HKFRS 19, Subsidiaries without public accountability: Disclosures                               1 January 2027

     The Group is in the process of making an assessment of what the impact of these developments is expected
     to be in the period of initial application. So far it has concluded that the adoption of them is unlikely to have a
     significant impact on the consolidated financial statements.

46. APPROVAL OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     The consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on
     27 March 2025.




                                                                                  Baguio Green Group Limited
                                                                                        Annual Report 2024     113
FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY


                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                            2024         2023        2022       2021           2020
                                         HK$’000      HK$’000    HK$’000    HK$’000         HK$’000

Results

Revenue                                 2,603,087    2,327,489    1,793,121    1,273,809    1,131,781

Profit before taxation                    65,826        62,552       65,158      21,726       49,122
Income tax (expense)/credit               (9,367)      (14,424)     (13,753)      (8,882)      2,254

Profit for the year                       56,459       48,128       51,405       12,844       51,376

Attributable to:
   Equity shareholders of the Company     53,856       47,111       53,709       12,847       51,376
   Non-controlling interests               2,603        1,017        (2,304)          (3)          –

Profit for the year                       56,459       48,128       51,405       12,844       51,376


                                                            As at 31 December
                                            2024         2023        2022       2021           2020
                                         HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000    HK$’000        HK$’000

Assets and liabilities

Total assets                            1,011,554    1,011,393      896,168      660,943      604,295
Total liabilities                        (597,872)    (641,692)    (560,057)    (374,362)    (315,263)

                                         413,682      369,701      336,111      286,581      289,032

Attributable to:
  Equity shareholders of the Company     411,569      370,191      337,618      286,584      289,032
  Non-controlling interests                2,113         (490)       (1,507)          (3)          –

Total equity                             413,682      369,701      336,111      286,581      289,032




114 Baguio Green Group Limited
    Annual Report 2024
2024
       ANNUAL REPORT




            年報
                       年報 2024 Annual Report
