CHARACTERISTICS OF GEM OF THE STOCK EXCHANGE OF HONG KONG LIMITED (THE
“STOCK EXCHANGE”)

GEM has been positioned as a market designed to accommodate small and mid-sized
companies to which a higher investment risk may be attached than other companies listed
on the Stock Exchange. Prospective investors should be aware of the potential risks of
investing in such companies and should make the decision to invest only after due and
careful consideration.

Given that the companies listed on GEM are generally small and mid-sized companies,
there is a risk that securities traded on GEM may be more susceptible to high market
volatility than securities traded on the Main Board and no assurance is given that there will
be a liquid market in the securities traded on GEM.

Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and the Stock Exchange take no responsibility for
the contents of this report, make no representation as to its accuracy or completeness and
expressly disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from or in reliance
upon the whole or any part of the contents of this report.

This report for which the directors (the “Directors”) of Ocean Line Port Development Limited
(the “Company”) collectively and individually accept full responsibility, includes particulars given
in compliance with the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on GEM of the Stock Exchange
(the “GEM Listing Rules”) for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Company.
The Directors, having made all reasonable enquiries, confirm that to the best of their knowledge
and belief, the information contained in this report is accurate and complete in all material
respects and not misleading or deceptive, and there are no other matters the omission of which
would make any statement herein or this report misleading.
CONTENTS
Page
2      Corporate Information
4      Chairman’s Statement
6      Management Discussion and Analysis
13     Biographies of Directors and Senior Management
17     Directors’ Report
27     Corporate Governance Report
40     Environmental, Social and Governance Report
65     Independent Auditor’s Report
69     Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
70     Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
72     Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
74     Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
76     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
142    Financial Summary
    CORPORATE INFORMATION



    DIRECTORS                                        AUDITOR
    Executive Directors:                             BDO Limited
    Mr. Kwai Sze Hoi (Chairman)
    Mr. Huang Xueliang                               PRINCIPAL BANKERS
                                                     Agricultural Bank of China
    Non-executive Director:                          Chizhou Jiuhua Rural Commercial Bank
    Ms. Cheung Wai Fung                              Huishang Bank
                                                     Industrial and Commercial Bank of China
    Independent non-executive Directors:               (Asia) Limited
    Mr. Nie Rui                                      BNP Paribas
    Mr. Cheung Sze Ming
    Dr. Li Weidong                                   PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
                                                     TRANSFER OFFICE IN THE CAYMAN
    AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES                       ISLANDS
    Mr. Kwai Sze Hoi                                 Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited
    Mr. Lee Chun Hin                                 Cricket Square
                                                     Hutchins Drive
    AUDIT COMMITTEE                                  P.O. Box 2681
    Mr. Cheung Sze Ming (Chairman)                   Grand Cayman KY1-1111
    Mr. Nie Rui                                      Cayman Islands
    Dr. Li Weidong
                                                     HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                           REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE
    Mr. Nie Rui (Chairman)                           Tricor Investor Services Limited
    Mr. Cheung Sze Ming                              17/F, Far East Finance Centre
    Dr. Li Weidong                                   16 Harcourt Road
                                                     Hong Kong
    NOMINATION COMMITTEE
    Dr. Li Weidong (Chairman)                        REGISTERED OFFICE
    Mr. Nie Rui                                      Cricket Square
    Mr. Cheung Sze Ming                              Hutchins Drive
                                                     P.O. Box 2681
    COMPANY SECRETARY                                Grand Cayman KY1-1111
    Mr. Lee Chun Hin                                 Cayman Islands


    COMPLIANCE OFFICER
    Mr. Kwai Sze Hoi




2   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
CORPORATE INFORMATION



HEADQUARTERS, HEAD OFFICE
AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF
BUSINESS IN THE PRC
No. 8 Yanjiang Avenue
Chizhou Economic Development Zone
Chizhou, Anhui
PRC


PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
HONG KONG REGISTERED UNDER
PART 16 OF THE COMPANIES
ORDINANCE
Room 2715–16, 27/F.
Hong Kong Plaza
188 Connaught Road West
Hong Kong


COMPANY WEBSITE
www.oceanlineport.com


STOCK CODE
8502




                                    Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED   3
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



    Since 2007, we have established Chizhou Port Ocean Line Holdings Limited (“Chizhou Port Holdings”) in Chizhou
    City, Anhui Province, the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”). We have been operating at the Jiangkou Terminal
    and the Niutoushan Terminal since 2008 and 2013, respectively. The subsidiaries of Ocean Line Port Development
    Limited (the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) were granted honour such as the National
    Outstanding Foreign Investment Enterprise as well as the Outstanding Foreign Investment Enterprise in Anhui
    Province and in Chizhou City (全國、安徽省、池州市優秀外資企業), Credible Enterprise of Yangtze River
    Transportation System (長江航運系統誠信企業), Outstanding Transportation Enterprise in Anhui Province (安徽省聯合
    運輸優秀企業) and Grade A Tax Credit Enterprise in Anhui Province (安徽省A級納稅信用企業) and became the only
    terminal classified as national Category-1 port in Chizhou City and the largest public terminal. In 2021, the Jiangkou
    Terminal was awarded the honour as a Multi-mode Transport Demonstration Project under the“14th Five-Year Plan”
    (「十四五」多式聯運示範項目）.


    2022 is an extremely critical year for the reform and development of the Group. The Group is pleased to welcome the
    successful convening of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of the PRC. The Group has successfully
    passed the dual tests arising from the pandemic and the market by focusing on the “Deepening Campaign for the
    Year of Cost Reduction and Efficiency Enhancement” (「降本增效深化年活動」), efficiently coordinating economic
    development and safety and environmental protection, seizing opportunities, adopting advanced benchmark in
    management, overcoming difficulties and focusing on measures implementation. With steady growth in port
    business, enhanced operating efficiency, continuous improvement of technological innovation and information
    management level, we delivered annual results of high-quality development.


    Our business achieved a greater success this year. In 2022, facing the complicated and fast-changing business
    situation, we effectively coordinated the pandemic prevention and control and business development and completed
    a cumulative port cargo throughput volume of 29.1 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year increase of 6.2%;
    achieved a revenue of RMB187.4 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 13.0%; and achieved a profit of
    RMB87.5 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 10.0%.


    The safety and environmental protection situation was stable this year. Adhering to the green port construction, we
    adopted a “scoring system for safety assessment” (「安全積分制考核」) and resolutely implemented the “five
    accomplishments” (「五到位」) of safety and environmental protection measures to ensure safety and environmental
    production throughout the year without accidents.


    The quality of development continued to improve this year. In 2022, we launched the “Deepening Campaign for the
    Year of Cost Reduction and Efficiency Enhancement” (「降本增效深化年活動」) to further promote cost reduction
    and efficiency enhancement for all employees, all process and all elements. In 2022, we expanded the external
    market and strengthened our internal management with higher standards, leading new breakthroughs in high-quality
    development. Persisting in strengthening the technology center, we have set up relevant engineer workshops,
    focusing on equipment maintenance, operating efficiency, safety and environmental protection, energy saving and
    emission reduction and green port construction , to organize small reforms and technological innovations. We have
    also built a smart logistics platform for Chizhou Port and put it into operation. We have completed 21 technological
    innovation projects and received 1 invention patent, 12 utility patents and 4 software copyrights throughout the year.
    Chizhou Port Holdings has been recognized as a National High and New Technology Enterprise.




4   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



Comprehensive considerations coupled with a long-term vision are the keys to success (不謀全局者不足以謀一域，不
謀萬世者不足以謀一時). In order to create new opportunities amid the crisis and open up new prospects in the
changing environment, we always enhance our awareness of risks and opportunities with self-improvement and
scientific resilience.


In 2023, the international economic situation remains grim. The Russo-Ukrainian War, energy crisis, inflation and other
factors lead to a global economic recession, further reducing the momentum of external demand to support the
PRC’s exports and dragging down manufacturing investment and production. However, the development in the PRC
remain in an important period of strategic opportunities while the fundamentals of the improving PRC’s economy in
the long run have not been changed. The impact of the pandemic has significantly weakened. The PRC’s domestic
economic recovery is expected to be driven by the infrastructure and real estate sectors. With an aim to realize the
sustainable development of the Group, in addition to taking advantage of the favorable trend, paying close attention
on high-quality development and maintaining strategic focus, we will strive to plan for our business, shore up our
weak spots, improve our management as well as enhance our quality and efficiency with practical and realistic
approaches.




Ocean Line Port Development Limited
Kwai Sze Hoi
Chairman and Executive Director


Hong Kong, 23 March 2023




                                                 Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                 5
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



    BUSINESS REVIEW
    The Group is an inland terminal operator in the PRC and is principally engaged in the provision of port logistic
    services (including uploading and unloading of cargoes, bulk cargo handling services, container handling, storage
    and other services). The Group operates two port terminals, namely, Jiangkou Terminal and Niutoushan Terminal,
    both situated in Chizhou City, Anhui Province, the PRC. Chizhou City, located in the upper reach of the downstream
    section of the Yangtze River, is an important port city in the southwestern region of Anhui Province. It is also a crucial
    component of the integrated development of the Yangtze River Delta. With abundant mining resources as its biggest
    strengths, Chizhou City is an integral non-metallic mineral base in Eastern China. There are eleven multi-purpose/bulk
    cargo berths in the two major terminals of the Group, including the four multi-purpose/bulk cargo berths of the new
    phase (Phase III) of Jiangkou Terminal, making the Group the largest public port operator in Chizhou City, as well as
    an important driver of the opening-up and promoting of investment and business in Chizhou City.


    For 2022, the Group’s throughput volume of bulk cargo and container were 29.1 million tonnes (2021: 27.4 million
    tonnes) and 12,446 TEUs (2021: 12,384 TEUs), respectively, representing an increase of 6.2% and 0.5%, respectively as
    compared to 2021. The Group’s revenue and profit were RMB187.4 million (2021: RMB165.8 million) and RMB87.5
    million (2021: RMB79.5 million), representing an increase of 13.0% and 10.0%, respectively as compared to 2021.


    In 2022, facing the complicated and fast-changing market environment, we efficiently coordinated the works for
    business development and safety and environmental protection, successfully passed the dual tests arising from the
    pandemic and the market. With steady growth in port business and continuous improvement of internal
    management, our business achieved a greater success.


    The throughput volume and performance of the ports were mainly influenced by the following factors:


    Firstly, the impact of the pandemic. 2022 is the year when the PRC was most affected by the pandemic. Especially
    during the lockdown period in Shanghai, the downturn in the mining and construction materials market, the decrease
    of both supply and demand, the production suspension and reduction of some customers, and the shortage of
    source of commodity cargo, brought challenges to our port business.


    Secondly, the impact of low precipitation. In 2022, there was low precipitation during the flood period (汛期反枯),
    reaching the most withered state in the fourth quarter. The water depth at the front of the port terminal was more
    than 1 meter lower as compared with normal, which affected the normal operations of our ports due to the
    restrictions on berthing and unavailability of fully loaded large ships.


    Thirdly, the further improvement in market development ability. Under the unfavorable external market
    environment, we have taken the initiative to expand market share, grasp the source of commodity cargo in a timely
    manner, consolidate our existing customer base and explore marginal customers. Our operating philosophy is to
    develop and seize the market instead of waiting for the market.




6   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Fourthly, the continuous improvements in internal management level of the enterprise. In 2022, we comprehensively
carried out the “Deepening Campaign for the Year of Cost Reduction and Efficiency Enhancement” (「降本增效深化
年活動」). Based on the “Campaign for Costs Reduction and Efficiency Enhancement” held last year, we reduced
non-productive expenses, improved operation quality and efficiency and refined management, achieving remarkable
results.


Fifthly, adhering to technological innovation and high-quality development. We have organized small reforms and
technological innovations, focusing on equipment maintenance, operating efficiency, safety and environmental
protection, energy saving and emission reduction and green port construction. We have also built a logistics platform
for Chizhou Port and put it into operation, marking a new step in the construction of smart ports. We have completed
21 technological innovation projects throughout the year, and Chizhou Port Holdings has been recognized as a High
and New Technology Enterprise.


OUTLOOK
In 2023, there are both opportunities and challenges for our port operations. Despite many uncertainties faced, we
are confident that we will accomplish the works of the current year.


Firstly, the international economic situation remains grim. The Russo-Ukrainian War, energy crisis, inflation and other
factors lead to a global economic recession, together with the pressure on international capital market and
commodity market, which may result in sluggishness of the port economy.


Secondly, the turning point of the PRC’s domestic economy is gradually emerging. The optimized and adjusted
pandemic prevention policies in the PRC, gradually normalized production in various industries and further
strengthened market vitality bring a favorable external environment for our development. The domestic economic
recovery is expected to be driven by the infrastructure and real estate sectors. The direct demand side of bulk cargo,
such as smelting and construction materials industries, will also benefit. Our bulk cargo business is entering into a
period with positive trend.


Thirdly, the port industry supports industrial development. The port industry mainly serves the PRC’s domestic
circulation and plays a key role in the new development pattern of domestic and international dual circulation with
difficult tasks. We will deeply participate in the cooperation among the Yangtze River Delta, accelerate the
construction of a large logistics system, reduce logistics costs and lead the development of local economy.


Fourthly, the port operation is still facing many challenges: firstly, the growth of the port scale is restricted due to the
port environmental protection work facing more difficulties under increased environmental protection requirements
of land transportation. Secondly, the “Bulk Cargoes to Containers” (「 散 改 集 」) (the change in transportation form
from bulk cargo to container) operation has just started in the Chizhou City market, and the development of our
container business is still in a bottleneck period.


2023 is a year for us to promote the Multi-mode Transport Demonstration Project, and also the critical year for us to
try our best to achieve “doubling in five years” (「五年再翻一番」). We will work together, shoulder responsibility and
seize opportunities, so as to promote the Group’s various work towards a new level.




                                                      Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                 7
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



    FINANCIAL REVIEW
    Revenue

                                                                 Year ended
                                                                 31 December
                                                                 2022            2021           Increase
                                                              RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000              %


    Revenue from provision of uploading
      and unloading services


    Bulk cargo and break bulk cargo                           162,431         149,462       12,969            8.7
    Containers                                                  2,204           1,949          255           13.1


    Subtotal                                                  164,635         151,411       13,224            8.7


    Revenue from provision of ancillary port services          22,742          14,426        8,316           57.6


    Total revenue                                             187,377         165,837       21,540           13.0


                                                                 Year ended
                                                                 31 December
                                                                 2022            2021           Increase
                                                                                                               %


    Total cargo throughput (thousand tonnes)                  29,057.3        27,363.7      1,693.6           6.2


    Container throughput (TEUs)                                12,446          12,384           62            0.5


    Our revenue which is principally generated from the provision of uploading and unloading services was
    approximately RMB164.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 and RMB151.4 million for the year ended 31
    December 2021. The increase in revenue was mainly due to the increase in cargo handling revenue since the
    throughput of cargo increased by approximately 1.7 million tonnes as compared to 2021. The throughput volume of
    cargo increased as we grasped the source of commodity cargo in a timely manner, successfully consolidated our
    existing customer base and explored marginal customers.




8   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Cost of services
Our cost of services primarily consists of depreciation of property, plant and equipment, staff cost, subcontracting
fee, fuel and oil, consumables, electricity, repairs and maintenance expenses and others.


For the year ended 31 December 2022, our cost of services was approximately RMB72.2 million (2021: RMB68.2
million), representing an increase of RMB4.0 million or approximately 5.9% as compared to the last year. The increase
in cost of services was mainly attributable to the increase in repairs and maintenance expenses of approximately
RMB4.2 million due to more large-scale repair and maintenance activities being carried out during the year.


Gross profit and gross profit margin

                                                                Year ended
                                                               31 December
                                                                2022            2021             Increase
                                                                                                                 %


Gross profit (RMB’000)                                       115,133          97,685         17,448            17.9


Gross profit margin (%)                                          61.4            58.9            2.5           N/A


For the year ended 31 December 2022, our gross profit increased to approximately RMB115.1 million. The increase in
gross profit was primarily due to the increased throughput volume of cargo by 6.2% in terms of tonnes for the year
ended 31 December 2022. Our gross profit margin increased to 61.4%. The increase was primarily due to our business
achieved economies of scale through greater utilization of our throughput capacity.


Administrative expenses
For the year ended 31 December 2022, our administrative expenses increased by approximately RMB2.0 million or
11.5% which was primarily due to increase in administrative staff costs of approximately RMB1.3 million. The increase
in administrative staff costs was mainly due to the growth of our business and research and development related staff
costs for the improvement and development of port equipment, computer system and technique to be used in our
port operations incurred during the year.




                                                 Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED               9
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     Income tax expenses
     For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group’s income tax expense amounted to approximately RMB20.2 million
     (2021: RMB14.7 million), representing an increase of RMB5.5 million or approximately 37.4% as compared to last year.
     The increase was due to increase in the Group’s profit before tax for the year ended 31 December 2022 as compared
     to the same period of last year. The profit generated from one of the infrastructure projects (the “Qualifying Project”)
     of Chizhou Port Holdings for the year ended 31 December 2021 enjoyed full tax exemption, but those for the year
     ended 31 December 2022 only enjoyed 50% tax reduction (the “3-Year 50% Tax Reduction Entitlement”). Save for
     the mentioned better tax preferential policy being enjoyed by the Qualifying Project, as a High and New Technology
     Enterprise, Chizhou Port Holdings will pay the enterprise income tax at the rate of 15% for three consecutive financial
     years from 2022 to 2024 (“3-Year High and New Technology Enterprises Tax entitlement”). For the year ended 31
     December 2022, the effective tax rate is approximately 18.8% (2021: 15.6%). Should the deferred tax credit for the
     year ended 31 December 2022 of approximately RMB1.8 million be excluded, the adjusted effective tax rate would
     have been approximately 20.5%. Our adjusted effective tax rate for the year ended 31 December 2022 was lower than
     that of the PRC EIT standard rate of 25% mainly because of the 3-Year 50% Tax Reduction Entitlement for the
     Qualifying Project and the 3-Year High and New Technology Enterprises Tax Entitlement for Chizhou Port Holdings
     from 2022 to 2024.


     Profit for the year
     As a result of the foregoing, we recorded profit for the year of approximately RMB87.5 million (2021: RMB79.5
     million). Our net profit margin was approximately 46.7% (2021: 47.9%).


     Property, plant and equipment
     As at 31 December 2022, net carrying amount property, plant and equipment amounted to approximately RMB417.4
     million (31 December 2021: RMB426.4 million). It mainly represented (i) terminal facilities of approximately RMB270.0
     million (31 December 2021: RMB284.5 million); (ii) port machinery and equipment of approximately RMB51.6 million
     (31 December 2021: RMB48.8 million), and (iii) right-of-use assets of approximately RMB60.7 million (31 December
     2021: RMB62.6 million). The decrease of the balance was mainly due to the net effect of (i) addition of property, plant
     and equipment (including construction in progress and right-of-use assets) of approximately RMB14.4 million and (ii)
     depreciation charges of RMB23.4 million for the year.


     Financing and credit facilities
     As at 31 December 2022, the Group had no outstanding bank borrowings (31 December 2021: no outstanding bank
     borrowings). Including time deposits over three months, the Group had bank and cash balances amounted to
     approximately RMB288.8 million (31 December 2021: RMB231.2 million). Available but unused banking facilities
     amounted to approximately RMB115.8 million (31 December 2021: RMB115.8 million).




10   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



BORROWINGS AND GEARING RATIO
As at 31 December 2022, the Group had no outstanding debts (31 December 2021: RMB1.0 million). The Group’s
bank borrowings, if any, are primarily used in financing the working capital requirement of its operations.


As at 31 December 2021, the gearing ratio of the Group, calculated as the total debts which include payable incurred
not in the ordinary course of business, divided by the total equity, was approximately 0.2%.


DIVIDEND
To award the shareholders of the Company for their continued supporting and to enhance investors’ confidence in
the Company, the board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”) has proposed a final dividend of HK$3.0 cents
and a special final dividend of HK$3.0 cents (2021: Nil) per share for the year out of the share premium account within
the equity section of the statement of financial position of the Company. Subject to shareholders’ approval at the
forthcoming AGM to be held on 24 May 2023, the proposed final dividend and the proposed special final dividend
will be paid on or around 21 June 2023.


BUSINESS UPDATE
1.   On 28 March 2022, Chizhou Port Holdings and Yuan Hang Port Development (Chizhou) Limited (“Yuan Hang
     (Chizhou)”), subsidiaries of the Company entered into a joint venture agreement with an independent third
     party, pursuant to which the parties thereto agreed to establish a joint venture company, namely Chizhou
     Qianjiang Port Logistic Company Limited* (池州前江港航物流有限公司) (“Qianjiang Logistic”) in Chizhou City,
     the PRC. Qianjiang Logistic was incorporated on 12 April 2022 and is engaged principally in provision of port
     logistic services in the PRC. Qianjiang Logistic is owned beneficially as to 61.7% by Chizhou Port Holdings,
     33.3% by Yuan Hang (Chizhou), and 5.0% by the independent third party. Pursuant to the terms of the joint
     venture agreement, the proposed registered capital of the Qianjiang Logistic is RMB1,000,000 and investment
     by Chizhou Port Holdings and Yuan Hang (Chizhou) is expected to be RMB950,000 in total.


2.   On 20 September 2022, Chizhou Port Holdings has renewed its License for Port Operations (港口經營許可證) (the
     “License”) for nine multi-purpose/bulk cargo berths of Jiangkou Terminal. Including the License for three multi-
     purpose/bulk cargo berths of Niutoushan Terminal being renewed on 20 January 2022, the License for all the
     eleven multi-purpose/bulk cargo berths of our Group was successfully renewed during the year. The period of
     validity of the License is 3 years.


3.   On 30 September 2020, Chizhou Port Holdings entered into a capital injection agreement with three investors,
     pursuant to which the parties thereto agreed to establish a joint venture company, namely Chizhou Wusha Port
     Transportation Company Limited* (池州烏沙港口運輸有限公司) (“Chizhou Wusha”) in Chizhou City, the PRC.
     Chizhou Wusha was incorporated on 9 October 2020 and is engaged principally in provision of cargo loading
     and unloading, storage, custody, transit, transportation, international and domestic freight forwarding and port
     machinery and equipment maintenance services in the PRC. Chizhou Wusha is owned beneficially as to 10% by
     Chizhou Port Holdings. Pursuant to the terms of the capital injection agreement, the proposed registered
     capital of Chizhou Wusha is RMB200,000,000 and total investment by Chizhou Port Holdings is expected to be
     RMB20,000,000. The investment is classified as equity investment at fair value through other comprehensive
     income.




                                                 Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                 11
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



            During 2020, Chizhou Port Holdings injected RMB5,000,000 into Chizhou Wusha. On 1 November 2022, Chizhou
            Port Holdings has injected the remaining capital of RMB15,000,000 in Chizhou Wusha.


     4.     Pursuant to the ‘‘Announcement of Supplemental Filing of the 2022 Recognized High and New Technology
            Enterprises by the Accreditation Authorities in Anhui Province’’ (關於對安徽省認定機構2022年認定的高新技術企
            業進行補充備案的公告) issued by the National High and New Technology Enterprise Accreditation and
            Administration Leading Group Office (全國高新技術企業認定管理工作領導小組辦公室) on 23 February 2023,
            Chizhou Port Holdings has been recognized as a High and New Technology Enterprise. The qualification is
            valid for three years.


            According to the relevant national regulations, upon being recognized as a High and New Technology
            Enterprise, Chizhou Port Holdings will be entitled to tax preferential policies of the state in relation to High and
            New Technology Enterprises for three consecutive financial years. Save for a better tax preferential policy being
            enjoyed by the qualified infrastructure project of Chizhou Port Holdings, Chizhou Port Holdings will pay the
            enterprise income tax at the rate of 15% for three consecutive financial years from 2022 to 2024. For further
            details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 23 February 2023.

     * For identification purpose only




12   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



MANAGEMENT EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND CHAIRMAN
KWAI Sze Hoi (桂四海), aged 73, is the chairman of our Board and an executive director of the Company. He was
appointed as a director on 30 October 2017 and was re-designated as an executive Director on 1 June 2018.


As one of our founders and a member of controlling shareholders of the Company, he is mainly responsible for the
overall management and development of the Group as well as the formulation and implementation of our business
strategies. Mr. Kwai has over 40 years of experience in international shipping and port operation business. In the early
1990s, Mr. Kwai established Ocean Line Holdings Limited (“Ocean Line Holdings”) in Hong Kong and has been
serving as the chairman of its board and chief executive officer since then. After over three decades of development,
Ocean Line Holdings has become a diversified, sizable and integrated enterprise which primarily engages in
international shipping business with port, logistic and mining as its ancillary businesses and financial investment as its
supporting business. Currently, Ocean Line Holdings wholly-owns, operates and manages a fleet of seagoing vessels
with a total carrying capacity of more than 4.0 million deadweight tonnage.


He also invests in and operates bulk cargo (such as ores) terminal business in Tianjin Port through joint ventures
established by Ocean Line Holdings and Tianjin Port Development Holdings Limited.


In 2007, Mr. Kwai established Ocean Line Group (Chizhou) Port Development Inc. and is responsible for the
formulation and development of business strategies. He has also served as the chairman of the board as well as a
non-executive director of Brockman Mining Limited, a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange
(stock code: 0159) and the Australian Securities Exchange (stock code: BCK) since 2012.


Mr. Kwai graduated from Anhui University with a Bachelor degree in Foreign Language Studies in English in 1975. Mr.
Kwai is the husband of Ms. Cheung Wai Fung.


EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
HUANG Xueliang (黃學良), aged 60, is the executive Director and chief executive officer of the Company. He was
appointed as a Director on 7 December 2017 and re-designated as an executive Director on 1 June 2018. He is
responsible for the overall management and supervision of the operation of our PRC operating subsidiaries.


Mr. Huang has over 15 years of experience in the port logistic services industry in Chizhou City, Anhui Province. Mr.
Huang joined our Group in June 2008. Mr. Huang has also served as the Assistant President of Ocean Line Holdings
and has become the Vice President of Ocean Line Holdings since February 2019. Since June 2008, Mr. Huang has
acted as the managing director of Ocean Line Group Chizhou Company Limited (遠航集團池州有限公司), an
investment holding company, and has been responsible for overseeing its investment projects and operations
management.




                                                  Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                   13
     BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



     Mr. Huang obtained a Professional diploma in Economic Management from Anhui Institute of Finance and Trade in
     1994. He further obtained a Professional diploma in Business Administration from Anhui University in 1998 and a
     Professional postgraduate diploma in World Economics from Fudan University in 2002. Mr. Huang has extensive
     experience in corporate management. Prior to joining our Group, he worked at various companies in the PRC in
     textile engineering, tourism, asset management and chemical engineering at senior management level. Mr. Huang
     served as a member of the People’s Congress Standing Committee of Chizhou City, Anhui Province for 11 years (two
     terms) and the vice president of the Anhui Entrepreneurs Association* (安徽省企業家聯合會) for 10 years (two terms).
     He is currently the vice president of Anhui Port Association* (安徽省港口協會) and the vice president of Chizhou
     Entrepreneur Association* (池州市企業家聯合會).


     Mr. Huang has, on numerous occasions, received awards from port logistic industry organisations and provincial and
     municipal government authorities before and after joining our Group. For instance, in December 2017, Mr. Huang
     was named one of the Top Ten Most Outstanding People at the sixth Yangtze River Shipping industry awards
     ceremony held by Changjiang River Administration of Navigational Affairs (長江航務管理局); in March 2019, he was
     honoured with the title of Outstanding Professional Manager of Anhui Province at the 40th Anniversary of Reform and
     Opening Up in the sixth award ceremony (紀念改革開放40周年暨第六屆安徽省傑出職業經理人); in December 2020,
     he was awarded the honorable title of National Labor Model in the Logistics Industry (全國物流行業勞動模範).


     NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
     CHEUNG Wai Fung (張惠峰), aged 70, is one of our founders and a member of controlling shareholders and a non-
     executive Director of the Company. She was appointed as a Director on 7 December 2017 and re-designated as a
     non-executive Director on 1 June 2018. Ms. Cheung is primarily responsible for providing advice to the Board on
     business strategy of our Group.


     Ms. Cheung founded Ocean Line Holdings together with Mr. Kwai in 1994 and was appointed as a director
     responsible for overseeing finance and human resources. In addition, Ms. Cheung has over 16 years of experience in
     hotel management industry. Since 2005, Ms. Cheung was appointed as the chairman of Anhui Jinjiuhua International
     Hotel Company Limited (安徽金九華國際大酒店有限公司), a PRC company conducting hotel businesses in Anhui
     Province, the PRC and she is responsible for the design and construction of the hotel as well as overseeing the
     management decisions of the company.


     Ms. Cheung obtained a bachelor’s degree in Chinese Medicine from the Guangzhou University of Chinese Medicine
     in 1978.


     Ms. Cheung is the spouse of Mr. Kwai.


     INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
     NIE Rui (聶睿), aged 46, was appointed as independent non-executive Director (“INED”) on 1 June 2018. He is the
     chairman of the remuneration committee (the “Remuneration Committee”) and a member of each of the audit
     committee (the “Audit Committee”) and the nomination committee (the “Nomination Committee”) of the Company.
     Mr. Nie is responsible for supervising and providing independent judgement to our Board, the Audit Committee, the
     Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee.


     * For identification only




14   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



Mr. Nie has over 22 years of experience in investment banking and corporate finance. Between July 2000 and
December 2001, Mr. Nie worked as an investment banking analyst at Morgan Stanley. From January 2002 to May
2005, Mr. Nie worked at the Deutsche Bank Group and his last position held with the Deutsche Bank Group was an
investment banking associate. In June 2005, he joined HSBC and his last position held with HSBC was the Managing
Director and Head of China Equity Capital Markets. Since September 2015, Mr. Nie joined Rainbow Capital
Management Limited, where he is currently serving as the Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Nie has been acting as a
managing partner of Welight Capital HK Limited since December 2019.


Mr. Nie obtained a Bachelor of Arts in Philosophy, Politics and Economics from Oxford University in 2000.


CHEUNG Sze Ming (張詩敏), aged 53, was appointed as INED on 6 November 2020. He is the chairman of the Audit
Committee and a member of each of the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee. Mr. Cheung is
responsible for supervising and providing independent judgement to our Board, the Audit Committee, the
Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee.


Mr. Cheung served as an executive director, the company secretary and the chief financial officer of Affluent Partners
Holdings Limited (stock code: 1466), the issued shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange,
from April 2018; an independent non-executive director of Great Wall Terroir Holdings Limited, formerly known as
Great Wall Belt & Road Holdings Limited, (stock code: 524), the issued shares of which are listed on the Main Board
of the Stock Exchange, from March 2021; an executive director, the company secretary and the chief financial officer
of Far East Holdings International Limited, (stock code: 36), the issued shares of which are listed on the Main Board of
the Stock Exchange, from 17 February 2023. He holds a bachelor’s degree in Accountancy from the Hong Kong
Polytechnic University. He is also a fellow member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and a
member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Cheung has accumulated over 20 years of
working experience from an international audit firm and public listed companies. He had spent about 8 years in the
international audit firm and was an audit manager before he left the firm. Thereafter, Mr. Cheung has held different
senior positions in various public listed companies. He was an executive director and chief financial officer of Dingyi
Group Investment Limited (stock code: 508), the issued shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock
Exchange, from October 2011 to March 2018.


LI Weidong (李偉東), aged 54, was appointed as INED on 1 June 2018. He is the chairman of the Nomination
Committee and a member of each of the Audit Committee and Remuneration Committee. Dr. Li is responsible for
supervising and providing independent judgement to our Board, the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee
and the Nomination Committee.


Dr. Li has over 29 years of experience in the legal industry. He joined Nanjing Zhongshan Law Firm as a lawyer in
September 1992. Dr. Li was admitted as a PRC lawyer in September 1993. Dr. Li also practices as a foreign lawyer in
Hong Kong since May 2014. From February 1994 to April 1997, he worked as a lawyer at Jiangsu Jingwei Law Firm.
He became a partner of Guangdong Haipei Law Firm in November 2003 and has served as supervisor of the firm
since July 2013.




                                                 Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                  15
     BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



     Dr. Li graduated from Nanjing University with a Bachelor of Science degree in Geochemistry in 1990, before
     completing his Bachelor of Law degree at the same university in 1992. He further obtained a Doctor of Philosophy
     with the City University of Hong Kong in July 2004. Dr. Li has been acting as an independent director of following
     companies: (i) LUfax Holding Ltd, a company listed on the New York Stock Exchange (stock code: LU) in October
     2020, from April 2018; (ii) China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited (中國中藥控股有限公司), a
     company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 00570), since February 2019; and (iii) Shenzhen
     Yantian Port Holdings Co., Ltd. (深圳市鹽田港股份有限公司), a company listed on the Main Board of the Shenzhen
     Stock Exchange (stock code: 00088), since June 2022.


     Dr. Li served as an independent director of the following companies: (i) Netac Technology Company Limited (深圳巿
     朗科科技股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 300042.SZ), from February
     2014 to February 2017; (ii) Shenzhen MYS Environmental Protection & Technology Company Limited (深圳市美盈森環
     保科技股份有限公司), currently referred to as MYS GROUP CO., LTD. (美盈森集團股份有限公司) and a company listed
     on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 002303.SZ), from September 2013 to November 2019; (iii) Shenzhen
     Liantronic Co., Ltd (深圳巿聯建光電股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code:
     300269.SZ), from September 2018 to December 2019; and (iv) Avic Sanxin Co., Ltd (中航三鑫股份有限公司), currently
     referred to as Hainan Development Holdings Nanhai Co., Ltd. (海控南海發展股份有限公司) and a company listed on
     the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 002163.SZ), from June 2018 to June 2020.


     SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     Mr. LEE Chun Hin (李俊軒), aged 35, joined our Group on 10 July 2019 and is our financial controller and company
     secretary. He is primarily responsible for financial reporting, financial planning, treasury and financial control and
     corporate secretaries practices and procedures of our Group.


     Mr. Lee has over 13 years of experience in providing accounting and auditing services. He worked in BDO Limited
     from June 2015 to July 2019 with his last position as an audit manager. He has extensive experience in auditing and
     financial reporting, particularly with respect of companies listed on the Stock Exchange.


     Mr. Lee graduated from Edinburgh Napier University and further obtained a Master’s degree in Corporate
     Governance from the Hong Kong Polytechnic University in September 2022. He is a member of the Hong Kong
     Institute of Certified Public Accountants, the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and the Hong Kong
     Chartered Governance Institute.

     Mr. GUI Siqing (桂四清), aged 58, is the deputy general manager of Chizhou Port Holdings. He has over 30 years of
     experience in accounting and financial management. He also has over ten years of experience in the port logistic
     services industry. Mr. Gui joined our Group on 3 June 2016 and is responsible for overseeing the day-to-day port
     operation and financial reporting of Chizhou Port Holdings. Prior to joining our Group, Mr. Gui worked at the
     Accounting Department and the small commodity branch of Anqing Department Store Company (安慶百貨公司)
     from July 1984 to December 2007 with his last position as a deputy manager, where he was responsible for
     overseeing the company’s financial and accounting operations. From December 2007 to May 2016, he worked in the
     financial department of Anqing Port Ocean Line Holdings Limited with his last position as the company general
     manager, where he was wholly responsible for the production and operation of the company.


     Mr. Gui obtained a Professional diploma in Financial Accounting from Anhui College of Finance and Commerce in
     July 1991.


16   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
DIRECTORS’ REPORT



The Directors are pleased to present this annual report and the audited consolidated financial statements of the
Group for the year ended 31 December 2022.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The Company is an investment holding company. The principal activities of its subsidiaries are set out in note 40 to
the consolidated financial statements.


RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS
The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 are set out in the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income on page 69 of this annual report.


To award the shareholders of the Company for their continued supporting and to enhance investors’ confidence in
the Company, the Board has proposed a final dividend of HK$3.0 cents and a special final dividend of HK$3.0 cents
(2021: Nil) per share for the year out of the share premium account within the equity section of the statement of
financial position of the Company. Subject to shareholders’ approval at the forthcoming AGM to be held on 24 May
2023, the proposed final dividend and the proposed special final dividend will be paid on or around 21 June 2023.
The consolidated financial statements do not reflect this dividend payable.


CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS FOR ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
The register of members of the Company will be closed from 19 May 2023 (Friday) to 24 May 2023 (Wednesday) (both
days inclusive, 4 business days in total) during which period no transfer of Shares will be registered. In order to be
eligible to attend and vote at the annual general meeting, unregistered holders of Shares of the Company shall
ensure that all transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the
Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Tricor Investor Services Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16
Harcourt Road, Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on 18 May 2023 (Thursday).


CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS FOR DIVIDEND
The register of members of the Company will be closed from 1 June 2023 (Thursday) to 2 June 2023 (Friday), both
days inclusive, for the purpose of determining the entitlement to the proposed final dividend and the proposed
special final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2022. In order to qualify for the proposed final dividend and
the proposed special final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2022, all transfer forms accompanied by relevant
share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Tricor Investor Services
Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on 31
May 2023 (Wednesday).


BUSINESS REVIEW AND PERFORMANCE
A fair review of the Group’s business, a discussion and analysis of the Group’s performance during the year and an
analysis of the likely future development of the Group’s business are set out in the Management Discussion and Analysis
from pages 6 to 12. Description of the principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group are set out in the Corporate
Governance Report from pages 27 to 39 of this annual report and note 35 to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                 Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                 17
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT



     Except as disclosed elsewhere in consolidated financial statement, there is no important event affecting the Group
     that had occurred since the end of the year up to the date of this report. In addition, further discussion on the key
     relationships with the Company’s key stakeholders, the Group’s environmental policies and performance as well as
     compliance with relevant laws and regulations which have a significant impact on the Group are provided throughout
     the section “Environmental, Social and Governance Report”.


     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
     Details of changes in the property, plant and equipment of the Group are set out in note 14 to the consolidated
     financial statements.


     SHARE CAPITAL
     There were no movements in the Company’s share capital during the year.


     PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
     There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s articles of association (the “Articles”) or the laws
     of Cayman Islands which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro rata basis to existing shareholders.


     RESERVES
     Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and of the Company during the year are set out in the
     Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity on from pages 72 to 73 and note 39 to the consolidated financial
     statements respectively.


     DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES OF THE COMPANY
     As at 31 December 2022, the Company’s reserves, including the share premium account and retained profits,
     available for distribution Company (“Shareholders”), amounted to RMB84,778,000 (2021: RMB21,374,000), of which
     HK$48,000,000 (approximately RMB42,100,000, using exchange rate of RMB0.8775 to HK$1.00, which is the average
     exchange rate of five working days prior to the date of this report) has been proposed out of the share premium
     account as a final dividend and a special final dividend for the year after the reporting period.


     FINANCIAL SUMMARY
     A summary of the published results and assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is set out on
     page 142 of this annual report.


     EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
     Other than the share option scheme as disclosed in note 37 to the consolidated financial statements, no equity-linked
     agreements were entered into by the Company during the year or subsisted at the end of the year.


     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED
     SECURITIES
     During the year, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s
     listed securities.




18   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
DIRECTORS’ REPORT



MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
During the year, the revenue attributable from the Group’s five largest customers accounted for approximately 30.0%
(2021: 29.5%) of the Group’s total revenue for the year and the revenue attributable from to the Group’s largest
customer amounted to approximately 11.0% (2021: 12.3%). Purchases from the Group’s five largest suppliers
accounted for approximately 69.4% (2021: 70.3%) to the Group’s total purchases for the year and purchases from the
Group’s largest supplier amounted to approximately 43.0% (2021: 51.1%).


None of the Directors or any of their close associates or any shareholders (which, to the best knowledge of the
Directors, own more than 5% of the issue share capital of the Company as at the date of this annual report) had any
interest in any of the Group’s five largest customers and five largest suppliers.


DIRECTORS
The Directors during the year and up to the date of this annual report were:


Executive Directors:
Mr. Kwai Sze Hoi (Chairman)
Mr. Huang Xueliang


Non-executive Director:
Ms. Cheung Wai Fung


Independent Non-executive Directors:
Mr. Nie Rui
Mr. Cheung Sze Ming
Dr. Li Weidong


Biographical details of the Directors and senior management as at the date of this report are set out from pages 13
to 16 of this annual report. Details of Directors’ remuneration are set out in note 10 to the consolidated financial
statements.


In accordance with the Articles, any Director appointed by the Board as an addition to the existing Board shall hold
office only until the next following annual general meeting of the Company and shall then be eligible for re-election.


In accordance with the Articles, at each annual general meeting one-third of the Directors for the time being (or, if
their number is not a multiple of three (3), the number nearest to but not less than one-third) shall retire from office
by rotation provided that every Director shall be subject to retirement at an annual general meeting at least once
every three years and a retiring Director shall be eligible for re-election and shall continue to act as a Director
throughout the meeting at which he retires. In accordance with the Articles, each of Mr. Kwai Sze Hoi and Mr. Huang
Xueliang will retire at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company (“AGM”) and, being eligible, will offer
themselves for re-election thereat.




                                                  Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                 19
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT



     Each of Mr. Kwai Sze Hoi and Mr. Huang Xueliang, the executive Directors, has entered into a service agreement with
     the Company for an initial term of three years commencing from the listing date of the Company. On 21 June 2021,
     such service agreements were renewed on similar terms and effective from 10 July 2021 for another term of three
     years until terminated by not less than three months’ notice in writing served by either party on the other.


     The non-executive Director and each of the INEDs has entered into a letter of appointment with the Company. The
     terms and conditions of each of such letters of appointment are similar in all material respects. Mr. Cheung Sze Ming,
     one of the INEDs has entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for an initial term of three years from
     the date of his appointment subject to termination in certain circumstances as stipulated in the letter of appointment.
     The non-executive Director and each of the other INEDs (i.e. Mr. Nie Rui and Dr. Li Weidong) was appointed with an
     initial term of three years commencing from the listing date of the Company. On 21 June 2021, such letters of
     appointment were renewed on similar terms and effective from 10 July 2021 for another term of three years subject to
     termination in certain circumstances as stipulated in the letters of appointment.


     Save as aforesaid, none of our Directors has or is proposed to have a service contract with the Company or any of our
     subsidiaries (other than contracts expiring or determinable by the employer within one year without payment of
     compensation (other than statutory compensation)).


     DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
     No contracts, other than the service agreement, concerning the management and administration of the whole or any
     substantial part of the Group’s business were entered into or existed during the year.


     PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISIONS
     During the year and up to the date of this report, the Company has in force permitted indemnity provisions which are
     provided for in the Articles and in the directors and officers liability insurance maintained for the Group in respect of
     potential liability and costs associated with legal proceedings that may be brought against the Directors and the
     directors of the Group respectively.


     DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS
     IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES
     As at 31 December 2022, the interests or short positions of the Directors and chief executives of the Company in the
     shares (the “Shares”), underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the
     meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which will be required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange
     pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong
     Kong) (the “SFO”) (including interests or short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such




20   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
DIRECTORS’ REPORT



provisions of the SFO) or which will be required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register
referred to therein, or which will be required, pursuant to Rules 5.46 to 5.67 of GEM Listing Rules to be notified to the
Company and the Stock Exchange, will be as follows:


(A) Long position interests in the Shares

                                                                                                         Number of
                                                                                                   issued ordinary
                                                                                                       shares held/            Percentage of
          Name of Director                Capacity/Nature of interests                                    interested             shareholding


          Kwai Sze Hoi                    Interest of a controlled                                      600,000,000                         75%
                                             corporation (Note)


          Cheung Wai Fung                 Interest of a controlled                                      600,000,000                         75%
                                             corporation (Note)

     Note: Vital Force Developments Limited (“Vital Force”) is legally and beneficially owned as to 58.4% by Kwai Sze Hoi, 38.9% by Cheung Wai
           Fung and 2.7% by Hongkong Shun Yi Industrial Co. Limited, which is a company incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability and
           owned as to 60% by Mr. Huang Xueliang. Kwai Sze Hoi and Cheung Wai Fung are deemed to be interested in all the Shares held by
           Vital Force under Part XV of the SFO. Mr. Kwai Sze Hoi is the chairman and an executive Director of the Company and a director of Vital
           Force. Ms. Cheung Wai Fung is a non-executive Director of the Company, a director of Vital Force and the spouse of Mr. Kwai Sze Hoi.
           Mr. Huang Xueliang is an executive Director of the Company.



(B) Long position interests in ordinary shares of associated corporation

          Name of                                                                                       Number of              Percentage of
          associated                                            Capacity/Nature                   issued ordinary             the Company’s
          corporation               Name of Director            of interests                           shares held               share capital


          Vital Force               Kwai Sze Hoi                Beneficial owner                              29,200                      58.4%
                                                                   (Note 1)


          Vital Force               Cheung Wai Fung             Beneficial owner                              19,466                      38.9%
                                       (Note 2)                    (Note 1)


          Vital Force               Huang Xueliang              Interest of                                    1,334                        2.7%
                                                                   a controlled
                                                                   corporation
                                                                   (Note 1)

     Notes:

     1.       Vital Force is legally and beneficially owned as to 58.4% by Kwai Sze Hoi, 38.9% by Cheung Wai Fung and 2.7% by Hongkong Shun Yi
              Industrial Co. Limited, which is a company incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability and owned as to 60% by Mr. Huang Xueliang.

     2.       Cheung Wai Fung is the spouse of Kwai Sze Hoi.



                                                             Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                                  21
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT



     Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2022, none of the Directors nor chief executives of the Company had any
     interests or short positions in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated
     corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which would be required to be notified to the Company and
     the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO or would be required, pursuant to section 352
     of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein, or, pursuant to Rules 5.46 to 5.67 of the GEM Listing
     Rules relating to securities transactions by the Directors, notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange.


     SHARE OPTION SCHEME
     The Company has adopted a share option scheme (“Share Option Scheme”) on 10 July 2018 to provide incentive or
     rewards to participants including the Directors and eligible employees of the Group. Particulars of the Share Option
     Scheme are set out in note 37 to the consolidated financial statements. No share options were granted under the
     Share Option Scheme since its adoption.


     ARRANGEMENTS TO PURCHASE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
     Other than the share options as stated above, at the end of the year and at no time during the year was the
     Company, any of its holding companies, subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the
     Directors or chief executives of the Company or their spouse or children under 18 years of age to acquire benefits by
     means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of the Company or any other body corporate.


     DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
     As at 31 December 2022, none of the Directors nor their respective close associates was interested in any business
     which was considered to compete or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the business of the Group
     as required to be disclosed pursuant to the GEM Listing Rules.


     SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDER’S AND OTHER PERSONS’ INTERESTS AND
     SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES
     So far as is known to the Directors, as at 31 December 2022, the following shareholders and persons (not being a
     Director or chief executive of the Company) had interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the
     Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions




22   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
DIRECTORS’ REPORT



2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or who were, directly or indirectly, interested in 10% or more of the nominal value of
any class of share capital carrying rights to vote in all circumstances at general meetings of any other member of the
Group:


Long position in the Shares

                                                                                                 Number of                   Percentage of
                                                                                             issued ordinary                the Company’s
 Name                         Capacity/Nature of interests                                       shares held                  share capital


 Vital Force                  Beneficial owner                                                   600,000,000                              75%

Note: Vital Force is legally and beneficially owned as to 58.4% by Kwai Sze Hoi, 38.9% by Cheung Wai Fung and 2.7% by Hongkong Shun Yi Industrial
      Co. Limited, which is a company incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability and owned as to 60% by Mr. Huang Xueliang. Kwai Sze Hoi
      and Cheung Wai Fung are deemed to be interested in all the Shares held by Vital Force under Part XV of the SFO.



DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR
CONTRACTS AND CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
Continuing connected transaction
During the year, the Group had the following transactions with connected person (as defined in the GEM Listing
Rules) of the Company:


Tenancy Agreement

                                                                              (i) Date of agreement
 Name of counterparty               Location                                  (ii) Term (D/M/Y)                       Amount of the year
                                                                                                                                HK$’000


 Ocean Longevity                    Room 2715–16, 27/F.,                      (i)    30/11/2020                                           570
  Company Limited                     Hong Kong Plaza                         (ii)   1/1/2021 –
  (“Ocean Longevity”)                 188 Connaught Road                             31/12/2023
                                      West, Hong Kong

As the total amount payable under the above tenancy agreement (including the estimated utilities and telephone
charges) by Ocean Line Port Development (Hong Kong) Limited to Ocean Longevity for each of the three financial
years ending 31 December 2023 would be approximately HK$600,000, which is less than HK$3,000,000 per annum
and less than the 5% percentage ratios (other than the profits ratio) mentioned in Rule 19.07 of the GEM Listing Rules,
the total annual rent (including the estimated utilities and telephone charges) payable under the above tenancy
agreement would fall below the de minimis threshold under Rule 20.74(1)(c) of the GEM Listing Rules and thus would
not be subject to any reporting, announcement or independent Shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter
20 of the GEM Listing Rules.




                                                            Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                                23
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT



     Related party transactions
     Save for the exempt continuing connected transaction disclosed above, the Group also entered into certain related
     party transactions during the year which are contained in note 33 to the consolidated financial statements.


     Save as disclosed above, there was no transaction, arrangement or contract which is significant in relation to the
     business of the Company to which the Company, or any of its holding companies, subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries
     was a party and in which a Director or his/her connected entity had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly,
     subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.


     CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE
     DIRECTORS
     The Company has received, from each of the INEDs, an annual confirmation of independence pursuant to Rule 5.09
     of the GEM Listing Rules. The Company considers that all of the INEDs are independent.


     REMUNERATION POLICY
     A written remuneration policy (which ensures a clear link to business strategy and a close alignment with the
     Shareholders’ interest and current market best practice) is in place and the remunerations of Executive Directors will
     take into account the Group’s operating results, individual performance and comparable market statistics. The INEDs
     are paid fees in line with market practice. No individual should determine his or her own remuneration.


     Employee’s remuneration was determined in accordance with individual’s responsibility, competence and skills,
     experience and performance as well as market pay level. Remuneration package includes, as the case may be, basic
     salary, Directors’ fee, contribution to pension schemes, discretionary bonus relating to financial performance of the
     Group and individual performance, and other competitive fringe benefits such as medical and life insurances. Details
     of the remunerations of the Directors and the five highest paid employees of the Group are set out in note 10 to the
     consolidated financial statements.


     DIVIDEND POLICY
     The Board has adopted the policy that, in recommending or declaring dividends, the Company shall maintain
     adequate cash reserves for meeting its working capital requirements and future growth as well as its shareholder
     value. The Company do not have any pre-determined dividend payout ratio. The Board has the discretion to declare
     and distribute dividends to the shareholders of the Company, subject to the Articles and all applicable laws and
     regulations and the factors set out below:


     (a)   financial results;


     (b)   cash flow situation;




24   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
DIRECTORS’ REPORT



(c)   business conditions and strategies;


(d)   future operations and earnings;


(e)   capital requirements and expenditure plan;


(f)   interest of shareholders;


(g)   any restrictions on payment of dividends; and


(h)   any other factors that the Board may consider relevant.


Depending on the financial conditions of the Company and the Group and the conditions and factors as set out
above, dividends may be proposed and/or declared by the Board for a financial year or period:


(a)   interim dividend


(b)   final dividend


(c)   special dividend


(d)   any distribution of net profits that the Board may deem appropriate.


Any final dividend for a financial year will be subject to shareholders’ approval. The Company may declare and pay
dividends by way of cash or scrip or by other means that the Board considers appropriate. Any dividend unclaimed
shall be forfeited and shall revert to the Company in accordance with the Articles.


COMPLIANCE WITH THE RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS
The Group has complied with the relevant laws and regulations. For the year ended 31 December 2022, there was no
incident of non-compliance with relevant laws and regulations which have a significant impact on the Group.


TAX RELIEF
The Company is not aware of any relief from taxation available to Shareholders by reason of their holdings of the
Shares.




                                                 Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED            25
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT



     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE IN RESPECT OF NON-COMPETITION DEED
     Pursuant to a deed of non-competition undertaking dated 1 June 2018 (“Deed”) provided by Vital Force, Mr. Kwai
     Sze Hoi and Ms. Cheung Wai Fung (“Covenantors”) in favour of the Company, the Covenantors had given
     undertakings to the Company not to carry on, or be interested or involved or engaged in or acquire or hold any rights
     or interest, whether directly or indirectly, in any of the Restricted Business (as defined in the Deed).


     1.    Covenantors had confirmed that they had fully complied with the undertakings in the Deed and that the
           Company had not received nor was aware of any New Business Opportunities (as defined in the Deed) that
           required the Covenantors to offer to the Company by the Deed; and


     2.    the INEDs had made an annual review on the compliance of the terms of the Deed by the Covenantors and the
           enforcement of the non-competition undertakings in the Deed and formed the view that the Covenantors had
           fully complied with the undertakings in the Deed.


     RETIREMENT BENEFIT SCHEME
     Details of the retirement benefit scheme of the Group are set out in note 4.14(b) to the consolidated financial
     statements.


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
     Principal corporate governance practices adopted by the Company are set out in the Corporate Governance Report
     from pages 27 to 39 of this annual report.


     SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
     Based on the information publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, as at the
     latest practicable date prior to the issue of this annual report, there was sufficient public float of at least 25% of the
     Company’s issued Shares as required under the GEM Listing Rules.


     AUDITORS
     BDO Limited will retire at the forthcoming AGM and a resolution for their reappointment as auditors of the Company
     will be proposed thereat.


     On behalf of the Board




     Kwai Sze Hoi
     Chairman
     Hong Kong
     23 March 2023




26   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



The Corporate Governance Report is presented for the year ended 31 December 2022. The Company places high
value on the corporate governance practice and the Board firmly believes that a good corporate governance practice
can improve accountability and transparency for the benefit of the shareholders of the Company. The Board is
committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance for the Company within a sensible framework.
The Company has applied the principles as set out in the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) as set out in
Appendix 15 of the GEM Listing Rules during the year. The CG Code sets out the principles of good corporate
governance, code provisions and recommended best practices. Issuers are expected to comply with the code
provisions or devise their own code on corporate governance on the terms they consider appropriate provided that
considered reasons are given. Throughout the reporting period, the Company had complied with the applicable
code provisions of the CG Code and there had been no deviation by the Company.


The Company will continue to enhance its corporate governance practices appropriate to the conduct and growth of
its business and to review its corporate governance practices from time to time to ensure they comply with the
statutory requirements and regulations and the CG Code and align with the latest developments.


THE BOARD
Board Composition
As at 31 December 2022, the Board comprised six Directors, with two Executive Directors, one Non-Executive
Director and three INEDs who possess the skills, experience and expertise either in the same industry or relevant to
the management of the business of the Group. The biographies of the Directors are set out on pages 13 to 16 of this
annual report under the “Biographies of Directors and Senior Management” section. The Board includes at least
three INEDs with at least one INED possessing appropriate professional qualifications, or accounting or related
financial management expertise at all times during the year.


Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Code provision C.2.1 requires that the roles of the chairman and chief executive officer should be separate and not
be performed by the same individual. Mr. Kwai Sze Hoi has been appointed as the Chairman of the Board who
provides the Board with strong and consistent leadership. With the support of the company secretary of the
Company (“Company Secretary”), he ensures that all Directors receive, in a timely manner, adequate information
and are properly briefed on issues arising at the board meetings. He is responsible for ensuring that the Board works
effectively.


Mr. Huang Xueliang is the chief executive officer of the Group who is responsible for the Group’s strategic planning,
business growth and development as well as overseeing different functions. The Board considers that the current
segregation of duties make the Board and the operation of the Group function effectively.




                                                Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                27
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     Non-executive Directors
     The INEDs are all professionals with valuable experience and expertise in legal, accounting or auditing in business
     areas who contribute impartial view and make independent judgment on issues to be discussed at Board meetings.
     Mr. Nie Rui and Dr. Li Weidong have been appointed for an initial term of three years commencing from 10 July 2018.
     On 21 June 2021, the letters of appointment of Mr. Nie Rui and Dr. Li Weidong were renewed and effective from 10
     July 2021 for another term of three years. Mr. Cheung Sze Ming has been appointed for a term of three years
     commencing from 6 November 2020. The terms of the INEDs are subject to retirement by rotation and re-election
     provision under the Articles.

     The Company had received confirmation of independence from each of the INEDs. The Board considered each of
     them to be independent by reference to the factors as set out in Rule 5.09 of the GEM Listing Rules. The INEDs had
     been expressly identified as such in all corporate communications of the Company that disclose the names of
     Directors.

     Roles and Responsibilities of the Board
     The Company is headed by the Board which is responsible for the leadership, control and promotion of the success
     of the Group in the interests of the Shareholders by directing and supervising its affairs and by formulating strategic
     directions and monitoring the financial and management performance of the Group.

     Delegation to the Management
     The management is led by the Executive Committee of the Company (which comprises all the Executive Directors of
     the Board) and has delegated powers and authorities to carry out the day-to-day management and operation of the
     Group, formulate business policies and make decision on key business issues. The Executive Committee shall have all
     powers and authorities of the Board except the following matters as set out in a formal schedule of matters
     specifically reserved by the Board:

     •    Publication of final, interim and quarterly results of the Company

     •    Dividend distribution or other distributions

     •    Major issues of treasury policy, accounting policy and remuneration policy

     •    Changes to group corporate structure or Board composition requiring notification by announcements

     •    Publication of the announcement for notifiable transactions and non-exempted connected transaction/
          continuing connected transactions

     •    Non-exempted connected transactions/continuing connected transactions

     •    Notifiable transactions requiring Shareholders’ approval

     •    Capital restructuring and issue of new securities of the Company

     •    Financial assistance to Directors




28   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Board independence
To ensure independent views and input are available to the Board, the effectiveness of certain mechanisms and
features of the Board’s structure are reviewed annually. For instance, the efficiency and quality of Board meeting
discussions and the time commitment and proper discharge of duties of Directors are evaluated and assessed
annually. Further, since the listing of the Company, at least half of the Board has comprised of non-executive
Directors, and members of all board committees have been independent non-executive Directors.


Board diversity policy
The Company has adopted a board diversity policy which sets out the approach to achieve and maintain diversity on
the Board in order to enhance the effectiveness of the Board.


The Company seeks to achieve Board diversity through the consideration of a number of factors, including but not
limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge
and length of service.


All Board appointments will be based on meritocracy, and candidates will be considered against objective criteria,
having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board.


Selection of candidates will be based on a range of diversity perspectives, including but not limited to gender, age,
cultural and educational background, professional experience, skills and knowledge. The ultimate decision will be
made upon the merits and contribution that the selected candidates will bring to the Board.


The Nomination Committee will review the board diversity policy on an annual basis to ensure its continued
effectiveness.


For the purpose of implementation of the board diversity policy, the following measurable objectives were adopted:


1.   at least one-third of the members of the Board shall be INEDs;


2.   at least one of the members of the Board shall have obtained accounting or other professional qualifications;
     and


3.   the Board shall have at least one member of a different gender.


The Board has achieved the measurable objectives in the board diversity policy.




                                                 Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED               29
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     DIRECTOR NOMINATION POLICY
     The Board has adopted the policy which sets out (1) the principles which guide the Nomination Committee to identify
     and evaluate a candidate for nomination to (i) the Board for appointment or (ii) the shareholders of the Company for
     election, as a director of the Company; (2) the nomination procedures; and (3) the requirement to ensure that the
     Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the Company.


     The Nomination Committee shall consider a number of factors in making nominations, including but not limited to
     the following:


     (a)   Skills and Experience: The candidate should possess the skills, knowledge and experience which are relevant to
           the operations of the Company and its subsidiaries.


     (b)   Diversity: Candidates should be considered on merit and against objective criteria, with due regard to the
           diversity perspectives set out in the Board Diversity Policy of the Company including but not limited to gender,
           age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity and the balance of skills and experience in board
           composition.


     (c)   Commitment: The candidate should be able to devote sufficient time to attend Board meetings and participate
           in induction, trainings and other Board associated activities. In particular, if the proposed candidate will be
           nominated as an INED and will be holding his/her seventh (or more) listed company directorship, the
           Nomination Committee should consider the reason given by the candidate for being able to devote sufficient
           time to the Board.


     (d)   Standing: The candidate must satisfy the Board and The Stock Exchange that he/she has the character,
           experience and integrity, and is able to demonstrate a standard of competence commensurate with the
           relevant position as a director of the Company.


     (e)   Independence: The candidate to be nominated as an INED must satisfy the independence criteria set out in
           Rule 5.09 of the GEM Listing Rules.


     (f)   Others: Such other perspectives that are appropriate to the Company’s business plan and where applicable,
           may be adopted and/or amended by the Board and/or the Nomination Committee from time to time for
           nomination of directors.




30   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



If the Nomination Committee determines that an additional or replacement director is required, the Committee may
take such measures that it considers appropriate in connection with its identification and evaluation of a candidate
based on the criteria as set out above. The Nomination Committee may propose to the Board a candidate
recommended or offered for nomination by a shareholder of the Company as a nominee for election to the Board.
On making recommendation, the Nomination Committee may submit the candidate’s personal profile to the Board
for consideration. The Board may appoint the candidate as director to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the
Board or recommend such candidate to shareholders for election or re-election (where appropriate) at the general
meeting.


The Nomination Committee and/or the Board should review the overall contribution and service to the Company of
the retiring director and the level of participation and performance on the Board. The Nomination Committee and/or
the Board should also review and determine whether the retiring director continues to meet the criteria as set out
above. The Nomination Committee and/or the Board should then make recommendation to shareholders in respect
of the proposed re-election of director at the general meeting. Where the board proposes a resolution to elect or re-
elect a candidate as director at the general meeting, the relevant information of the candidate will be disclosed in the
circular to shareholders and/or explanatory statement accompanying the notice of the relevant general meeting in
accordance with the listing rules and/or applicable laws and regulations.


The Nomination Committee will conduct regular review on the structure, size and composition of the Board and this
policy and where appropriate, make recommendations on changes to the Board to complement the Company’s
corporate strategy and business needs.


Induction, Support and Professional Development of Directors
All Directors have been given relevant guideline materials regarding the duties and responsibilities of being a
Director, the relevant laws and regulations applicable to the Directors, duty of disclosure of interest and business of
the Group and such induction materials will also be provided to newly appointed Directors shortly upon their
appointment as Directors. All Directors have been updated on the latest developments of the Listing Rules and other
applicable regulatory requirement to ensure compliance and enhance their awareness of good corporate governance
practices. There is a procedure agreed by the Board to enable Directors, upon reasonable request, to seek
independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expenses in order to assist them to
perform their duties to the Company.




                                                 Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                  31
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     The Directors confirmed that they had complied with the Code Provision C.1.4 of the Code on Directors’ training.
     During the year, each Director had participated in continuous professional development by attending seminars/
     workshops/reading materials (where appropriate) on the following topics to develop and refresh their knowledge and
     skills and has provided a record of training to the Company.


      Name of Directors                                        Topics of training covered for all Directors


      Mr. Kwai Sze Hoi                                         (1)   corporate governance
      Mr. Huang Xueliang                                       (2)   finance
      Ms. Cheung Wai Fung                                      (3)   industry specific
      Mr. Nie Rui                                              (4)   regulatory
      Dr. Li Weidong
      Mr. Cheung Sze Ming

     Directors’ Insurance
     The Company has arranged appropriate insurance cover in respect of any legal action against the Directors in
     compliance with the requirements under the CG Code.


     Directors’ Attendance
     The attendance of Directors at the meetings during the year:


                                                                No. of meeting attended/eligible to attend
                                                                     Audit     Remuneration    Nomination Annual General
      Name of Directors                             Board      Committee          Committee     Committee Meeting (Note)


      Executive Directors
      Kwai Sze Hoi                                     4/4            N/A                N/A           N/A           1/1
      Huang Xueliang                                   4/4            N/A                N/A           N/A           1/1


      Non-executive Director
      Cheung Wai Fung                                  4/4            N/A                N/A           N/A           1/1


      Independent Non-executive Directors
      Nie Rui                                          4/4             4/4               1/1            1/1          1/1
      Li Weidong                                       4/4             4/4               1/1            1/1          1/1
      Cheung Sze Ming                                  4/4             4/4               1/1            1/1          1/1


      Total number of meetings held:                     4               4                 1                 1         1

     Note:

     AGM for 2021 was held on 26 May 2022.




32   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Upon reviewing (a) the confirmation of the time commitment given by each Director; (b) the directorships and major
commitments of each Director; and (c) the attendance rate of each Director on the meeting(s), the Board is satisfied
that all Directors have spent sufficient time in performing their responsibilities during the year.


Board Meetings and Proceedings
Regular Board meetings will be held at approximately quarterly intervals. The Directors have access to the advice and
services of the Company Secretary and key officers of the company secretarial team for ensuring that the Board
procedures as well as all applicable rules and regulations are followed.


With the assistance of the Company Secretary, the meeting agenda is set by the Chairman of the Board in
consultation with other Board members. Board meeting notice was sent to the Directors at least 14 days prior to each
regular Board meeting. Relevant meeting materials together with all appropriate, complete and reliable information
are generally sent to all Directors and relevant committee members at least 3 days before each meeting to enable
them to make informed decisions.


Minutes of Board meetings and Board committee meetings are drafted by the secretary of the meetings and
recorded in sufficient details the matters considered and decisions reached, with draft and final versions being
circulated to the Directors for their comment and records respectively. Originals of such minutes, being kept by the
Company Secretary, are open for inspection at any reasonable time with reasonable notice by any Director.


If a Director has conflict of interest in a matter to be considered by the Board which the Board has determined to be
material, the matter will be dealt with by a physical Board meeting rather than a written resolution. That Director will
abstain from voting on the relevant Board resolution in which he/she or any of his/her associates has a material
interest and he/she shall not be counted in the quorum present at the Board meeting. INEDs who, and whose close
associates, have no material interest in the transaction are present at that Board meeting.


Board Committees
To assist the Board in execution of its duties and facilitate effective management, certain functions of the Board have
been delegated by the Board to the Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee.




                                                   Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                33
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     All of the members of the Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee are INEDs. Clear
     written terms of reference of all the Board Committees are given to the respective members of these Committees.
     Details of the Board Committees are set out below:


     1.   Audit Committee
          The Audit Committee currently consists of three INEDs, namely Mr. Cheung Sze Ming (Chairperson of the
          Committee), Mr. Nie Rui and Dr. Li Weidong.


          The specific written terms of reference of the Audit Committee is available on the websites of the Stock
          Exchange and the Company. The Audit Committee is primarily responsible for, among other matters, (a)
          making recommendations to the Board on the appointment, reappointment and removal of the external
          auditor; (b) reviewing and monitoring the external auditor’s independence and objectivity and effectiveness of
          the audit process; (c) approving the remuneration and terms of engagement of external auditor; and (d)
          reviewing financial information and overseeing the financial reporting system, risk management and internal
          control procedures. The Audit Committee held four meetings during the year for, inter alia, reviewing the
          Group’s annual results, the first quarterly results, interim results, the third quarterly results, the financial
          reporting and compliance procedures, the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems
          and discussing with the auditors about the audit plan.


     2.   Remuneration Committee
          The Remuneration Committee currently consists of three members, namely Mr. Nie Rui (Chairman of the
          Committee), Mr. Cheung Sze Ming and Dr. Li Weidong.


          The specific written terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee is available on the websites of the Stock
          Exchange and the Company. The Remuneration Committee is primarily responsible for making
          recommendation to the Board on (a) the Company’s policy and structure of the remuneration of Directors and
          senior management; (b) the remuneration of INEDs; and (c) the specific remuneration packages of individual
          Executive Directors and senior management. Details of the remuneration of each of the Directors for the year
          are set out in note 10 to the consolidated financial statements. The Remuneration Committee has adopted the
          operation model where it performs an advisory role to the Board, with the Board retaining the final authority to
          approve the remuneration packages of individual Directors and senior management. The Remuneration
          Committee held one meeting during the year and performed the following:


          1.    Reviewed and approved the remuneration packages of all Directors and senior management of the Group
                to ensure that such remuneration is reasonable and not excessive.


          2.    Reviewed the staff policy and emolument policy of the Group.


     3.   Nomination Committee
          The Nomination Committee currently consists of three members, namely Dr. Li Weidong (Chairman of the
          Committee), Mr. Nie Rui and Mr. Cheung Sze Ming.




34   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     The specific written terms of reference of the Nomination Committee is available on the websites of the Stock
     Exchange and the Company. The Nomination Committee is primarily responsible for (a) reviewing the structure,
     size and diversity of the Board; (b) reviewing the Board Diversity Policy; (c) determining the policy for the
     nomination of Directors and identifying potential candidates for directorship; (d) making recommendations to
     the Board on the appointment, re-appointment, re-election or re-designation of Directors and succession
     planning for Directors; (e) assessing the independence of INEDs; and (f) reviewing the time commitment of each
     Director. When selecting and recommending candidates for directorship during the year, the Nomination
     Committee considered the candidates based on merit having regard to the experience, skills and expertise as
     well as the overall board diversity and made recommendations to the Board as appropriate for its consideration.
     The Nomination Committee held one meeting during the year and performed the following:

     1.    Approved the terms of reference of the Nomination Committee.

     2.    Approved the re-election of Directors of the Company.

     3.    Reviewed the structure, size and composition including the skills knowledge and experience of the Board.

     As adopted by the Board, the Board Diversity Policy aims to achieve diversity on the Board in the broadest
     sense in order to have a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives to the business nature of the
     Company. Selection of candidates on the Board is based on a range of diversity perspectives, including gender,
     age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional qualification and experience, skill, knowledge
     and length of service. The Nomination Committee will also assess the merits and contribution of any Director
     proposed for re-election or any candidate nominated to be appointed as Director against the objective criteria,
     with due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board that would complement the Company’s corporate
     strategy.

SECURITIES TRANSACTION OF DIRECTORS
The Company adopted the required standard of dealings set out in Rules 5.48 to 5.67 of the GEM Listing Rules as the
code of conduct regarding directors’ securities transactions of the Company. Upon the Company’s specific enquiry,
each Director had confirmed that during the year, they had fully complied with the required standard of dealings and
there was no event of non-compliance.

ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT
The Directors acknowledged their responsibilities to prepare the consolidated financial statements of the Group and
other financial disclosures required under the GEM Listing Rules and the management has provided such explanation
and information to the Board to enable it to make an informed assessment of the financial and other Board decisions.
The Directors believe that they have selected suitable accounting policies and applied them consistently, made
judgments and estimates that are prudent and reasonable and ensured the consolidated financial statements are
prepared on a “going concern” basis. The auditor of the Company has made a statement about their reporting
responsibilities in the Independent Auditor’s Report.

The management has provided all members of the Board with monthly updates on internal financial statements so as
to give the Directors a balanced and understandable assessment of the Group’s performance, position and
prospects.




                                                Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                  35
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
     The Board has overall responsibility for the design, implementation, monitor and review of the Group’s internal
     control system including the internal control and risk management for the Company to ensure their effectiveness and
     efficiency. The objective of internal control is to safeguard the Company’s assets and ensure its accounting records
     are properly maintained, so that all the financial information is accurate and reliable. The Group has adopted a series
     of internal control policies and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance for achieving the objectives
     including effective and efficient operations, reliable financial reporting and compliance with applicable laws and
     regulations, including those relating to the Company’s environmental, social and governance performance and
     reporting. All employees are committed to continually enhancing the risk management measures to ensure that these
     measures work in line with the growth of our business strategies and integrated into day-to-day operation of the
     business. The Board shall at least annually review its risk management and internal control system.


     Internal Controls
     The Group has maintained internal control policies to provide sufficient guidelines for the management staff and
     employees of the Company to work efficiently under a standardised work procedure. The internal control policies
     cover various operating processes from risk assessment, financial reporting, cost management and staff recruitment.
     The internal control system is generally overseen by the executive Directors and senior management and is reviewed
     at least once a year. For cost effectiveness, the Group did not divert resources to establish a separate internal audit
     department. Nevertheless, the Board will continue to review at least annually the need for an internal audit
     department. During the year, the Group engaged an independent internal control consultant to perform the review
     on internal control of the Group, including financial, operational and compliance controls and risk management
     functions. The Board concluded that the Group has maintained effective internal control measures to ensure that the
     operations of the Group would be in full compliance with the CG Code and the applicable laws and regulations. The
     Board is committed to implementing an effective and sound internal control system to safeguard the interest of
     Shareholders and the Group’s assets and the internal control systems would be reviewed annually.


     Risk Management
     In the course of conducting the business of the Group, the Company is exposed to various types of risks, including
     business risks, financial risks, environmental, social and governance risks, operation and other risks. The Board is
     ultimately responsible for the risk management of the Group and the risk management system is reviewed at least
     once a year. At operational level, a risk management team is in place to carry out risk identification and monitoring
     procedures. The risk management team consists of the operation staff, the Company Secretary and Mr. Kwai Sze Hoi.
     The objectives of the risk management process are to ensure that the operations of the Group would be in full
     compliance with the CG Code and the applicable laws and regulations enhance the governance and corporate
     management processes as well as to safeguard the Group against unacceptable levels of risks and losses. The risk
     management process of the Group would involve, among others, (i) risk identification and analysis exercise which
     involves assessment of the consequence and likelihood of risks and the development of risk management plans for
     mitigating such risks; and (ii) review of the implementation of the risk management plans and fine tune when
     necessary. During the year, the risk management process of the Group has been reviewed, and the Board considered
     that process was effective and adequate for the year.




36   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Procedures and Internal Controls for Handling and Dissemination of Inside Information
In handing and dissemination of inside information, the Group:


(i)     will conduct immediate dissemination once inside information is available and/or respective decision is made,
        except the inside information falling into the Safe Harbours of Securities and Futures Commission that allow
        non-disclosure;


(ii)    complies with applicable laws, rules and guidelines on disclosure of inside information issued by Securities and
        Futures Commission;


(iii)   decides and implements monitoring procedures regarding dissemination of inside information; and


(iv)    communicates with relevant persons about corporate information disclosure practices with respective training.


Anti-corruption and whistle-blowing
The Company takes a zero-tolerance approach to corruption or malpractice of any form throughout our operations.
We strictly prohibit the acceptance of money or any other gifts from external entities such as customers, suppliers,
contractors, authorities or other business partners. All employees are required to follow our Employee Handbook
which details a set of guiding principles for responsible business conduct.


In support of our policies on ethical behaviours, the Group’s whistle-blowing policy and grievance mechanism are in
place to allow employees at all levels and those who deal with the Group (e.g. customers and suppliers) to raise
concerns regarding any misconduct. To ensure whistleblowers have the freedom to report grievances without fear of
reprisal, all cases are treated in strict confidence and submitted to designated personnel for further investigation.
During the reporting year, there were zero cases of non-compliance with the relevant laws and regulations, including
but not limited to the Prevention of Bribery Ordinance (Chapter 201 of laws of Hong Kong) relating to corrupt
practices.


COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS
The Company had established a shareholders’ communication policy and the Board reviews it on an annual basis.
The Board is satisfied with the implementation and effectiveness of the Company’s activities in communicating with
Shareholders and investors during the reporting period. The Company communicates with the Shareholders mainly
in the following ways: (i) the holding of AGMs and extraordinary general meetings, if any, which may be convened for
specific purposes which provide opportunities for the Shareholders to communicate directly to the Board; (ii) the
publication of announcements, annual reports, interim reports, quarterly reports and/or circulars as required under
the GEM Listing Rules and press releases providing updated information of the Group; and (iii) the availability of
latest information of the Group in the Company’s website at http://www.oceanlineport.com .




                                                   Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                37
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     There is regular dialogue with institutional Shareholders and general presentations are made when financial results
     are announced. Shareholders and investors are welcome to visit the Company’s website to raise enquiries and/or
     communicate their views on various matters affecting the Company. The relevant contact details are available on the
     Company’s website. The Directors, Company Secretary or other appropriate members of senior management of the
     Company respond to enquiries from Shareholders promptly. All Shareholders are also welcomed to attend general
     meetings of the Company to discuss matters relating to the Group.


     Separate resolutions will be proposed at the general meetings for substantial separate issues, including re-election of
     retiring Directors. The Company’s notice to the Shareholders for the AGM will be sent to Shareholders at least 20
     clear business days before the meeting and notices of all other general meetings will be sent to the Shareholders at
     least 10 clear business days before the meetings.


     All the Directors of the Company attended the AGM of the Company held on 26 May 2022 (the “2021 AGM”) and
     the Chairman of the Board as well Chairman of each of the Board Committees made themselves available to answer
     questions at the 2021 AGM. External auditor was invited and attended the AGM to address shareholders’ enquiries.


     The forthcoming AGM will be held on 24 May 2023 which will be conducted by way of poll. The Chairman of the AGM
     and the chairman/members of the Board Committees will be available at the AGM to answer questions from the
     Shareholders. With the assistance of the Company Secretary, the Chairman of the meeting will explain the procedures
     for conducting a poll during the meeting.


     SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
     Set out below is a summary of certain rights of the Shareholders as required to be disclosed pursuant to the CG
     Code.


     Convening an Extraordinary General Meeting/Right to call Extraordinary General Meeting
     Shareholder(s) representing at least 5% of the total voting rights of all the Shareholders having a right to vote at
     general meetings may send a request to the Company pursuant to Section 566 of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter
     622 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (“CO”). The request must state the general nature of the business to be dealt with at
     the meeting, and may include the text of resolution that may properly be moved and is intended to be moved at the
     meeting. Requests may consist of several documents in like form. A request may be sent to the Company for the
     attention of the Company Secretary in hard copy form or in electronic form and must be authenticated by the
     relevant Shareholder(s). Such request will be verified with the Company’s share registrar and the Company Secretary
     will request the Board to convene a general meeting within 21 days upon its confirmation that the request is in order.
     Such meeting must be held on a date not more than 28 days after the date of the notice convening the meeting and
     such notice must include notice of the resolution.




38   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Section 568 of the CO provides that if the Directors do not within 21 days as stated above to call a general meeting,
the Shareholders representing more than one half of the total voting rights of all of them, may themselves call a
general meeting, but the meeting so convened must be called for a date not more than 3 months after the Directors
become subject to the requirement to call a meeting. The meeting must be called in the same matter, as nearly as
possible, as that in which that meeting is required to be called by the Directors. The business that may be dealt with
at the meeting includes a resolution to be dealt with at the meeting. All reasonable expenses incurred by the
Shareholders of this purpose must be reimbursed by the Company.


Putting forward Proposals at General Meetings/Right to Circulate Resolution at AGM
Section 615 of the CO provides that (i) shareholder(s) representing at least 2.5% of the total voting rights of all
Shareholders; or (ii) at least 50 Shareholders having a right to vote on the resolution at the AGM may request the
Company to circulate a notice of a resolution may properly moved or is intended to be moved at that meeting. Such
request must identify the resolution to be moved at the AGM, must be authenticated by the relevant Shareholder(s)
and sent to the registered office of the Company for the attention of the Company Secretary in hard copy form or in
electronic form not later than 6 weeks before the relevant AGM or if later, the time when the notice of AGM is
despatched.


Proposing a Person for Election as a Director
The procedures for Shareholders to propose a person for election as a Director are available for viewing on the
Company’s website.


Enquires from Shareholders
Shareholders should direct their enquiries about their shareholdings to the Company’s share registrar, Tricor Investor
Services Limited. Other Shareholders’ enquiries can be directed to the Company Secretary of the Company whose
contact details are shown on the Company’s website.


CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
There is no significant change in the Company’s constitutional documents during the year.


AUDITOR’S INDEPENDENCE AND REMUNERATION
The Audit Committee is mandated to review and monitor the independence of the auditor to ensure objectivity and
the effectiveness of the audit process of the financial statements in accordance with applicable standard. Members of
the Audit Committee was of the view that the Company’s auditor, Messrs. BDO Limited (“BDO”) is independent and
had recommended the Board to re-appoint it as the Company’s auditor at the 2022 AGM. The fee paid/payable to
BDO for the year in respect of the audit services provided to the Company and its subsidiary amounted to
RMB663,000.




                                                Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                 39
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



     ABOUT THE REPORT
     Introduction of the Report
     This report is the Environmental, Social and Governance Report (“the ESG Report”) of Ocean Line Port Development
     Limited (the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”, or “We”) for the current financial year. This
     report summarises the Group’s strategies, practices and vision regarding the environmental, social and governance
     issues for the year of 2022.

     Reporting Scope and Reporting Period
     Unless otherwise stated, this ESG Report covers the achievements to environmental protection and social
     development of two terminals operated by the Group, namely the Jiangkou Terminal and Niutoushan Terminal. This
     report explains the work performance with respect to the environment and society of the Group from 1 January 2022
     to 31 December 2022 (the “Year”) in details.

     Basis for Preparation
     The ESG Report is prepared in accordance with the “Comply or Explain” provision of the Appendix 20 Environmental,
     Social and Governance Reporting Guide of the GEM Listing Rules of the Stock Exchange and the principles of
     materiality, being quantitative, balance and consistency. When preparing this report, the Group adopted emission
     factors and international standards listed in the Environmental, Social and Governance Guidance issued by the Stock
     Exchange using the same preparation method as the previous year. For details on applying materiality reporting
     principle, please refer to the section headed “Materiality Assessment” in this report.


     Contact of the Group
     For details of the financial performance and corporate governance of the Group during the reporting year, please
     refer to the website ( www.oceanlineport.com ) of the Group and the annual report.


     Your opinion is of great value to the Group. If you have any suggestion and feedback on this ESG Report and the
     performance of the Group in respect of sustainable development, please post them to the principal place of business
     of the Company in Hong Kong, which is located at Room 2715–16, 27th Floor, Hong Kong Plaza, 188 Connaught
     Road West, Hong Kong.


     Data Sources and Reliability Statement
     The information disclosed in this report comes from the Group’s internal documents, statistical reports and relevant
     public materials. The Group confirms that the report does not contain any false statement, misleading representation
     or material omission and take responsibilities for its contents as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness.


     Confirmation and Approval
     The management team of the Group has confirmed to the board (the “Board”) of Directors of the Company that the
     environmental, social and governance risk management and internal monitoring systems for the year ended 31
     December 2022 are effective.


     This report received approval at the meeting of the Board held on 23 March 2023 at Suite 2101, 21/F, Two
     International Finance Centre, 8 Finance Street, Central, Hong Kong. This report is released in both English and
     Chinese versions. Should there be any discrepancies between the two versions, the English version shall prevail. The
     electronic version of this report can be viewed on the website of the Stock Exchange and website of the Company.




40   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



MANAGEMENT OF ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE
Statement of the Board
As a responsible corporate citizen, the Group adheres to the concept of sustainable development, actively fulfills its
corporate social responsibilities and incorporates environmental protection and environmental management into its
commercial decisions. Integrating environmental, social and governance and managerial considerations into daily
operations has been part of the Group’s corporate development strategies at all times. In addition, the Group has
been focusing on maintaining closer connections with different stakeholders.


The Group has established governance structure to strengthen the environmental, social and governance
management. The Board assumes full responsibility for the environmental, social and governance issues of the Group
and fully monitors related risks and opportunities. The Board is responsible for formulating management approach,
strategies and goals in relation to the Group’s environmental, social and governance regularly reviews the goals set
by the Group and performance of the goals and review the strategies pursuant to the actual condition. To integrate
the concept of sustainability and manage environmental, social and governance issues effectively, the Group has
established the ESG Working Group to help the Board to monitor and promote the implementation of various
environmental, social and governance strategies. The ESG Working Group is also responsible for assisting the Board
to identify important issues and rank their priorities in order of importance, regularly report to the Board on the
effectiveness of the environmental, social and governance system and performance of the Group and prepare the
annual environmental, social and governance report.


In the future, the Board will continue to monitor and improve the Group’s measures and performance on
sustainability and commit to create long-term values for all stakeholders and the communities where the business is
located.


Management structure

                                     •    The Board is responsible for monitoring environmental, social and
              Board                       governance issues, including formulating related approach and
                                          strategies.


                                     •    The Working Group is responsible for assisting the Board to execute
       ESG Working Group                  various daily management works for environmental, social and
                                          governance issues.


                                     •    Each functional department is responsible for enforcing various measures
     functional departments               for environmental, social and governance issues formulated by the
                                          Group.




                                                Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                 41
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



     Identification and communication with stakeholders
     In the course of its operations, the Group continues to pay attention to major issues of interest of the stakeholders.
     The Group understands the expectations and needs of its stakeholders through comprehensive and transparent
     communication, and continues to improve the Group’s sustainable development strategies and plans based on the
     opinions of its stakeholders, so as to consolidate mutual trust and cooperative relations and jointly achieve its
     sustainable development plan, create a future with the coexistence of sustainable economic growth, environmental
     friendliness and social development.


     Information of Stakeholders

      Stakeholders             Possible matters involved                  Communication and response
      Stock Exchange           Compliance with the GEM Listing Rules      Meeting, training, seminar, programme,
                               and timely and accurate publication of     website update and announcement
                               announcements

      The government           Compliance with laws and regulations,      Interaction and inspection, governmental
                               attention to social welfare and            inspection, tax return and other information
                               prevention of tax evasion

      Suppliers                Payment schedule and stable demand         On-site investigation

      Investors                Corporate governance system, business      Company’s website, general meeting,
                               strategies and performance and             provision of financial report or business report
                               investment returns                         for investors, media and analysts

      Media                    Corporate governance, environmental        Notice published on the Company’s website
                               protection and human rights

      Customers                Product/service quality, reasonable        On-site inspection and after-sales service
                               price, service value, labour protection
                               and work safety

      Employees                Rights, interests and welfare, employee    Holding of team activity, training and interview,
                               remuneration, training and                 distribution of staff manual and internal
                               development, working hours and work        memorandum
                               environment

      Community                Community environment, employment          Development of social welfare sponsorship
                               and community development and              and donation
                               social welfare




42   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Materiality Assessment
In order to ensure that this report has fully covered and responded to the major concerns of stakeholders, in addition
to regular communication with stakeholders, the Group has also referred to various resources of company internal
policies, industry trends and Material Map by Sustainability Accounting Standards Board to identify issues with
potential and actual impact to the Group’s sustainable development.


The Group analysed and prioritised the environmental, social and governance issues identified based on certain
factors such as its strategy, development and objectives, and the results are as follows:


                     High




                                                                                                        14
                                                                                                2        8       10




                      Impact on stakeholders
                                                                                                    1        5

                                                                                           15
                                                                                      9

                                                                                    11
                                                                16
                                                                         13
                                                                 12      3
                                                            6
                                                                     7       4




                     Low
                                               Low                           Impact on business                          High




                                                     Environmental, social and governance issues

              1.    Air emissions                                                    9.         Employment

              2.    Greenhouse gas emissions                                         10.        Health and safety

              3.    Hazardous waste                                                  11.        Employee’s development and training

              4.    Non-hazardous waste                                              12.        Labour Standards

              5.    Energy consumption                                               13.        Supply Chain Management

              6.    Water consumption                                                14.        Product responsibility

              7.    Environment or natural resources                                 15.        Anti-corruption

              8.    Climate change                                                   16.        Community Investment




                                                                     Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED         43
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



     ENVIRONMENT
     Summary of Environment
     The Group is an inland terminal operator in the PRC, and mainly operates two port terminals, namely, Jiangkou
     Terminal and Niutoushan Terminal, both of which are situated in Chizhou City, Anhui Province, the PRC. Our services
     principally consist of the uploading and unloading services of bulk cargo, the uploading and unloading services of
     containers, storage services and other relevant ancillary port services.


     The Group has established a safety and environment department, led by a senior management member, for
     supervising and managing issues relating to environmental protection and emission of hazardous dust and materials,
     in order to ensure the Company’s compliance with existing requirements on environmental protection during its
     business operations.


     The Group strictly adheres to a series of national and local municipal government’s laws on environmental protection
     by the state and local governments in the course of all business activities and production processes. During 2022, we
     obtained all necessary local and national permits as well as various emission approvals and licenses, including but not
     limited to Port Operation License ( 港口經營許可證 ), Statement of Compliance of a Port Facility ( 港口設施保安符合證
     書 ), Road Transportation Operation License ( 道路運輸經營許可證 ), Affiliate Permit for Handling Hazardous Goods at
     Ports ( 港口危險貨物作業附證 ).


     During the reporting year, the Group complied with all environment-related laws, including but not limited to the
     Water Pollution and Prevention Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國水污染防治法》), the Law of
     the PRC on the Prevention and Control of Atmospheric Pollution (《中華人民共和國大氣污染防治法》), the Solid
     Pollution and Prevention Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國固體廢物污染環境防治法》),
     Cleaner Production Promotion Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國清潔生產促進法》) and the
     Environmental Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國環境保護法》). Meanwhile, we
     were not involved in any confirmed non-compliance relating to environmental protection that would have a material
     impact on the Group.


     The Group and Environment
     Intensive transportation and cargo handling activities at our terminals generate limited noise and cause water and
     dust pollution. In regard to this, the Group has engaged a third-party agency with professional qualifications for
     conducting environment assessment of the Group. We hope to ensure observance of legal obligations and
     requirements for normal operation through regular monitoring and inspection.


     In order to effectively control dust and water pollution, we have implemented the following environmental protection
     measures:


     •    Setting up dust screens, dust-prevention walls and nets;


     •    Setting up water spraying equipment and improving the sprinkling system;


     •    Setting up dust inspection system.




44   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Emissions
The ESG Report is prepared in accordance with the Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs of the Stock
Exchange with a focus on direct emissions (Scope 1) and indirect emissions (Scope 2), whereas other indirect
emissions (Scope 3) are excluded from the Report. The Group’s main source of direct greenhouse gas emission is the
use of vehicles, and the main source of indirect emission is the electricity consumption.


To support our port logistic services, in addition to private vehicles for customers pick up, we are also equipped with
loaders, tractors, sprinkler trucks and shuttle buses. We regularly conduct routine inspection to keep the vehicles at
their optimal condition, thereby improving fuel consumption efficiency and ensuring road safety.


The Group is aware of the increasingly stringent laws and regulations in relation to environmental protection.
Therefore, we are gradually using electric machines to replace the traditional diesel-powered horizontal transport
machines at our ports with high emission. The Group has prepared a “survey on horizontal transport machine at port
and the implementation of ‘replacing diesel with electricity’” to record the progress of “replacing diesel with
electricity”.


During the Year, we generated 658.83 kg of nitrogen oxides, 48.27 kg of particulate matter emissions, 1.82 kg of
sulphur oxides and 7,669,569.20 kg of carbon dioxide (CO2) in total and the details of the emission data are set out as
follows:


 KPI — Emissions and
 greenhouse gas emissions                                           Unit                                               Data
                                                                                              Type of
 KPI1.1                        Source           2022                       2021               emissions            2022           2021
 Emissions — Vehicle emission data

                               Kilometres       230,354.13 km              219,029.68 km      Nitrogen         658.83 kg      703.53 kg
                               travelled by                                                   oxides
                               vehicles

                                                                                              Particulate       48.27 kg       53.05 kg
                                                                                              Matter
                                                                                              emissions

                               Units of fuel consumed by vehicles

                               Diesel           107,116.41 litre           103,021.24 litre   Sulphur oxides     1.82 kg        1.76 kg

                               Petrol           6,374.69 litre             7,024.94 litre




                                                       Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                           45
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



      KPI — Emissions and
      greenhouse gas emissions                                               Unit                                                Data
                                                                                                        Type of
      KPI1.2                            Source           2022                       2021                emissions             2022           2021
      Greenhouse gas emissions in total

      Scope: Direct greenhouse gas emissions from operations that are owned or controlled by the Company

      Scope 1b — Combustion of          Fuel consumption                                                Amount of emissions
      fuels in mobile sources
                                        Diesel           107,116.41 litre           103,021.24 litre                 309,064.11         309,827.17
      (e.g. motor vehicles and ships)
                                                                                                                             kg                 kg
      controlled by the reporting
      entity                            Petrol           6,374.69 litre             7,024.94 litre      CO2

      Scope 2 — Energy indirect         Purchased        12,906,374.00 kWh          14,533,405.00 kWh               7,360,505.09     8,866,830.39
      greenhouse gas emissions          electricity                                                                           kg               kg

      Total CO2 emissions for the reporting period:                                                                 7,669,569.20     9,176,657.56
                                                                                                                              kg               kg

      CO2 emission intensity for the reporting period:                                                                 35,507.26   42,682.13
                                                                                                                    kg/employee kg/employee


     During the reporting year, the greenhouse gas emission intensity decreased by 17% as compared to the previous
     year, achieving the target set in the previous year. The Group is committed to reducing greenhouse gas emissions.
     Through vehicle management measures, energy saving policies and green measures, it aims to achieve the goal of
     maintaining or reducing the total greenhouse gas emission intensity within the next reporting year based on the 2022
     benchmark.

     Waste Generation
     Waste generated by the Group arises from the ordinary operation of its office and mainly comprises paper for daily
     consumption.

     The Group endeavours to reduce waste generation. We actively promote a “paperless” work environment and adopt
     a digital operation hub to handle documents and files. Meanwhile, we regularly circulate environmental protection
     information to our employees, such as requiring employees to print on both sides and reuse paper printed on only
     one side in order to minimise paper consumption.

     Use of Resources
     The Group’s use of resources is primarily attributed to water and electricity consumption.

     Our electricity consumption is mainly for the purpose of daily operation of the Group’s office and the machines and
     equipment at the terminals. With respect to the office operation, electricity is required for maintaining the operation
     of air conditioners, computers and other office equipment. Meanwhile, our machines and delivery equipment at the
     terminals, including conveyors belts and cranes, also need electricity to drive.

     During the reporting year, the Group’s electricity consumption was 12,906,374.00 kWh (2021: 14,533,405.00 kWh), and
     the electricity consumption per capita was 59,751.73 kWh/employee (2021: 67,597.23 kWh/employee). The CO2
     emissions generated from electricity consumption are 7,360,505.09 kg (2021: 8,866,830.39 kg).


46   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



To effectively use the Group’s resources, we have taken the following measures to save electricity in the Group’s
office:


•     Switch off the lightings and electrical appliances when not in use to reduce energy consumption;


•     Maintain the indoor temperature at an optimal level and switch off the air conditioner when it is not needed;


•     Switch off the air conditioner and lightings after office hours and in idle rooms; and


•     Our staffs are required to switch their computers and other equipment into hibernation mode or turn them off
      when they leave their desk during office hours, including when paying visits to clients and during lunch hour.


We will strictly control the consumption of electricity by each machine and equipment item in order to reduce the
electricity consumption of the machines and equipment items at our terminals. Each and every production unit will,
on a regular basis, inspect and control the electricity consumption of each machine and equipment. They will actively
look into the reason when a certain machine and equipment item in a certain month consume more electricity than it
does in other months and implement corresponding measures to reduce electricity consumption of the equipment.


In addition, our equipment department will carry out regular maintenance of the machines and equipment. We have
put in place a set of maintenance specification, e.g. 1,000 hours of maintenance specification. Our equipment
department will carry out a set of maintenance procedures according to our maintenance specification when our
equipment items have been operated beyond a stipulated number of hours to ensure our equipment items are in
effective operation and reduce unnecessary use of resources.


During the reporting year, the total electricity consumption intensity decreased by 12% as compared to the previous
year, achieving the target set in the previous year. Due to the above measures, the Group has been maintaining a
relatively low level of electricity consumptions, and such consumption level does not pose significant environmental
and social impacts. However, the Group still aims at maintaining or reducing total electricity consumption intensity in
the next reporting year on the basis of year 2022.


Given the nature of the Group’s business, our consumption of water is minimal, which is primarily attributed to the
daily use of water by the staff in our office during working hours, and does not contain hazardous waste water. Our
domestic sewage is directly discharged into the municipal sewage network.


Water pipes are prone to crack in severely cold weather in winter, which may cause leakages. Therefore, our water
pipes are wrapped with anti-freezing material to avoid the threat of low temperature and in turn prevents wastage of
water resources.


The water consumption of the Group recorded an slight increase to 27,252.33 m3 (2021: 26,524.00 m3) for the Year
(water consumption per capita of 126.17 m3/staff (2021: 123.37 m3/staff)). During the reporting year, the total water
consumption intensity increased by 2% as compared to the previous year. The Group still aims at maintaining or
reducing total water consumption intensity in the next reporting year on the basis of year 2022.




                                                  Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                47
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



     The Environment and Natural Resources
     The offices of the Group in their daily operations do not have significant impacts on environment or natural resources.
     The Group has always adhered to the principle of environment and natural resources protection in the course of its
     operations, and strives to avoid causing significant impacts on the environment or over-consumption of natural
     resources.


     Climate Change
     In response to the international community’s concern on climate change, the Group has included climate change-
     related risks as one of the environmental, social and governance issues, and made relevant disclosures based on the
     recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures（氣候相關財務揭露工作小組）.


     The Group’s analysis of potential financial risks brought by climate change and response strategies are as follows:


      Risk type      Possible financial effects                     Short-term       Medium term      Long term         Response strategy
                     Low █ Medium █ High █                          (the reporting   (1 to 3 years)   (4 to 10 years)
                                                                    period)

      Physical       Acute                                                                                              Develop safety rules and contingency
      risks          Extreme weather conditions such as                                                                 plans in response to extreme weather
                     intensified floods leading to asset loss or                                                        conditions
                     supply chain interruption

                     Chronic                                                                                            Adopt energy saving policies and
                     Continuous high temperature and extreme                                                            green measures to avoid excessive
                     hot weather leading to increased electricity                                                       consumption of natural resources
                     consumption, consequently affecting
                     operation cost

      Transitional   Policies and regulations                                                                           Strictly implement emission reduction
      risk           More stringent climate policies and                                                                measures, such as vehicle
                     regulations, such as stricter power                                                                management measures, to maintain
                     constraints, may increase compliance cost                                                          a low emission level
                     and operating cost

                     Market                                                                                             Adhere to the Group’s sustainable
                     Consumers turned to be more active in                                                              development philosophy, strictly
                     environmental protection, resulting in a                                                           control services and operation
                     decrease in income                                                                                 processes to meet consumer and
                                                                                                                        market expectations


     Although the climate change risks identified by the Group do not have a significant impact on its business, the Group
     will also review the potential impact of climate change on its business annually and adopt corresponding measures to
     reduce any potential risks.




48   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



SOCIETY
Employment and Labour Standards
Overview of Human Resources
We strongly believe that employees are the crucial cornerstone of corporate growth and an indispensable part of
sustainable development. Therefore, we wish to attract and retain talents through competitive compensation and
welfare mechanism and quality promotion opportunities. The Group strives to safeguard the statutory benefits of all
of our employees, and strictly adheres to various labour laws and regulations in the PRC, including but not limited to
the PRC Labour Law (《中華人民共和國勞動法》), the PRC Labour Contract Law (《中華人民共和國勞動合同法》),
and the PRC Social Insurance Law (《中華人民共和國社會保險法》).


Furthermore, we hope to continuously enhance our service quality and increase the development opportunities for
employees. Therefore, we provide a series of training to employees to improve their knowledge regarding business
operation and safety guidelines.


During the reporting year, the Group strictly complied with the labour laws and relevant regulations in the PRC and
was not involved in any confirmed non-compliance relating to employment that would have a material impact on the
Group.


Employment
The Group has prepared the Staff Handbook in accordance with applicable labour laws and regulations, covering
various policies on human resources, including but not limited to, recruitment and promotion procedures, training,
performance assessment management, salary and benefits, working hours, leave and other vacations (including
marriage leave, bereavement leave, work-related injury leave and maternity leave).


As of 31 December 2022, the Group has in total 216 (2021: 215) employees. Details of the employees are as follows:




                                                Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                 49
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                         Total number of employees
                                                                           2022   2021


     Total number of employees                                              216   215
     By gender
     Male                                                                   195   191
     Female                                                                  21    24
     By age group
     < 25                                                                     3     0
     25–29                                                                    9     9
     30–39                                                                   54    56
     40–49                                                                   70    77
     ≥ 50                                                                    80    73
     By employment type
     Full time                                                              216   215
     Part time                                                                0     0
     By geographical region
     Mainland China                                                         215   214
     Hong Kong                                                                1     1



                                              By Gender
                                             Male        Female

                                 10%




                                                                     90%




50   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




                         By Age Group
                <25     25–29     30–39   40–49   ≥50

               1%                                 4%


                                                  25%
              37%




                                                  33%




                      By Employment Type
                          Full time   Part-time

                                                  0%




                                                  100%




                          Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED   51
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



     During the reporting year, a total of 28 (2021: 21) employees of the Group terminated their employment. The
     following sets out the statistics of employee turnover:


                                                    Employee turnover rate
                                                                                                               2022


     Total turnover rate                                                                                        13%
     By gender
     Male                                                                                                       12%
     Female                                                                                                     19%
     By age group
     < 25                                                                                                        0%
     25–29                                                                                                       0%
     30–39                                                                                                      26%
     40–49                                                                                                       7%
     ≥ 50                                                                                                       11%
     By geographical region
     Mainland China                                                                                             13%
     Hong Kong                                                                                                   0%


     Recruiting and Retaining Talents
     We believe that the Group’s business success and development depend on the contribution and devotion from our
     employees. Hence, we actively make resource investments and provide favourable compensation and benefit
     packages to attract and motivate talents. We have in place a clear incentive policy, and, based on the competence
     and performance of staff, grant rewards to them accordingly, so as to enhance employees’ motivation.


     In addition, we determine fair compensation based on employee contribution and market standards. We have
     established a comprehensive staff performance assessment mechanism to unify evaluation criteria regarding
     performance of each employee during the year, with the evaluation results linked to staff salary and annual
     performance bonus.




52   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Welfare and Leave
The Group has adopted a standardised working hour system, pursuant to which, the daily working time of employee
is kept within eight hours and the weekly working time is limited to within 40 hours. The Group ensures that the staffs
are entitled to all statutory holidays, as well as marriage, bereavement, maternity leave and paid annual leave, in strict
compliance with the national requirements. Meanwhile, we make social security contributions for all our staffs,
including unemployment, medical, maternity, work-related injury, pension and housing provident funds. In order to
ensure the personal health of employees and maintain a safe work environment, all employees are required to go
through the health check organised by the Group before induction. We genuinely care about the physical and mental
health of employees, and encourage them to participate in the sport, cultural and leisure activities organised by the
Company to stay healthy both physically and mentally.


Tolerance
The Group strives to provide an all-embracing and harmonious work environment with zero harassment or
discrimination being tolerated. All recruitment, promotion and termination decisions are solely based on performance
and carried out through fair and transparent procedures, regardless of race, skin colour, nationality, religion, gender,
age or disability. In the course of operation, we will not use illegal means of violence, threatening or activity restriction
etc. to force employees to work.


Diversity Policy
We attach great importance to the non-discrimination principle of management and strive to create a diversified
working environment. In terms of Board composition, the Group has established a Director nomination procedure
which enables the Group’s shareholders to recommend any eligible person to stand for the election of Director.


Pursuant to our board diversity policy, recommendation for Board candidates will be based on different backgrounds
and expertise, criteria of recommendation include but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational
background, professional knowledge, skills and relevant experience. Elected Directors should have certain
advantages in the above criteria and are able to bring contribution to the Board. At least one male Director and one
female Director should be included in the elected Directors in order to achieve board diversity. The Board comprises
Directors with sufficient relevant experience and from various professional backgrounds, including financial
accounting, as well as male and female members, as a result, we consider the current composition of the Board of the
Group satisfies the requirements of diversity policy. The nomination committee is responsible for conducting
continuous review on the Board composition to ensure the requirements of diversity policy are satisfied.


Save for the Board, we also implement non-discrimination and diversity policy in the working environment of general
employees. The current employee structure of the Group comprises both male and female employees, both of which
are entitled to similar career development opportunities and welfare. For instance, male and female employees are
provided with similar trainings, the average hours of completed training are generally in line for both genders during
the reporting year. We will continue to refine our diversity policy in the future, including increasing the proportion of
female in the employee structure.




                                                   Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                     53
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



     Health and Safety
     We attach great importance to occupational health and are committed to create a safe and healthy working
     environment for our staffs.


     The Group is in strict compliance with all applicable national and local laws and regulations in relation to health and
     safety, including the Work Safety Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國安全生產法》), the Law on
     Prevention and Control of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國預防控制法》) and the Law on
     Prevention and Control of Occupational Diseases (《職業病防治法》), etc.


     The Group did not have any fatalities in the past three years, including the reporting year. However, the Group
     recorded 3 cases of work-related injuries during the reporting year (2021: 3 cases). During the reporting year, the
     Group’s number of days of absence due to work-related injuries was 703 days.


     The Group has placed social insurance for all staffs in compliance with the law to ensure that those who experienced
     work-related incidents can obtain adequate medical coverage. We have held a special meeting concerning the
     incident to enhance education and reinforce the awareness of our staffs regarding protection and safety.


     In order to enhance our staffs’ safety awareness and ability to prevent accident, we have developed the Operation
     Procedures for Safety Production (《安全生產操作流程 》), which primarily comprise the details and key points for
     safety operation in each high-risk work, including operations of uploading and unloading packaged goods, clearing
     up vessels and importing bulk cargoes. In addition, our Staff Manual for Safety Production (《員工安全生產手冊》)
     has set out safety working procedures, proper wearing of labour protection items and safety operation rules for each
     production unit.


     Meanwhile, we have set up a safety committee which is responsible for organising safety training programmes and
     activities. Our safety committee will also update the Staff Manual for Safety Operation from time to time in
     accordance with applicable safety laws and regulations to ensure our operation procedures are executed in strict
     compliance with national requirement.


     Moreover, we have implemented a series of policies, so as to create a favorably comfortable and healthy work
     environment:


     •    timely maintain our machines and equipment to ensure their proper operation;


     •    ensure that all staffs are equipped with adequate labour protection items;


     •    carry out fire prevention and fire safety training and drills on a regular basis.




54   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Development and Training
We firmly believe that employees’ skills and experience are crucial cornerstones for the long-term development of
the Group, and continuing education enables our employees to remain competitive in the industry. Therefore, we
prepare Annual Training Plan every year and strive to enhance our employees’ performance by providing on-the-job
training and mentoring.


We expect to raise employees’ awareness on safety by providing a series of safe operation training. The training
includes but is not limited to delivering important tips for machine operations and safe operation procedures for
respective positions. We also hold training sessions on safety regulations for employees above the middle level to
keep them informed of major national safety laws and regulations and ensure our stringent compliance with the
related national laws and regulations in our daily operations.


In addition, we provide orientation training to newcomers and assist them to fit themselves in the new work
environment. The training includes but is not limited to corporate management system, corporate culture and safe
production and skill training. Pre-employment training also equips our employees with adequate work knowledge,
which further enhances our efficiency and work quality.


During the reporting year, the total training hours we provided to our employees amounted to 2,147 hours (2021:
2,331 hours). Statistics in respect of development and training are set out below:


                                                                                         2022               2021


Percentage of employees trained
Total employees trained                                                                  68%                45%
By gender
Male                                                                                     91%                93%
Female                                                                                    9%                 7%
By employee category
Entry-level employees                                                                    85%                83%
Middle-level employees                                                                    9%                12%
Senior-level employees                                                                    6%                 5%




                                                  Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED           55
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



                                                                                                2022                2021


     Average training hours completed per employee
     Average training hours of total employees trained                                           9.94              10.89
     By gender
     Male                                                                                       10.06              10.99
     Female                                                                                      8.79              10.13
     By employee category
     Entry-level employees                                                                       4.19               9.39
     Middle-level employees                                                                     60.45              27.32
     Senior-level employees                                                                     21.40               7.13


     Labour Standards
     The Group strives to protect human rights and comply with all relevant laws and regulations of Labour Standards.


     To avoid forced labour and child labour, we have stringent requirements on the selection of employees. When
     recruiting for positions below the management level, the Group requires applicants to provide identity card, proof of
     highest education, professional qualifications (such as work permits for technical positions) and certificate of
     resignation to verify their identity.


     In the event that the management discovered child labour or forced labour against the regulations, the Group would
     immediately terminate the labour contracts with the relevant employee, ascertain the causes and impose appropriate
     punishment on the employee responsible for the illegal employment.


     During the reporting year, there was no forced labour and child labour in the Group.


     Operating Practice
     Supply Chain Management
     As an inland terminal operator, good supply chain management is paramount to our success.


     Terminal operation mainly requires machines, equipment components and consumables (such as fuel, electricity and
     water). As such, during the Year, our main suppliers comprised fuel suppliers, conveyor belt and equipment
     components suppliers. As at 31 December 2022, we have 60 suppliers in total (2021: 38), all of them are from China.




56   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



To ensure quality, we have set up a range of standards for selecting suppliers, which includes, inter alia, (1) quality of
products; (2) capacity and reputation; (3) pricing of products; (4) timely supply of goods. Our purchasing staffs will
assess suppliers regularly based on the above standards and get rid of unqualified suppliers. Considering the
potential environmental and social impacts of the supply chain, the Group takes into account environmental
protection, occupational health and safety, labour rights and compliance with laws and regulations when selecting
potential suppliers, aiming to bring positive impacts to the entire supply chain.


Product Responsibility
As an inland terminal operator in China, we focus on the provision of port logistic services (including the uploading
and unloading of cargo, temporary storage services prior to/or after shipments and short distance land transport
services. We place great emphasis on service quality and strive to improve and enhance service quality. All the
businesses operated by the Group are in compliance with the state and regional laws and regulations in relation to
product liability, including but not limited to Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Protection of Consumer
Rights and Interests (《中華人民共和國消費者權益保護法》) and Tort Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華
人民共和國侵權責任法》).


During the reporting year, the Group had no non-compliance with relevant laws and regulations in relation to health
and safety, advertising, labeling and privacy issues.


Quality Control
The Group has set up a comprehensive quality control system, which includes the quality control policy and standard
operating procedures during our course of business to ensure the consistent quality of our services.


To ensure effective quality control, we only procure equipment components, machines and other supplies required in
our operation from recognised suppliers. The procurement department is responsible for the management of our
equipment. We select qualified suppliers with caution based on internal assessment standards (such as product
quality and pricing). Meanwhile, all the equipment will be inspected by the procurement department upon receipt to
ensure that the material and equipment purchased by the Group satisfy quality standards.


The equipment items used in port logistic services include portal cranes, belt conveyors, loaders, forklifts and
container trucks. As the aging or damage of equipment affects our quality consistency, our procurement department
performs full-dimensional inspection and maintenance on all equipment every two years and the findings of
inspection will be recorded in regular inspection reports to ensure quality standard.


The Group has set up a complaint and feedback system. Customers may provide feedbacks through calls, email or
SMS in the event that they are unsatisfied with our service quality. Upon receiving the opinion or complaint of
customers, the management will timely understand the case and take measures according to the actual situation. In
addition, the sales department will perform a customer satisfaction survey at the end of each year, to receive
customers’ feedback on the service quality of the Group. Based on the results of questionnaires, we will analyze and
review our service quality and provide corresponding trainings to employees where appropriate.


During the reporting year, the Group did not receive any complaint in relation to our product and services.




                                                  Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                   57
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



     Intellectual Property Rights
     In 2017, the Group registered the trademark and domain name for its brand “Ocean Line Port Development Limited”
     and domain name “ www.oceanlineport.com ”, and the brand and domain name has thereby been under the legal
     protection of intellectual property rights.


     During the reporting year, the Group did not encounter any incidents of controversies, disputes and claims relating
     to the intellectual property rights against any third parties.


     Privacy Policies
     We endeavor to establish long-term and trusting relationships with customers. In order to enhance the customers’
     confidence in our Group, we are committed to avoid the disclosure of confidential information of customers to third
     parties and to maintain and process the confidential information of customers prudently.


     The Group requires employees to use the computers provided by the Company only to save customer information.
     Our information management department is responsible for monitoring and ensuring the proper operation of the
     Company’s network and servers to prevent and detect any unauthorised access.


     The Group required employees to sign the “Employee Service Commitment” to undertake to abide by the
     confidentiality duties and strictly observe the Company’s confidentiality to safeguard the interests of the Group. In
     addition, the Group’s Employee Handbook set out the content and scope of confidentiality of employees,
     confidentiality obligations and liabilities for default. According to the Employee Handbook, all employees are strictly
     prohibited from leakage, illegal usage or improper utilisation of the company’s confidential information obtained
     from business or other ways. If any of the Group’s business confidential information is disclosed or copied without the
     consent of the Group, the Group will take disciplinary actions against the staff involved in accordance with the
     disciplinary provisions detailed in the Employee Handbook and reserve the right to legal proceedings.


     During the reporting year, the Group did not receive any complaints in relation to leakage of customer information.




58   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Anti-corruption
All the businesses operated by the Group are in compliance with the national and local laws and regulations
regarding the prevention of bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering, including the Criminal Law of the
People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國刑法》) and the Anti-Money Laundering Law of the People’s Republic
of China (《中華人民共和國反洗錢法》). The Group requires its employees to strictly follow the requirements of the
aforesaid ordinances in order to prevent behaviors such as bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering.


In addition, we strictly prohibit all employees from using their powers for personal interests through the violations of
laws and regulations or illegal activities such as bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering in order to promote
anti-corruption resolutely. The Group has set up a reporting and complaint channel. If any suspected case is
observed, employees are able to report to the management in absolute confidentiality by telephone, email and SMS.


To protect the Group’s interest, the Group requires employees to strictly follow the code of conduct listed in the
Employee Handbook. In addition, the Group provides relevant training to employees on a regular basis. During the
reporting year, the Group recorded 12 hours of anti-corruption training held for the directors and the corruption risk
of the Group’s business was not high. The Group will provide and fund more anti-corruption training when needed.


During the reporting year, there were no litigation cases regarding allegations against the corruption of the Group or
employees of the Group.


COMMUNITY
Community Investment
We deeply acknowledge the importance of giving back to the society and spare no effort in providing help to the
community. Due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Group did not hold any social welfare activities during
the reporting year in order to protect the health and safety of employees and the society. We will continue to explore
opportunities to invest resources and encourage our employees to participate in community activities.




                                                 Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                  59
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



     GENERAL DISCLOSURES AND KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS OF
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORTING GUIDE OF THE
     STOCK EXCHANGE:

      Item            Description                                                             Reference Section

      A. ENVIRONMENTAL

      A.1 Emissions

      General Disclosure     Information on:                                                  Emissions
                             (A)    the policies; and
                             (B)    compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have
                                    a significant impact on the issuer
                             relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions discharges into
                             water and land, and generation of hazardous and non-
                             hazardous waste.

      Key             A1.1   The types of emissions and respective emissions data.            Emissions
      Performance
                      A1.2   Direct (scope 1) and energy indirect (scope 2) greenhouse gas    Emissions
      Indicators
                             emissions and intensity.

                      A1.3   Total amount and in intensity of hazardous waste produced.       N/A

                      A1.4   Total amount and in intensity of non-hazardous waste             N/A
                             produced.

                      A1.5   Description of emission target(s) set and the steps taken to     Emissions
                             achieve them.

                      A1.6   Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are        Waste Generation
                             handled, and description of reduction target(s) set and steps
                             taken to achieve them.




60   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Item            Description                                                                 Reference Section

A2: Use of Resources

General Disclosure     Policies on the efficient use of resources, including energy,
                       water and other raw materials.

Key             A2.1   Direct and/or indirect energy consumption by type in total           Use of Resources
Performance            and intensity.
Indicators
                A2.2   Water consumption in total and intensity.                            Use of Resources

                A2.3   Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and steps         Use of Resources
                       taken to achieve them.

                A2.4   Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that     Use of Resources
                       is fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and steps taken
                       to achieve them.

                A2.5   Total packaging material used for finished products and with         N/A
                       reference to per unit produced.

A3: The Environment and Natural Resources

General Disclosure     Policies on minimising the issuer’s significant impact on the        The Environment and
                       environment and natural resources.                                   Natural Resources

Key             A3.1   Description of the significant impacts of activities on the          The Environment and
Performance            environment and natural resources and the actions taken to           Natural Resources
Indicators             manage them.

A4: Climate Change

General Disclosure     Policies on identification and mitigation of significant climate-    Climate Change
                       related issues which have impacted, and those which may
                       impact, the issuer.

Key             A4.1   Description of the significant climate-related issues which have     Climate Change
Performance            impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer, and
Indicators             responding actions.




                                              Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED            61
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



      Item             Description                                                              Reference Section

      B. SOCIAL

      B1: Employment

      General Disclosure      Information on:
                              (a)    the policies; and
                              (b)    compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have
                                     a significant impact on the issuer
                              relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and
                              promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity,
                              diversity, antidiscrimination, and other benefits and welfare.

      Key              B1.1   Total workforce by gender, employment type (e.g. full or part     Employment
      Performance             time), age group and geographical region.
      Indicators
                       B1.2   Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and                   Employment
                              geographical region.

      B2: Health and Safety

      General Disclosure      Information on:                                                   Health and Safety
                              (a)    the policies; and
                              (b)    compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have
                                     a significant impact on the issuer
                              relating to providing a safe work environment and protecting
                              employees from occupational hazards.

      Key              B2.1   Number and rate of work-related fatalities in the past three      Health and Safety
      Performance             years including the reporting year.
      Indicators
                       B2.2   Lost days due to work-related injury.                             Health and Safety

                       B2.3   Description of occupational health and safety measures            Health and Safety
                              adopted, how they are implemented and monitored.

      B3: Development and Training

      General Disclosure      Policies on improving employees’ knowledge and skills for         Development and
                              discharging duties at work. Description of training activities.   Training

      Key              B3.1   The percentage of employees trained by gender and                 Development and
      Performance             employee category (e.g. senior management, middle                 Training
      Indicators              management).

                       B3.2   The average training hours completed per employee by              Development and
                              gender and employee category.                                     Training




62   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Item            Description                                                                 Reference Section

B4: Labour Standards

General Disclosure      Information on:                                                     Labour Standards
                        (a)   the policies; and
                        (b)   compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have
                              a significant impact on the issuer
                        relating to preventing child and forced labour.

Key             B4.1    Description of measures to review employment practices to           Labour Standards
Performance             avoid child and forced labour.
Indicators
                B4.2    Description of steps taken to eliminate such practices when         Labour Standards
                        discovered.

B5: Supply Chain Management

General Disclosure      Policies on managing environmental and social risks of the          Supply Chain
                        supply chain.                                                       Management

Key             B5.1    Number of suppliers by geographical region.                         Supply Chain
Performance                                                                                 Management
Indicators
                B5.2    Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers,            Supply Chain
                        number of suppliers where the practices are being                   Management
                        implemented, how they are implemented and monitored.

                B5.3    Description of practices used to identify environmental and         Supply Chain
                        social risks along the supply chain, and how they are               Management
                        implemented and monitored.

                B5.4    Description of practices used to promote environmentally            Supply Chain
                        preferable products and services when selecting suppliers,          Management
                        and how they are implemented and monitored.

B6: Product Responsibility

General Disclosure      Information on:                                                     Product Responsibility
                        (a)   the policies; and
                        (b)   compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have
                              a significant impact on the issuer
                        relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy
                        matters relating to products and services provided and
                        methods of redress.




                                                  Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED           63
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



      Item             Description                                                                     Reference Section

      Key              B6.1       Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to recalls      N/A
      Performance                 for safety and health reasons.
      Indicators
                       B6.2       Number of products and service related complaints received           Quality Control
                                  and how they are dealt with.

                       B6.3       Description of practices relating to observing and protecting        Intellectual Property
                                  intellectual property rights.                                        Rights

                       B6.4       Description of quality assurance process and recall                  Product Responsibility
                                  procedures.

                       B6.5       Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies,        Privacy Policies
                                  how they are implemented and monitored.

      B7: Anti-corruption

      General Disclosure          Information on:                                                      Anti-corruption
                                  (a)   the policies; and
                                  (b)   compliance with relevant laws that have a significant
                                        impact on the issuer
                                  relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering.

      Key              B7.1       Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practices          Anti-corruption
      Performance                 brought against the issuer or its employees during the
      Indicators                  reporting period and the outcomes of the cases.

                       B7.2       Description of preventive measures and whistleblowing                Anti-corruption
                                  procedures, how they are implemented and monitored.

                       B7.3       Description of anti-corruption training provided to directors        Anti-corruption
                                  and staffs.

      B8: Social Responsibility

      General Disclosure          Policies on community engagement to understand the needs             Community Investment
                                  of the communities where the issuer operates and to ensure
                                  its activities take into consideration the communities’ interests.

      Key              B8.1       Focus areas of contribution (e.g. education, environmental           Community Investment
      Performance                 concerns, labour needs, health, culture, sport).
      Indicators
                       B8.2       Resources contributed (e.g. money or time) to the focus area.        Community Investment




64   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




TO THE MEMBERS OF OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Ocean Line Port Development Limited (“the Company”)
and its subsidiaries (together “the Group”) set out on pages 69 to 141, which comprise the consolidated statement
of financial position as at 31 December 2022, and the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the
consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended,
and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.


In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of
the Group as at 31 December 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for
the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the
disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the “Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the
Consolidated Financial Statements” section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the
HKICPA’s “Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants” (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of
the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
separate opinion on these matters.


Valuation of investment properties
Refer to notes 4.5, 5(c) and note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.


Management estimated the fair value of the Group’s investment properties to be approximately RMB75,000,000 as at
31 December 2022, with a fair value gain of approximately RMB780,000 recognised in the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income for the year then ended.




                                                  Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                  65
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



     KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)
     Valuation of investment properties (continued)
     Management has engaged an independent professional valuer (the “Management Expert”) to assist in performing
     the fair value measurement of the investment properties. In determining the fair value, the Management Expert has
     based on a method of valuation which involves certain estimates of market condition. The valuation of the Group’s
     investment properties are dependent on certain key assumptions and estimations that require significant
     management judgement.


     We identified valuation of the investment properties as a key audit matter because the valuation was inherently
     subjective and requires significant management judgement and estimation and significant changes in these estimates
     could result in material changes to the valuation of the investment properties.


     Our responses:


     Our procedures in relation to this key audit matter included:


     •    Evaluating the appropriateness of the valuation methodologies and the reasonableness of the key assumptions
          used in the valuation of the fair value of the investment properties;


     •    Evaluating the reliability of the inputs used in the valuation;


     •    Involving an auditor’s expert to assist our assessment on the reasonableness and appropriateness of the
          valuation methodologies and the key assumptions used in the valuation of the fair value of the major investment
          properties; and


     •    Evaluating the competence, capabilities and objectivity of the Management Expert and auditor’s expert.


     OTHER INFORMATION IN THE ANNUAL REPORT
     The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in
     the Company’s annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report
     thereon.


     Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
     any form of assurance conclusion thereon.


     In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
     information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
     financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based
     on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
     required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.




66   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
The directors are responsible for the preparation of consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in
accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no
realistic alternative but to do so.


The directors are also responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process. The Audit Committee
assists the directors in discharging their responsibility in this regard.


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion. This report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with the terms of our engagement, and for no
other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of
this report.


Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.


As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:


•     identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
      fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
      sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
      resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery,
      intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


•     obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
      appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
      Group’s internal control.


•     evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
      related disclosures made by the directors.


                                                    Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED               67
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



     AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
     •        conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
              the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
              significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
              uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the
              consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions
              are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or
              conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.


     •        evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
              disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
              events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.


     •        obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
              activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible
              for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
              opinion.


     We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
     audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our
     audit.


     We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
     regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
     thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards
     applied.


     From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the
     audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We
     describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter
     or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report
     because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
     benefits of such communication.




     BDO Limited
     Certified Public Accountants
     Cheung Wing Yin
     Practising Certificate Number P06946


     Hong Kong, 23 March 2023



68   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                                      2022           2021
                                                                       Notes       RMB’000        RMB’000

Revenue                                                                 7(a)        187,377        165,837
Cost of services rendered                                                            (72,244)       (68,152)

Gross profit                                                                        115,133          97,685
Other income and gains, net                                             7(b)         12,392          12,197
Change in fair value of investment properties                            15              780          2,930
Selling and distribution expenses                                                     (1,014)          (954)
Administrative expenses                                                             (19,563)        (17,544)
Finance costs                                                            8                (41)          (65)

Profit before income tax                                                9           107,687          94,249
Income tax expense                                                      11          (20,234)        (14,749)

Profit for the year                                                                  87,453         79,500

Other comprehensive income:

Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Change in fair value of equity investment at fair value through
   other comprehensive income                                                         (1,730)           64

Other comprehensive income for the year                                               (1,730)           64

Total comprehensive income for the year                                              85,723         79,564


Profit for the year attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                                                64,092         57,206
Non-controlling interests                                                            23,361         22,294

                                                                                     87,453         79,500


Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                                                62,846         57,252
Non-controlling interests                                                            22,877         22,312

                                                                                     85,723         79,564


                                                                                  RMB cents      RMB cents

Earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company
— Basic and diluted earnings per share                                  13              8.01           7.15




                                                   Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED    69
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
     As at 31 December 2022




                                                                                     2022      2021
                                                                          Notes   RMB’000   RMB’000


     ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
     Non-current assets
     Property, plant and equipment                                         14     417,373   426,369
     Investment properties                                                 15      75,000    73,520
     Equity investment at fair value through other comprehensive income    16      17,838     4,568
     Deposits and prepayments                                              20       1,709     1,687


                                                                                  511,920   506,144


     Current assets
     Inventories                                                           17       2,062     1,678
     Trade receivables                                                     18       5,157     4,426
     Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income     19       1,185         –
     Deposits, prepayments and other receivables                           20       4,039     5,062
     Time deposit                                                          21      35,328         –
     Cash and cash equivalents                                             21     253,465   231,151


                                                                                  301,236   242,317


     Current liabilities
     Trade payables                                                        22       9,245     8,611
     Contract liabilities                                                  23      41,712    47,797
     Other payables, accruals and receipt in advance                       24      89,458    87,989
     Lease liabilities                                                     25         497       427
     Due to a non-controlling interest                                     28           –     1,017
     Deferred government grant                                             29         890       890
     Income tax payable                                                             9,193     6,324


                                                                                  150,995   153,055


     Net current assets                                                           150,241    89,262


     Total assets less current liabilities                                        662,161   595,406




70   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
As at 31 December 2022




                                                                                         2022       2021
                                                                   Notes          RMB’000        RMB’000


Non-current liabilities
Deferred government grant                                           29               31,644       32,534
Lease liabilities                                                   25                       –       453
Deferred tax liabilities                                           11(b)                 4,546     6,342


                                                                                     36,190       39,329


Net assets                                                                         625,971       556,077


EQUITY
Share capital                                                       30                   6,758     6,758
Reserves                                                            31             465,266       402,420


Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                       472,024       409,178
Non-controlling interests                                                          153,947       146,899


Total equity                                                                       625,971       556,077


On behalf of the directors




                           Kwai Sze Hoi                                    Huang Xueliang
                             Director                                         Director




                                               Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED    71
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                                              Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                                                                                      Assets            Fair                               Non-
                                             Share          Share        Capital        Special      Statutory         Other     revaluation          value    Retained               controlling
                                            capital     premium          reserve        reserve        reserve        reserve         reserve       reserve    earnings    Subtotal     interests      Total
                                          RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000
                                          (Note 30)   (Note 31(a))   (Note 31(e))   (Note 31(b))   (Note 31(c))   (Note 31(d))   (Note 31(f))   (Note 31(g))


     At 1 January 2021                       6,758         50,277            369          6,154         66,265        176,540            376           (357)     45,544    351,926       125,604     477,530


     Profit for the year                         –              –              –              –              –              –              –              –      57,206     57,206        22,294      79,500


     Other comprehensive income:
     Change in fair value of equity
       investment at fair value through
       other comprehensive income                –              –              –              –              –              –              –             46           –         46            18          64


     Total other comprehensive income            –              –              –              –              –              –              –             46           –         46            18          64


     Total comprehensive income                  –              –              –              –              –              –              –             46      57,206     57,252        22,312      79,564


     Transfer to statutory reserve               –              –              –              –         17,318              –              –              –     (17,318)         –              –           –
     Appropriations to reserve                   –              –              –          1,437              –              –              –              –      (1,437)         –              –           –
     Dividends declared to
       non-controlling interests
       (note 38)                                 –              –              –              –              –              –              –              –           –          –         (1,017)     (1,017)


     At 31 December 2021                     6,758         50,277            369          7,591         83,583        176,540            376           (311)     83,995    409,178       146,899     556,077




72   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                                     Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                                                                             Assets        Fair                                 Non-
                                        Share         Share        Capital      Special     Statutory        Other    revaluation         value    Retained                controlling
                                       capital     premium        reserve       reserve       reserve       reserve          reserve    reserve    earnings    Subtotal      interests      Total
                                     RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000
                                     (Note 30)   (Note 31(a)) (Note 31(e)) (Note 31(b))   (Note 31(c)) (Note 31(d))   (Note 31(f)) (Note 31(g))


At 1 January 2022                       6,758        50,277           369         7,591       83,583       176,540              376        (311)    83,995     409,178       146,899     556,077


Profit for the year                          –            –             –             –             –             –               –           –     64,092      64,092         23,361     87,453


Other comprehensive income:
Change in fair value of equity
  investment at fair value through
  other comprehensive income                 –            –             –             –             –             –               –      (1,246)          –      (1,246)         (484)     (1,730)


Total other comprehensive income             –            –             –             –             –             –               –      (1,246)          –      (1,246)         (484)     (1,730)


Total comprehensive income                   –            –             –             –             –             –               –      (1,246)    64,092      62,846         22,877     85,723


Transfer to statutory reserve                –            –             –             –       17,388              –               –           –     (17,388)          –             –           –
Appropriations to reserve                    –            –             –         1,420             –             –               –           –      (1,420)          –             –           –
Dividends declared to
  non-controlling interests
  (note 38)                                  –            –             –             –             –             –               –           –           –           –       (15,879)    (15,879)
Capital injection by
  non-controlling interests                  –            –             –             –             –             –               –           –           –           –            50         50


At 31 December 2022                     6,758        50,277           369         9,011      100,971       176,540              376      (1,557)   129,279     472,024       153,947     625,971




                                                                                    Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                                                         73
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                                2022        2021
                                                                     Notes   RMB’000     RMB’000


     Cash flows from operating activities
     Profit before income tax                                                107,687      94,249
     Adjustments for:
     Interest income                                                 7(b)      (4,788)     (2,797)
     Interest expense                                                  8          41          65
     Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                     9      23,403      27,392
     Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment                 9          (16)      (133)
     Change in fair value of investment properties                    15         (780)     (2,930)
     Amortisation of deferred government grant                         9         (890)      (890)


     Net cash inflow generated from operating activities before
       movements in working capital                                          124,657     114,956
     (Increase)/decrease in inventories                                          (384)       108
     Increase in trade receivables                                               (731)     (3,330)
     (Increase)/decrease in debt instruments at fair value through
       other comprehensive income                                              (1,185)     2,690
     Increase in trade payables                                                  634         663
     Decrease in deposits, prepayments and other receivables                     844       6,268
     (Decrease)/increase in contract liabilities                               (6,085)     2,451
     Increase in other payables, accruals and receipt in advance               1,469      15,379


     Cash generated from operations                                          119,219     139,185
     Income tax paid                                                          (19,161)     (9,403)


     Net cash generated from operating activities                            100,058     129,782




74   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
For the year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                                      2022          2021
                                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000


Cash flows from investing activities
Payments for additions of property, plant and equipment                             (14,371)      (20,268)
Payment incurred for investment properties                                             (543)       (7,501)
Prepayment for leasehold land                                                             –          (336)
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                 44              –
Investment in equity investment at fair value through
  other comprehensive income                                                        (15,000)            –
Placement of time deposit                                                           (35,328)            –
Interest received                                                                    4,788          2,797


Net cash used in investing activities                                               (60,410)      (25,308)


Cash flows from financing activities
Repayment of principal portion of the lease liabilities                                (447)         (408)
Repayment of interest portion of the lease liabilities                                  (41)          (65)
Capital injection by non-controlling interests                                          50          5,600
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                         (16,896)         (973)


Net cash (used in)/generated from financing activities                              (17,334)        4,154


Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                           22,314        108,628


Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                                 231,151        122,523


Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                                       253,465        231,151


Analysis of balances of cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents with an original maturity of
  three months or less:
  — Cash deposits at banks and on hand                                             236,462        216,840
  — Short-term deposit in a bank                                                    17,003         14,311


                                                                                   253,465        231,151




                                                  Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED   75
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




     1. GENERAL INFORMATION AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION
          Ocean Line Port Development Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated as an exempted company with
          limited liability in the Cayman Islands on 30 October 2017. The address of the Company’s registered office is
          Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, P.O. Box 2681, Grand Cayman KY1-1111, Cayman Islands. The principal place of
          business of the Company is located at Room 2715-16, 27th Floor, Hong Kong Plaza, 188 Connaught Road West,
          Hong Kong.


          The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The Group is principally engaged in port operation
          in Chizhou City, Anhui Province, the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”). Details of the principal activities of
          the Company’s subsidiaries are set out in note 40 to the consolidated financial statements. The Company and
          its subsidiaries are collectively referred to as the “Group” hereafter.


          In the opinion of the directors, the Company’s immediate and ultimate parent is Vital Force Development
          Limited (“Vital Force”), a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands (the “BVI”) and its ultimate
          controlling parties are Mr. Kwai Sze Hoi (“Mr. Kwai”) and his spouse Ms. Cheung Wai Fung (“Ms. Cheung”).


          The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 were approved and authorised for
          issue by the board of directors on 23 March 2023.


     2. ADOPTION OF HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
        (“HKFRSs”)
          (a) Adoption of revised HKFRSs — effective 1 January 2022
                The Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) has issued a number of amended
                HKFRSs that are first effective for the current accounting period of the Group:


                Amendments to HKAS 16                       Proceeds before Intended Use
                Amendments to HKAS 37                       Onerous Contracts — Cost of Fulfilling a Contract
                Amendments to HKFRS 3                       Reference to the Conceptual Framework
                Amendments to HKFRS 16                      COVID-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021
                Annual Improvements to                      Amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 9, Illustrative Examples
                  HKFRSs 2018–2020                             accompanying HKFRS 16, and HKAS 41

                None of these amended HKFRSs has a material impact on the Group’s results and financial position for
                the current or prior period. The Group has not early applied any new or amended HKFRSs that is not yet
                effective for the current accounting period.




76   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2022




2. ADOPTION OF HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
   (“HKFRSs”) (continued)
     (b) New or revised HKFRSs that have been issued but are not yet effective
           The following new or revised HKFRSs have been issued, but are not yet effective and have not been early
           adopted by the Group. The Group’s current intention is to apply these changes on the date they become
           effective.


           Amendments to HKAS 1                              Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and HK
                                                                Interpretation 5 (Revised), Presentation of Financial Statements
                                                                — Classification by the Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains
                                                                a Repayment on Demand Clause2
           Amendments to HKAS 1                              Non-current Liabilities with Covenants2
           Amendments to HKAS 1 and                          Disclosure of Accounting Policies1
               HKFRS Practice Statement 2
           Amendments to HKAS 8                              Definition of Accounting Estimates1
           Amendments to HKAS 12                             Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a
                                                                Single Transaction1
           Amendments to HKFRS 10 and                        Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
               HKAS 28                                          Associate or Joint Venture3
           Amendments to HKFRS 16                            Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback2

           1
                  Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023.
           2
                  Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024.
           3
                  The amendments shall be applied prospectively to the sale or contribution of assets occurring in annual periods beginning on or
                  after a date to be determined.


           Amendments to HKAS 1 — Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and HK Interpretation
           5 (Revised), Presentation of Financial Statements — Classification by the Borrower of a Term Loan that
           Contains a Repayment on Demand Clause
           The amendments clarify that the classification of liabilities as current or non-current is based on rights that
           are in existence at the end of the reporting period, specify that classification is unaffected by expectations
           about whether an entity will exercise its right to defer settlement of a liability and explain that rights are in
           existence if covenants are complied with at the end of the reporting period. The amendments also
           introduce a definition of ‘settlement’ to make clear that settlement refers to the transfer to the
           counterparty of cash, equity instruments, other assets or services.


           HK Int 5 (Revised) was revised in October 2020 as a consequence of the Amendments to HKAS 1 issued in
           August 2020. The revision to HK Int 5 (Revised) updates the wordings in the interpretation to align with
           the Amendments to HKAS 1 with no change in conclusion and do not change the existing requirements.




                                                          Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                                  77
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




     2. ADOPTION OF HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
        (“HKFRSs”) (continued)
          (b) New or revised HKFRSs that have been issued but are not yet effective (continued)
                Amendments to HKAS 1 — Non-current Liabilities with Covenants
                The amendments further clarify that among covenants of a liability arising from a loan agreement, only
                those with which an entity must comply on or before the reporting date affect the classification of that
                liability as current or non-current. In addition, the 2022 Amendments require additional disclosures by an
                entity that classifies liabilities arising from loan arrangements as non-current when it has a right to defer
                settlement of those liabilities that are subject to the entity complying with future covenants within 12
                months after the reporting period.


                Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKFRS Practice Statement 2 — Disclosure of Accounting Policies
                The amendments to HKAS 1 require companies to disclose their material accounting policy information
                rather than their significant accounting policies. The amendments to HKFRS Practice Statement 2 provide
                guidance on how to apply the concept of materiality to accounting policy disclosures.


                Amendments to HKAS 8 — Definition of Accounting Estimates
                The amendments clarify how companies should distinguish changes in accounting policies from changes
                in accounting estimates. That distinction is important because changes in accounting estimates are
                applied prospectively only to future transactions and other future events, but changes in accounting
                policies are generally also applied retrospectively to past transactions and other past events.


                Amendments to HKAS 12 — Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single
                Transaction
                In specified circumstances, companies are exempt from recognising deferred tax when they recognise
                assets or liabilities for the first time. Previously, there had been some uncertainty about whether the
                exemption applied to transactions such as leases and decommissioning obligations — transactions for
                which companies recognise both an asset and a liability.




78   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2022




2. ADOPTION OF HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
   (“HKFRSs”) (continued)
     (b) New or revised HKFRSs that have been issued but are not yet effective (continued)
           Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 — Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
           Associate or Joint Venture
           The amendments clarify with situations where there is a sale or contribution of assets between an investor
           and its associate or joint venture. When the transaction with an associate or joint venture that is accounted
           for using the equity method, any gains or losses resulting from the loss of control of a subsidiary that does
           not contain a business are recognised in the profit or loss only to the extent of the unrelated investors’
           interests in that associate or joint venture. Similarly, any gains or losses resulting from the remeasurement
           of retained interest in any former subsidiary (that has become an associate or a joint venture) to fair value
           are recognised in the profit or loss only to the extent of the unrelated investors’ interests in the new
           associate or joint venture.


           Amendments to HKFRS 16 — Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback
           The amendments add subsequent measurement requirements for sale and leaseback transactions that
           satisfy the requirements of HKFRS 15 to be accounted for as a sale. The amendments require a seller-
           lessee to determine “lease payments” or “revised lease payments” such that the seller-lessee would not
           recognize a gain or loss that relates to the right of use retained by the seller-lessee. The amendments also
           clarify that applying the requirements does not prevent the seller-lessee from recognising in profit or loss
           any gain or loss relating to subsequent partial or full termination of a lease.


           The directors anticipate that all of the relevant pronouncements will be adopted in the Group’s
           accounting policy for the first period beginning after the effective date of the pronouncement. The
           directors are currently assessing the possible effect of these new or revised standards on the Group’s
           results and financial position in the first year of application. Except for the above amendments which may
           result in significant changes in disclosures for accounting policies in the consolidated financial statements,
           other new or revised HKFRSs that have been issued but are not yet effective are unlikely to have material
           impact on the Group’s results and financial position upon application.




                                                  Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                  79
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




     3. BASIS OF PREPARATION
          (a) Basis of compliance
                The consolidated financial statements on pages 69 to 141 have been prepared in accordance with all
                applicable HKFRSs, Hong Kong Accounting standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations and the disclosure
                requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. In addition, the consolidated financial statements
                include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on GEM of the
                Stock Exchange.


          (b) Basis of measurement
                The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except
                for investment properties, debt instruments and equity investment at fair value through other
                comprehensive income (“FVOCI”) which are measured at fair value. The measurement bases are fully
                described in the accounting policies below.


                Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and
                services.


                Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
                transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is
                directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset
                or a liability, the Group takes into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants
                would take those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date.
                Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these consolidated financial statements is
                determined on such a basis, except for share-based payment transactions that are within the scope of
                HKFRS 2 Share-based Payment, leasing transactions that are accounted for in accordance with HKFRS 16,
                and measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net realisable
                value in HKAS 2 Inventories or value in use in HKAS 36 Impairment of Assets.


                It should be noted that accounting estimates and assumptions are used in preparation of the consolidated
                financial statements. Although these estimates are based on management’s best knowledge and
                judgement of current events and actions, actual results may ultimately differ from those estimates. The
                areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates
                are significant to the consolidated financial statements are disclosed in note 5.


          (c)   Functional and presentation currency
                The functional currency of the Company is Hong Kong Dollars, while the consolidated financial statements
                are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”). As the functional currency of the major subsidiaries of the Group is
                RMB, the directors consider that it will be more appropriate to adopt RMB as the Group’s and the
                Company’s presentation currency. All values are rounded to the nearest thousand except when otherwise
                indicated.




80   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2022




4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     4.1 Basis of consolidation
           The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of the Company and its
           subsidiaries. Inter-company transactions and balances between group companies together with unrealised
           profits are eliminated in full in preparing the consolidated financial statements. Unrealised losses are also
           eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of impairment on the asset transferred, in which case
           the loss is recognised in profit or loss.


           The results of subsidiaries acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated
           statement of comprehensive income from the effective dates of acquisition or up to the effective dates of
           disposal, as appropriate. Where necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of
           subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies in line with those used by other members of the Group.


           Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position within equity,
           separately from equity attributable to owners of the Company. Profit or loss and each component of other
           comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests.
           Total comprehensive income is attributed to such non-controlling interests even if this results in those
           non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.


     4.2 Subsidiaries
           A subsidiary is an investee over which the Company is able to exercise control. The Company controls an
           investee if all three of the following elements are present: power over the investee, exposure, or rights, to
           variable returns from the investee, and the ability to use its power to affect those variable returns. Control
           is reassessed whenever facts and circumstances indicate that there may be a change in any of these
           elements of control.


     4.3 Segment information
           The Group identifies operating segments and prepares segment information based on the regular internal
           financial information reported to the executive directors of the Company, who are the chief operating
           decision makers, for their decisions about resources allocation to the Group’s business components and
           for their review of the performance of those components.




                                                   Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                 81
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




     4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
          4.4 Property, plant and equipment
                Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated
                impairment losses. The cost of an asset comprises its purchase price and any directly attributable costs of
                bringing the asset to the working condition and location for its intended use. Subsequent costs are
                included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is
                probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the
                item can be measured reliably. All other costs, such as repairs and maintenance costs, are charged to
                profit or loss during the financial period in which they are incurred.


                Property, plant and equipment are depreciated so as to write off their cost, other than construction in
                progress, net of expected residual value, over their estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis. The
                useful lives, residual value and depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end
                of each reporting period. The useful lives are as follows:


                Terminal facilities                         The shorter of the lease term and 25–30 years
                Buildings                                   The shorter of the lease term and 10–40 years
                Port machinery and equipment                8–12 years
                Vessels                                     25 years
                Motor vehicles                              5–8 years
                Furniture and office equipment              5 years
                Leasehold improvements                      The shorter of the lease terms and 5-30 years
                Right-of-use assets                         The shorter of assets’ useful life and the lease terms

                The gain or loss arising on retirement or disposal is determined as the difference between the sales
                proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in the consolidated statement of
                comprehensive income.


                Construction in progress is stated at cost less impairment losses. Cost comprises direct costs of
                construction as well as borrowing costs capitalised during the periods of construction and installation.
                Capitalisation of these costs ceases and the construction in progress is transferred to the appropriate
                class of property, plant and equipment when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the assets
                for their intended use are completed. No depreciation is provided for in respect of construction in
                progress until it is completed and ready for its intended use.


                An asset is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if its carrying amount is higher than the
                asset’s estimated recoverable amount.




82   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2022




4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     4.5 Investment property
           Investment property is held either to earn rentals or for capital appreciation or for both, but not held for
           sale in the ordinary course of business, use in the production or supply of goods or services or for
           administrative purposes. Investment property is measured at cost on initial recognition and subsequently
           at fair value with any change therein recognised in profit or loss.


     4.6 Leasing
           All leases (irrespective of they are operating leases or finance leases) are capitalised in the consolidated
           statement of financial position as right-of-use assets and lease liabilities.


           (i)    Right-of-use asset
                  The right-of-use asset is recognised at cost, which comprise: (i) the amount of the initial
                  measurement of the lease liability (see below for the accounting policy to account for lease liability);
                  (ii) any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives
                  received; (iii) any initial direct costs incurred by the lessee and (iv) an estimate of costs to be incurred
                  by the lessee in dismantling and removing the underlying asset to the condition required by the
                  terms and conditions of the lease, unless those costs are incurred to produce inventories. The Group
                  measures the right-of-use assets applying a cost model. Under the cost model, the Group measures
                  the right to use at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses, and adjusted
                  for any remeasurement of lease liability. For right-of-use asset that meets the definition of an
                  investment property, they are carried at fair value.


                  The Group accounts for certain leasehold land and buildings that are held for rental or capital
                  appreciation purpose under HKAS 40 and are carried at fair value at subsequent reporting dates.


                  Right-of-use assets in which the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the underlying
                  leased assets at the end of the lease term are depreciated from commencement date to the end of
                  the useful life. Otherwise, right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter
                  of its estimated useful life and the lease term.


                  The Group presents right-of-use assets in “property, plant and equipment”, the same line item
                  within which the corresponding underlying assets would be presented if they were owned.


           (ii)   Lease liability
                  The lease liability is recognised at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the
                  date of commencement of the lease. The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate
                  implicit in the lease, if that rate can be readily determined. If that rate cannot be readily determined,
                  the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate of the particular lessee.




                                                    Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                     83
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




     4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
          4.6 Leasing (continued)
                (ii)    Lease liability (continued)
                        The following payments for the right to use the underlying asset during the lease term that are not
                        paid at the commencement date of the lease are considered to be lease payments: (i) fixed
                        payments less any lease incentives receivable; (ii) variable lease payments that depend on an index
                        or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at commencement date; (iii) amounts expected
                        to be payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees; (iv) the exercise price of a purchase
                        option if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option and (v) payments of penalties for
                        terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the lessee exercising an option to terminate the
                        lease.


                        Subsequent to the commencement date, the Group measures the lease liability by: (i) increasing the
                        carrying amount to reflect interest on the lease liability; (ii) reducing the carrying amount to reflect
                        the lease payments made; and (iii) remeasuring the carrying amount to reflect any reassessment or
                        lease modifications, e.g., a change in future lease payments arising from change in an index or rate,
                        a change in the lease term, a change in the in substance fixed lease payments or a change in
                        assessment to purchase the underlying asset.


                        The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of
                        financial position.


                        Lease modification
                        The Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if: (i) the modification increases the
                        scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying assets; and (ii) the
                        consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone price for
                        the increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to reflect the
                        circumstances of the particular contract.


                        For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the
                        lease liability based on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting the revised lease
                        payments using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.


                (iii)   Accounting as a lessor
                        The Group has leased out its investment properties to a number of tenants. Rental income from
                        operating leases is recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the term of the relevant
                        lease. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the
                        carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised as an expense on the straight-line basis over
                        the lease term.




84   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2022




4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     4.7 Revenue recognition
           Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of goods or services is transferred to
           the customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in
           exchange for those goods or services, excluding those amounts collected on behalf of third parties.
           Revenue excludes value added tax or other sales taxes and is after deduction of any trade discounts.


           Depending on the terms of the contract and the laws that apply to the contract, control of the goods or
           service may be transferred over time or at a point in time. Control of the goods or service is transferred
           over time if the Group’s performance:


           •     provides all of the benefits received and consumed simultaneously by the customer;


           •     creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs; or


           •     does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an enforceable
                 right to payment for performance completed to date.


           If control of the goods or services transfers over time, revenue is recognised over the period of the
           contract by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of that performance obligation.
           Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the goods or
           service.


           Where the contract contains a financing component which provides a significant financing benefit to the
           Group, revenue recognised under that contract includes the interest expense accreted on the contract
           liability under the effective interest method. For contracts where the period between the payment and the
           transfer of the promised goods or services is one year or less, the transaction price is not adjusted for the
           effects of a significant financing component, using the practical expedient in HKFRS 15.


           (a)   Provision of port services
                 i.   Container and cargo handling services
                      Revenue is recognised at a point in time when handling services are delivered to the
                      customers. Storage service included in general port service contracts is provided to customers
                      to store their goods temporarily prior to/or after shipments, and it is supplementary service for
                      assisting the handling service of container, general and bulk cargos. Considering the customer
                      cannot benefit from storage service by standalone, it is not considered a performance
                      obligation to be separately accounted for.




                                                 Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                  85
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




     4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
          4.7 Revenue recognition (continued)
                (a)   Provision of port services (continued)
                      ii.   Ancillary port services
                            Included in ancillary port services, revenue from transportation service is recognised over time
                            in the accounting period in which the service are rendered. Revenue is recognised over time
                            when the Group transfers the control of the services over time, based on actual service
                            provided to the end of the reporting period as a proportion of the total services to be
                            provided, because the customer receives and uses the benefits simultaneously. Revenue from
                            provision of other ancillary port services is recognised at a point in time when the services are
                            rendered.


                      Invoices for port services are issued on a monthly basis upon completion of service. Customers are
                      usually offered with a credit period ranging from 10 days to 55 days from the date of issue of the
                      invoice. For certain customers, they are required to pay the port services fee before rendering of
                      port services by the Group. A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer services
                      to a customer for which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due)
                      from the customer.


                      A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer services to a customer for which the
                      Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.


                (b)   Interest income
                      Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method, which is the rate that exactly
                      discounts the estimated future cash receipts through the expected life of the financial instrument or
                      a shorter period, where appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.


                (c)   Rental income
                      Rental income under operating leases is recognised on a straight-line basis over the term of the
                      relevant lease.




86   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2022




4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     4.8 Financial Instruments
           (i)   Financial assets
                 A financial asset (unless it is a trade receivable without a significant financing component) is initially
                 measured at fair value plus, for an item not at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”), transaction
                 costs that are directly attributable to its acquisition or issue. A trade receivable without a significant
                 financing component is initially measured at the transaction price.


                 All regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade date, that is, the
                 date that the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Regular way purchases or sales are
                 purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally
                 established by regulation or convention in the market place.


                 Debt instruments
                 Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for
                 managing the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are two measurement
                 categories into which the Group classifies its debt instruments:


                 Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows
                 represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost. Financial assets
                 at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest rate method. Interest
                 income, foreign exchange gains and losses and impairment are recognised in profit or loss. Any gain
                 or loss on derecognition is recognised in profit or loss.


                 FVOCI: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the financial
                 assets, where the assets’ cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest, are
                 measured at FVOCI. Debt investments at FVOCI are subsequently measured at fair value. Interest
                 income calculated using the effective interest rate method, foreign exchange gains and losses and
                 impairment are recognised in profit or loss. Other net gains and losses are recognised in other
                 comprehensive income. On derecognition, gains and losses accumulated in other comprehensive
                 income are reclassified to profit or loss.


                 Equity instruments
                 On initial recognition of an equity investment that is not held for trading, the Group could
                 irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in the investment’s fair value in other
                 comprehensive income. This election is made on an investment-by-investment basis. Equity
                 instruments at FVOCI are measured at fair value. Dividend income are recognised in profit or loss
                 unless the dividend income clearly represents a recovery of part of the cost of the investments.
                 Other net gains and losses are recognised in other comprehensive income and are not reclassified
                 to profit or loss. All other equity instruments are classified as FVTPL, whereby changes in fair value,
                 dividends and interest income are recognised in profit or loss.




                                                  Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                    87
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




     4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
          4.8 Financial Instruments (continued)
                (ii)   Impairment loss on financial assets
                       The Group recognises loss allowances for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for trade receivables,
                       financial assets measured at amortised cost and debt investments measured at FVOCI. The ECLs are
                       measured on either of the following bases: (1) 12-month ECLs: these are the ECLs that result from
                       possible default events within the 12 months after the reporting date; and (2) lifetime ECLs: these
                       are ECLs that result from all possible default events over the expected life of a financial instrument.
                       The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over
                       which the Group is exposed to credit risk.


                       ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the
                       difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in accordance with the
                       contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive. The shortfall is then discounted at
                       an approximation to the assets’ original effective interest rate.


                       The Group has elected to measure loss allowances for trade receivables using HKFRS 9 simplified
                       approach and has calculated ECLs based on lifetime ECLs. The Group has established a provision
                       matrix that is based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking
                       factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment.


                       For other debt financial assets, the ECLs are based on the 12-month ECLs. However, when there has
                       been a significant increase in credit risk since origination, the allowance will be based on the lifetime
                       ECLs.


                       When determining whether the credit risk of a financial asset has increased significantly since initial
                       recognition and when estimating ECLs, the Group considers reasonable and supportable
                       information that is relevant and available without undue cost or effort. This includes both
                       quantitative and qualitative information analysis, based on the Group’s historical experience and
                       informed credit assessment and including forward-looking information.


                       The Group assumes that the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly if it is more
                       than 30 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that
                       demonstrates otherwise.


                       The Group considers a financial asset to be credit-impaired when: (1) the borrower is unlikely to pay
                       its credit obligations to the Group in full, without recourse by the Group to actions such as realising
                       security (if any is held); or (2) the financial asset is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has
                       reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is
                       more appropriate.




88   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2022




4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     4.8 Financial Instruments (continued)
           (ii)    Impairment loss on financial assets (continued)
                   Depending on the nature of the financial instruments, the assessment of a significant increase in
                   credit risk is performed on an individual basis. When the assessment is performed on a collective
                   basis, the financial instruments are grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics, such as past
                   due status and credit risk ratings.


                   The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments with a
                   corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account, except for
                   investments in debt instruments that are measured at FVOCI, for which the loss allowance is
                   recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in “Fair value reserve (recycling)”.


                   The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the debtor is in
                   severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery. Financial assets written off
                   may still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into
                   account legal advice where appropriate. Any recoveries made are recognised in profit or loss.


                   Interest income on credit-impaired financial assets is calculated based on the amortised cost (i.e. the
                   gross carrying amount less loss allowance) of the financial asset. For non credit-impaired financial
                   assets interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount.


           (iii)   Financial liabilities
                   The Group classifies its financial liabilities, depending on the purpose for which the liabilities were
                   incurred. Financial liabilities at amortised costs are initially measured at fair value, net of directly
                   attributable costs incurred.


                   Financial liabilities at amortised cost
                   Financial liabilities at amortised cost including trade payables, other payables and accruals, and due
                   to a non-controlling interest, are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective
                   interest method. The related interest expense is recognised in profit or loss.


                   Gains or losses are recognised in profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as well as
                   through the amortisation process.


           (iv)    Effective interest method
                   The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or
                   financial liability and of allocating interest income or interest expense over the relevant period. The
                   effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts or payments
                   through the expected life of the financial asset or liability, or where appropriate, a shorter period.




                                                     Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                 89
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




     4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
          4.8 Financial Instruments (continued)
                (v)   Derecognition
                      The Group derecognises a financial asset when the contractual rights to the future cash flows in
                      relation to the financial asset expire or when the financial asset has been transferred and the transfer
                      meets the criteria for derecognition in accordance with HKFRS 9.


                      Financial liabilities are derecognised when the obligation specified in the relevant contract is
                      discharged, cancelled or expires.


          4.9 Cash and cash equivalents
                Cash and cash equivalents include cash at bank and in hand, and short-term highly liquid investments with
                original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible into know amounts of cash which
                are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.


          4.10 Inventories
                Inventories are initially recognised at cost, and subsequently at the lower of cost and net realisable value.
                Cost comprises all costs of purchase, costs of conversion and other costs incurred in bringing the
                inventories to their present location and condition. Cost is calculated using the first-in first out method.
                Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the
                estimated costs necessary to make the sale.


          4.11 Accounting for income tax
                Income taxes for the year comprise current tax and deferred tax.


                Current tax is based on the profit or loss from ordinary activities adjusted for items that are non-assessable
                or disallowable for income tax purposes and is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or
                substantively enacted at the end of reporting period. The amount of current tax payable or receivable is
                the best estimate of the tax amount expected to be paid or received that reflects any uncertainty related
                to income tax.


                Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets
                and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the corresponding amounts used for tax purposes.
                Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available
                against which deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates
                expected to apply in the period when the liability is settled or the asset is realised based on tax rates that
                have been enacted or substantively enacted at the end of reporting period.




90   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2022




4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     4.11 Accounting for income tax (continued)
           An exception to the general requirement in determining the appropriate tax rate used in measuring
           deferred tax amount is when an investment property is carried at fair value under HKAS 40 “Investment
           Property”. Unless the presumption is rebutted, the deferred tax amounts on these investment properties
           are measured using the tax rates that would apply on sale of these investment properties at their carrying
           amounts at the reporting date. The presumption is rebutted when the investment property is depreciable
           and is held within a business model whose objective is to consume substantially all of the economic
           benefits embodied in the property over time, rather than through sale.


           Income taxes are recognised in profit or loss except when they relate to items recognised in other
           comprehensive income in which case the taxes are also recognised in other comprehensive income or
           when they relate to items recognised directly in equity in which case the taxes are also recognised directly
           in equity.


     4.12 Government grants
           Government grants are recognised when there is reasonable assurance that they will be received and that
           the Group will comply with the conditions attaching to them. Grants that compensate the Group for
           expenses incurred are recognised as revenue in profit or loss on a systematic basis in the same periods in
           which the expenses are incurred. Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognised in
           profit or loss over the period necessary to match them with the costs that they are intended to
           compensate.


           Government grants that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred or for the
           purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are recognised in
           profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable and are recognised as other income and
           gains, net, rather than reducing the related expense.


     4.13 Foreign currency
           Transactions entered into by the Group entities in currencies other than the currency of the primary
           economic environment in which they operate (the “functional currency”) are recorded at the rates ruling
           when the transactions occur. Foreign currency monetary assets and liabilities are translated at the rates
           ruling at the end of the reporting period. Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated
           in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing on the date when the fair value was
           determined. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are
           not retranslated.


           Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the translation of monetary
           items, are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise. Exchange differences arising on
           the retranslation of non-monetary items carried at fair value are included in profit or loss for the period
           except for differences arising on the retranslation of non-monetary items in respect of which gains and
           losses are recognised in other comprehensive income, in which case, the exchange differences are also
           recognised in other comprehensive income.



                                                 Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                 91
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




     4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
          4.14 Employee benefits
                (a)   Short term employee benefits
                      Short term employee benefits are employee benefits (other than termination benefits) that are
                      expected to be settled wholly before twelve months after the end of the annual reporting period in
                      which the employees render the related service. Short term employee benefits are recognised in the
                      year when the employees render the related service.


                (b)   Defined contribution retirement plan
                      Salaries, annual bonuses, paid annual leave, contributions to defined contribution retirement plans
                      and the cost of non-monetary benefits are accrued in the year in which the associated services are
                      rendered by employees. Where payment or settlement is deferred and the effect would be material,
                      these amounts are stated at their present values.


                      The Group operates the Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (the “MPF Scheme”) under the
                      Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for those employees who are eligible to participate
                      in the MPF Scheme. The MPF Scheme is a defined contribution retirement benefit plan and
                      contributions to the scheme are made based on a percentage of the employees’ relevant income.


                      The employees of the Company’s subsidiaries which operate in the PRC are required to participate
                      in a central pension scheme operated by the local municipal government. The subsidiaries are
                      required to contribute certain percentage of their payroll costs to the central pension scheme.


                (c)   Termination benefits
                      Termination benefits are recognised on the earlier of when the Group can no longer withdraw the
                      offer of those benefits and when the Group recognises restructuring costs involving the payment of
                      termination benefits.


          4.15 Impairment of non-financial assets
                At the end of each reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of property, plant and
                equipment to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment
                loss or an impairment loss previously recognised no longer exists or may have decreased.


                If the recoverable amount (i.e. the greater of the fair value less costs to disposal and value in use) of an
                asset is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset is reduced to its
                recoverable amount. An impairment loss is recognised as an expense immediately.


                Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset is increased to the
                revised estimate of its recoverable amount, to the extent that the increased carrying amount does not
                exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised
                for the asset in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised as income immediately.




92   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2022




4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     4.16 Provisions and contingent liabilities
           Provisions are recognised for liabilities of uncertain timing or amount when the Group has a legal or
           constructive obligation arising as a result of a past event, which will probably result in an outflow of
           economic benefits that can be reasonably estimated.


           Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be
           estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of
           economic benefits is remote. Possible obligations, the existence of which will only be confirmed by the
           occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more future events, are also disclosed as contingent liabilities
           unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.


     4.17 Share-based payments
           The Group operates equity settled share-based compensation plan for remuneration of its employees and
           parties other than its employees.


           Where share options are awarded to employees and others providing similar services, the fair value of the
           services received is measured by reference to the fair value of the options at the date of grant. Such fair
           value is recognised in profit or loss over the vesting period with a corresponding increase in the share
           option reserve within equity. Non-market vesting conditions are taken into account by adjusting the
           number of equity instruments expected to vest at the end of each reporting period so that, ultimately, the
           cumulative amount recognised over the vesting period is based on the number of options that eventually
           vest. Market vesting conditions are factored into the fair value of the options granted. As long as all non-
           market vesting conditions are satisfied, a charge is made irrespective of whether the market vesting
           conditions are satisfied. The cumulative expense is not adjusted for failure to achieve a market vesting
           condition.


           Where the terms and conditions of options are modified before they vest, the increase in the fair value of
           the options, measured immediately before and after the modification, is also recognised in profit or loss
           over the remaining vesting period.


           Other share-based payments
           On 23 December 2019, the shareholders had granted to an executive director of the Company shares of
           the ultimate holding company as a reward for the employee services to the Group. The reward cost was
           measured at the fair value of the shares of the Company and expensed to the consolidated statement of
           comprehensive income as directors’ remuneration during the year ended 31 December 2019.




                                                  Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                   93
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




     4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
          4.18 Research and development expenses
                Research expenditure is recognised as an expense as incurred.


                Costs incurred on development projects are capitalised as intangible assets when recognition criteria are
                fulfilled and tests for impairment are performed annually. Other development expenditures that do not
                meet those criteria are recognised as expenses as incurred. Development costs previously recognised as
                expenses are not recognised as assets in subsequent periods.


          4.19 Related parties
                (a)   A person or a close member of that person’s family is related to the Group if that person:


                      (i)     has control or joint control over the Group;


                      (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or


                      (iii)   is a member of key management personnel of the Group or the Company’s parent.


                (b)   An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions apply:


                      (i)     The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent,
                              subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).


                      (ii)    One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of
                              a member of a group of which the other entity is a member).


                      (iii)   Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.


                      (iv)    One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third
                              entity.


                      (v)     The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of the employees of the Group or
                              an entity related to the Group.


                      (vi)    The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a).


                      (vii)   A person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of key
                              management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).


                      (viii) The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel
                              services to the Company or to the Company’s parent.




94   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2022




4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     4.19 Related parties (continued)
           Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or
           be influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity and include:


           (i)     that person’s children and spouse or domestic partner;


           (ii)    children of that person’s spouse or domestic partner; and


           (iii)   dependents of that person or that person’s spouse or domestic partner.


5. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS
     In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, the directors of the Company are required to make
     judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily
     apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and
     other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results differ from these estimates.


     The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates
     are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the
     period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.


     (a) Impairment of financial assets
           The Group’s management assesses the credit risk of financial assets on a regular basis to determine if any
           provision for impairment is necessary. The implementation of HKFRS 9 resulted in a change to the
           assessment of the critical accounting estimates and judgements related to impairment of financial
           instruments. In determining ECLs, management is required to exercise judgement in defining what is
           considered to be a significant increase in credit risk and in making assumptions and estimates to
           incorporate relevant information about past events, current conditions and forecasts of economic
           conditions. The information about the ECLs and the Group’s trade receivables and other financial assets
           are disclosed in note 35(c) to the consolidated financial statements.


     (b) Estimated useful lives of property, plant and equipment
           In determining the useful lives of property, plant and equipment, the Group has to consider various
           factors, such as expected usage of the asset, expected physical wear and tear, the care and maintenance
           of the asset, and legal or similar limits on the use of the asset. The estimation of the useful life of the asset
           is made based on the experience of the Group with similar assets that are used in a similar way.
           Depreciation charge is revised if the estimated useful lives of items of property, plant and equipment are
           different from the previous estimation. Estimated useful lives are reviewed, at the end of each of the
           reporting period, based on changes in circumstances. The carrying amount of property, plant and
           equipment is disclosed in note 14.




                                                  Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                     95
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




     5. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS (continued)
          (c)   Fair values of investment properties
                Investment properties are stated at fair value based on the valuation with the existence of independent
                professional valuer. In determining the fair value, the valuer has based on a method of valuation which
                involves certain estimates of market condition. The valuation of the Group’s investment properties are
                dependent on certain key assumptions and estimations that require significant management judgement.
                Changes to these assumptions would result in changes in the fair values of the Group’s investment
                properties and the corresponding adjustments to the amount of gain or loss reported in the consolidated
                statement of comprehensive income.


          (d) Income taxes
                The Group is subject to income taxes in the PRC. Significant judgement is required in determining the
                provision for income taxes. There are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax
                determination is uncertain during the ordinary course of business. Where the final tax outcome of these
                matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will impact the income
                tax provision in the year in which such determination is made.


          (e) Judgements on the cost and completion date of construction-in-progress
                The construction of terminal facilities involves various points in time and different parts of the construction
                projects. The Group transfers the construction-in-progress to relevant categories of property, plant and
                equipment in batches upon the completion of respective parts of the terminal facilities. The cost of
                terminal facilities may not be paid in full when the construction is completed and ready for its intended
                use. The Group estimates the completion progress, time to reach its intended use and the cost of the
                construction-in-progress to be transferred to property, plant and equipment where necessary. If the
                estimation differs significantly from the final settlement of the completed construction projects, the
                difference will impact the cost of property, plant and equipment and the depreciation charge.


          (f)   Government grants
                Government grants should be recognised in the profit or loss to match them with the expenditure towards
                which they are intended to compensate. Management will recognise the grants as grants to asset or
                income according to terms. Sometimes there will be some conditions attached to the grants,
                management will carefully assess whether the Group will comply with the conditions and grants will be
                only recognised when the Group is certain to comply with the conditions even if the grants has already
                been received.




96   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2022




5. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS (continued)
     (g) Lease
           As explained in note 4.6, the lease liability is initially recognised at the present value of the lease payments
           payable over the lease term. In determining the lease term at the commencement date for leases that
           include renewal options exercisable by the Group, the Group evaluates the likelihood of exercising the
           renewal options by assessing the reasonable certainty on all relevant facts and circumstances that create
           an economic incentive for the Group to exercise the option, including favourable terms, leasehold
           improvements undertaken and the importance of that underlying asset to the Group’s operation. The
           lease term is reassessed if the Group becomes obliged to exercise (or not exercise) it. The assessment of
           reasonable certainty is only revised if a significant change in circumstances occurs, which affects this
           assessment, and that is within the control of the Group. During the current financial year, the Group is
           reasonably certain not to exercise the renewal options of which the periods covered are already included
           in the lease term.


     (h) Fair value measurement and valuation processes
           A number of assets and liabilities included in the Group’s financial statements require measurement at,
           and/or disclosure of, fair value.


           The fair value measurement of the Group’s financial and non-financial assets and liabilities utilises market
           observable inputs and data as far as possible. Inputs used in determining fair value measurements are
           categorised into different levels based on how observable the inputs used in the valuation technique
           utilised are (the ‘fair value hierarchy’):


           •     Level 1: Quoted prices in active markets for identical items (unadjusted);


           •     Level 2: Observable direct or indirect inputs other than Level 1 inputs;


           •     Level 3: Unobservable inputs (i.e. not derived from market data).


           The classification of an item into the above levels is based on the lowest level of the inputs used that has a
           significant effect on the fair value measurement of the item. Transfers of items between levels are
           recognised in the period they occur.


           Some of the Group’s assets and liabilities are measured at fair value for financial reporting purposes. The
           directors of the Company are responsible for determining the appropriate valuation techniques and
           inputs for fair value measurements. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group uses
           market-observable data to the extent it is available. Where Level 1 inputs are not available, the Group
           engages third party qualified valuers to perform the valuation. The directors of the Company work closely
           with the independent qualified professional valuers to establish the appropriate valuation techniques and
           inputs to the model. The directors of the Company regularly assess the impact and the cause of
           fluctuations in the fair value of the assets and liabilities. The Group uses valuation techniques that include
           inputs that are not based on observable market data to estimate the fair value of certain types of financial
           instruments and investment properties.



                                                        Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED              97
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




     5. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS (continued)
          (h) Fair value measurement and valuation processes (continued)
                The Group measures investment properties (note 15), equity investment at FVOCI (note 16) and debt
                instruments at FVOCI (note 19) at fair value.


                The fair value of unlisted equity investment that is not traded in an active market is determined by using
                valuation technique. The Group uses its judgement with the aid of an independent valuer, to select a
                variety of methods and make assumptions that are based on market condition and other circumstances,
                this might involve developing estimates and assumptions consistent with how market participants would
                price the instrument. Estimated fair values may vary from the actual prices that would be achieved in an
                arm’s length transaction at the reporting date. Details of the valuation assumption and its carrying amount
                are set out in note 16.


                For more detailed information in relation to the fair value measurement of the item above, please refer to
                the applicable notes.


          (i)   Deferred taxation on investment properties
                For the purposes of measuring deferred tax liabilities or deferred tax assets arising from investment
                properties that are using the fair value model, the directors of the Company have reviewed the Group’s
                investment property portfolios situated in the PRC are held under a business model whose objective is to
                consume substantially all of the economic benefits embodied in the investment properties over time
                rather than through sale. As a result, the presumption that the carrying amount of the Group’s investment
                properties in the PRC is to recover through sale rather than through use has been rebutted and deferred
                tax on the changes in fair value is recognised according to the relevant tax rules.


     6. SEGMENT INFORMATION
          (a) Operating segment information
                The Group identifies its operating segments and prepares segment information based on the regular
                internal financial information reported to the Company’s executive directors, who are the chief operating
                decision makers of the Group, for their decisions about resources allocation to the Group’s business
                components and review of these components’ performance. There is only one business component in the
                internal reporting to the Company’s executive directors, which is the provision of port services.
                Accordingly, no segment information analysed by operating segment is presented in the consolidated
                financial statements.




98   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2022




6. SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
     (b) Geographical information
           The geographical location of revenue allocated is based on the location at which services are provided.
           The Group renders port services in the PRC and all its revenue for the years ended 31 December 2022 and
           2021 were derived in the PRC. The geographical location of the Group’s non-current assets is based on
           the physical location of the assets. The Group’s non-current assets are located or based in the PRC.


     (c)   Information about major customers
           Revenue attributed from customers that accounted for 10% or more of the Group’s total revenue during
           the year is as follows:


                                                                                             2022                 2021
                                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000


           Customer A                                                                      20,604             20,421


     (d) Disaggregation of revenue

                                                                                             2022                 2021
                                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000


           Revenue from contracts with customers within the scope of
             HKFRS 15
           Provision of uploading and unloading handling services
           — Bulk cargo and Break bulk cargo                                              162,431           149,462
           — Containers                                                                     2,204                 1,949


                                                                                          164,635           151,411


           Provision of ancillary port services                                            22,742             14,426


                                                                                          187,377           165,837


           Timing of revenue recognition
           At a point in time                                                             183,955           161,508
           Transferred over time                                                            3,422                 4,329


                                                                                          187,377           165,837




                                                  Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                99
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      7. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS, NET
           (a)   Revenue represents the income from provision of port services excluding value-added tax, where
                 applicable.


                 Revenue recognised during the year is as follows:


                                                                                                                     2022              2021
                                                                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000


                 Port service income                                                                            187,377             165,837


                 The Group has applied the practical expedient to its port service contracts and therefore it does not
                 disclose about revenue that the Group will be entitled to when it satisfies the remaining performance
                 obligations under the contracts for provision of port services that have an original expected duration of
                 one year or less and that are unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied as of the end of the reporting periods.


           (b)   An analysis of the Group’s other income and gains, net during the year is as follows:


                                                                                                                     2022              2021
                                                                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000


                 Bank interest income                                                                                4,788            2,797
                 Rental income from investment properties                                                            4,022            4,848
                 Government grants
                 — relating to investment properties and right-of-use assets (note 29)                                890                890
                 — listing rewards*                                                                                      –            2,000
                 — other rewards#                                                                                    1,540            1,019
                 Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                     16                133
                 Exchange gain/(loss), net                                                                             43               (329)
                 Others                                                                                              1,093               839


                                                                                                                    12,392           12,197

                 *     Government grants of listing rewards represent reward of RMB2,000,000 received in FY2021 from Chizhou Finance Bureau for
                       successful listing of the Company. It was determined at the sole discretion of the relevant PRC government authorities.

                 #
                       Government grants of other rewards represent unconditional cash subsidies from government.




100   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2022




8. FINANCE COSTS

                                                                                                           2022                 2021
                                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000


     Interest on lease liabilities                                                                            41                   65


9. PROFIT BEFORE INCOME TAX
     Profit before income tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):


                                                                                                           2022                 2021
                                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000


     Auditor’s remuneration                                                                                  663                  604
     Costs of inventories recognised as an expense
       (included under cost of services rendered)                                                         5,067                 3,636


     Employee benefit expenses (note) (including directors’ emoluments
       (note 10))
       — Wages, salaries and other benefits                                                              18,914               17,729
       — Discretionary bonuses                                                                            7,605                 6,791
       — Defined contributions                                                                            3,453                 3,314
                                                                                                         29,972               27,834


     Direct operating expenses arising from investment properties
       that generated rental income                                                                          364                  592
     Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                       23,403               27,392
     Repairs and maintenance expenses
       (included under cost of services rendered)                                                        10,804                 6,650
     Subcontracting fee (included under cost of services rendered)                                       12,513               11,938
     Short-term lease                                                                                        258                    –
     Amortisation of deferred government grant                                                              (890)                (890)
     Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                       (16)                (133)

     Note: During the year, the Group incurred expenses for the purpose of research and development of approximately RMB3,770,000 (2021:
           RMB3,018,000), which comprised employee benefits expenses of approximately RMB3,142,000 (2021: RMB2,976,000).




                                                       Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                            101
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      10. DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
           (a) Directors’ remuneration
                 The emolument of each of the directors for the year is set out below:

                                                                       Salaries,
                                                                    allowances
                                                                   and benefits Discretionary     Defined
                                                           Fees         in kind      bonuses contributions     Total
                                                        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000

                 Year ended 31 December 2022
                 Executive directors:
                 Mr. Kwai                                    289             –             –            –        289
                 Mr. Huang Xueliang (“Mr. Huang”)            240           640             –           65        945

                                                             529           640             –           65      1,234

                 Non-executive director:
                 Ms. Cheung                                  206              –            –             –       206

                 Independent non-executive directors:
                 Mr. Nie Rui                                 155              –            –             –       155
                 Dr. Li Weidong                              155              –            –             –       155
                 Mr. Cheung Sze Ming                         155              –            –             –       155

                                                             465              –            –             –       465

                 Year ended 31 December 2021
                 Executive directors:
                 Mr. Kwai                                    279              –            –            –        279
                 Mr. Huang                                   240            640            –           76        956

                                                             519            640            –           76      1,235

                 Non-executive director:
                 Ms. Cheung                                  199              –            –             –       199

                 Independent non-executive directors:
                 Mr. Nie Rui                                 149              –            –             –       149
                 Dr. Li Weidong                              149              –            –             –       149
                 Mr. Cheung Sze Ming                         149              –            –             –       149

                                                             447              –            –             –       447




102   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2022




10. DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
    (continued)
     (b) Five highest paid individuals
           The five highest paid individuals of the Group included one director (2021: one director) during the year,
           whose emoluments are reflected in note (a).


           The analysis of the emolument of the four (2021: four) highest paid non-director individuals during the
           year, are set out below:


                                                                                               2022           2021
                                                                                          RMB’000         RMB’000


           Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                          1,067             999
           Discretionary bonuses                                                                466             387
           Pension scheme contributions                                                         119              86


                                                                                              1,652           1,472


           The emolument paid or payables to each of the above non-director individuals during the year fell within
           the following band:


                                                                                               2022           2021
                                                                                        Number of       Number of
                                                                                         individuals    individuals


           Nil to HK$1,000,000                                                                     4              4


           During the year, no director or any of the highest paid individuals waived or agreed to waive any
           emoluments (2021: Nil). No emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors or any of the highest
           paid individuals of the Group as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for
           loss of office as a director of any member of the Group or of any other office in connection with the
           management of the affairs of any member of the Group (2021: Nil).


           The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were mainly for their services in connection with the
           management of the affairs of the Company and the Group. The non-executive directors’ emoluments
           shown above were mainly for their services as directors of the Company or its subsidiaries. The
           independent non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were mainly for their services as directors
           of the Company.


     (c)   Pensions — defined contribution plans
           No forfeited contribution is available to reduce the contribution payable in future year.




                                                 Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED               103
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE
           (a) Income tax
                 The amount of taxation in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income during the year
                 represents:


                                                                                                    2022              2021
                                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000


                 Current tax expenses
                 — PRC enterprise income tax                                                      22,030            12,719
                 Deferred tax (credits)/expenses (note 11(b))                                      (1,796)            2,030


                                                                                                  20,234            14,749


                 No provision for Hong Kong profits tax has been made as the Group has no estimated assessable profits
                 arising in or derived from Hong Kong for the year (2021: nil).


                 The Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC are subject to the PRC enterprise income tax (“EIT”) at the standard
                 rate of 25% on the estimated assessable profits, except for the following subsidiaries which enjoyed
                 certain tax exemption and relief.


                 Pursuant to the PRC tax law, its rules and regulations, enterprises that invest in qualifying public
                 infrastructure projects are eligible for certain tax benefits.


                 One of the infrastructure projects (the “Qualifying Project”) of Chizhou Port Ocean Line Holdings Limited
                 (“Chizhou Port Holdings”), a subsidiary of the Company, is engaging in qualifying public infrastructures. It
                 is entitled to exemption from EIT from the financial year beginning on 1 January 2019 up to 31 December
                 2021, and a 50% reduction from the financial year beginning on 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2024.
                 Therefore, the relevant profit generated from the Qualifying Project is tax exempted for the year ended
                 31 December 2021, while computed at a reduced rate of 12.5% as taxable amount for the year ended 31
                 December 2022. Apart from the Qualifying Project, Chizhou Port Holdings has been recognised as a high
                 and new technology enterprise under the applicable PRC tax law. Other infrastructure projects of Chizhou
                 Port Holdings is subject to a reduced rate of 15% EIT for three consecutive financial years from 2022 to
                 2024.




104   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2022




11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (continued)
     (a) Income tax (continued)
           Chizhou Port Ocean Line Logistic Company Limited (“Chizhou Logistic”), a subsidiary of the Company,
           has been registered as a small low-profit enterprise under the applicable PRC tax law. As the annual
           taxable income of Chizhou Logistic does not exceed RMB1 million, the relevant EIT is computed at a
           reduced rate of 12.5% as taxable income amount and subject to EIT at 20%.


           Withholding tax is calculated at 10% of the dividends declared in respect of profits earned by PRC entities
           distribute to a non-PRC holding company, except for the following non-PRC subsidiaries of the Group
           which enjoyed certain tax reduction.


           Pursuant to the double tax arrangement between the PRC and Hong Kong effective on 1 January 2007, a
           qualified Hong Kong Tax resident will be liable for withholding income at the rate of 5% (“Tax Reduction”)
           for dividend income derived from the PRC in the case where the holding company is a Hong Kong
           resident enterprise holding 25% or more equity interests in such PRC resident enterprise pursuant to the
           Arrangement between Mainland China and Hong Kong for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the
           Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with Respect to Taxes on Income. Ocean Line Port Development (Hong Kong)
           Limited (“Ocean Line Hong Kong”) and Ocean Line Group (Chizhou) Port Development Inc. (“Ocean Line
           Chizhou”), subsidiaries of the Company, are entitled to the Tax Reduction, hence the applicable
           withholding tax rate for Ocean Line Hong Kong and Ocean Line Chizhou were 5% for the years ended 31
           December 2022 and 2021.


           The income tax expense for the year can be reconciled to the profit before income tax per the
           consolidated statement of comprehensive income as follows:


                                                                                             2022              2021
                                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000


           Profit before income tax                                                       107,687             94,249


           Taxation calculated at PRC EIT rate of 25%                                      26,922             23,562
           Non-taxable income                                                                 (948)             (740)
           Expenses not deductible for tax                                                  3,485              2,046
           Tax effect of preferential tax rates for subsidiaries                            (6,989)          (11,171)
           Withholding tax on dividend                                                      (2,236)            1,052


           Income tax expense                                                              20,234             14,749




                                                   Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED              105
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (continued)
           (b) Deferred tax
                 Details of the deferred tax assets and (liabilities) recognised and movements in the year:


                                                                        Fair value        Interests Withholding
                                                          Deferred    adjustment        capitalised        tax on
                                                        government of investment      as qualifying undistributed
                                                              grant    properties            assets    dividends        Total
                                                           RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000

                 As at 1 January 2021                         4,651         (4,320)           (160)         (4,483)     (4,312)

                 Charged to profit or loss                     (116)          (862)              –          (1,052)     (2,030)


                 As at 31 December 2021 and
                   1 January 2022                             4,535         (5,182)          (160)          (5,535)     (6,342)

                 (Charged)/credited to profit or loss          (116)         (324)               –          2,236       1,796


                 As at 31 December 2022                       4,419         (5,506)          (160)          (3,299)     (4,546)


                 As at 31 December 2022, the Group recognised deferred tax liabilities of approximately RMB3,299,000
                 (2021: RMB5,535,000), for withholding tax that would be payable on the retained profits of the Company’s
                 subsidiaries established in the PRC. There are no income tax consequences attaching to the payment of
                 dividends by the Company to its shareholders.


                 For the purpose of presentation in consolidated statement of financial position, certain deferred tax assets
                 and liabilities have been offset. The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial
                 reporting purposes:


                                                                                                         2022            2021
                                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000


                 Deferred tax liabilities                                                               (4,546)         (6,342)




106   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2022




12. DIVIDENDS
     No dividend has been paid or declared by the Company during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.


     Subsequent to the end of the reporting period, the Board has proposed a final dividend of HK$3.0 cents and a
     special final dividend of HK$3.0 cents (2021: Nil) per share for the year out of the share premium account within
     the equity section of the statement of financial position of the Company. The proposed final dividend and the
     proposed special final dividend is subject to approval by the shareholders of the Company in the forthcoming
     annual general meeting.


13. EARNINGS PER SHARE

                                                                                             2022              2021
                                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000


     Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company                             64,092             57,206


                                                                                             2022              2021


     Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue                             800,000,000        800,000,000


     Diluted earnings per share is the same as the basic earnings per share because the Company has no dilutive
     potential ordinary shares in issue during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.




                                                Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                 107
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                                                                Furniture
                                           Terminal               Port machinery                   Motor       and office        Leasehold    Construction-    Right-of-use
                                           facilities   Buildings and equipment       Vessels     vehicles    equipment      improvements       in-progress          assets      Total
                                           RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                                                                                                                                     (note)

           At 1 January 2021
             Cost                           379,175       17,521         110,128       14,027        5,494          3,147            4,142            4,801          64,846     603,281
             Accumulated depreciation       (96,739)      (4,698)        (54,009)      (3,432)      (2,563)        (2,374)          (1,302)               –         (11,702)   (176,819)

             Net carrying amount            282,436       12,823          56,119       10,595       2,931            773             2,840            4,801         53,144      426,462


           Year ended 31 December 2021
             Opening net carrying amount    282,436       12,823          56,119       10,595       2,931            773             2,840            4,801         53,144      426,462
             Additions                       16,448           73              453           –         136             51                 –            1,618         11,356        30,135
             Transfers in/(from)              1,251            –            2,358         578           –               –                –           (4,187)             –              –
             Disposals                            –            –           (2,354)       (579)          –              (2)               –                –              –         (2,935)
             Depreciation                   (15,644)        (578)          (7,844)       (611)       (551)          (128)             (155)               –         (1,881)      (27,392)
             Eliminated on disposals              –            –              102          31           –               2                –                –              –            135
             Exchange realignment                 –            –                –           –           –               –                –                –            (36)           (36)

             Closing net carrying amount    284,491       12,318          48,834       10,014       2,516            696             2,685            2,232         62,583      426,369


           At 31 December 2021 and
             1 January 2022
             Cost                           396,874       17,594         110,585       14,026        5,630          3,196            4,142            2,232          76,202     630,481
             Accumulated depreciation      (112,383)      (5,276)        (61,751)      (4,012)      (3,114)        (2,500)          (1,457)               –         (13,619)   (204,112)

             Net carrying amount            284,491       12,318          48,834       10,014       2,516            696             2,685            2,232         62,583      426,369


           Year ended 31 December 2022
             Opening net carrying amount   284,491        12,318          48,834      10,014        2,516            696            2,685            2,232          62,583     426,369
             Additions                         336             –           7,550           –           87            775                –            5,623               –       14,371
             Transfers in/(from)                89             –               –           –            –              –                –              (89)              –            –
             Disposals                           –             –               –           –         (549)             –                –                –               –         (549)
             Depreciation                  (14,872)         (481)         (4,782)       (357)        (470)          (316)            (158)               –          (1,967)     (23,403)
             Eliminated on disposals             –             –               –           –          521              –                –                –               –          521
             Exchange realignment                –             –               –           –            –              –                –                –              64           64

             Closing net carrying amount   270,044        11,837          51,602       9,657        2,105          1,155            2,527            7,766          60,680     417,373


           At 31 December 2022
             Cost                           397,299       17,594         118,135      14,026        5,168          3,971             4,142           7,766          76,202      644,303
             Accumulated depreciation      (127,255)       (5,757)        (66,533)    (4,369)      (3,063)        (2,816)           (1,615)              –         (15,522)    (226,930)

             Net carrying amount           270,044        11,837          51,602       9,657        2,105          1,155            2,527            7,766          60,680     417,373




108   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2022




14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued)
     Note:

     Right-of-use assets

                                                                                        Office properties          Leasehold land             Total
                                                                                                RMB’000                 RMB’000             RMB’000


     As at 1 January 2021                                                                            1,350                  51,794           53,144

     Addition                                                                                            –                  11,356           11,356
     Depreciation                                                                                     (446)                  (1,435)          (1,881)
     Exchange realignment                                                                              (36)                       –              (36)


     As at 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022                                                         868                  61,715           62,583

     Addition                                                                                            –                       –                 –
     Depreciation                                                                                     (456)                 (1,511)           (1,967)
     Exchange realignment                                                                               64                       –                64


     As at 31 December 2022                                                                            476                  60,204           60,680


     The Group leases office properties and holds land use rights for use of land for port operation. Lease terms for office properties are negotiated
     on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other
     than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by the lessor. The leasehold land under right-of-use assets represents land use
     rights in the PRC whereby prepayments were made by the Group for the use of land in the PRC which are held on leases with lease terms
     between 40 and 50 years.

     As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s property, plant and equipment with net carrying amount of approximately RMB142,671,000 (2021:
     RMB150,920,000) were pledged to secure banking facilities as set out in note 27.

     Details of the maturity analysis of lease liabilities and total cash outflow for leases are set out in notes 25 and 34 respectively.




                                                               Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                                  109
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      15. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

                                                                                                Under
                                                                         Completed        construction             Total
                                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000


           Fair value
           At 1 January 2021                                                  52,530            10,270            62,800
           Additions                                                           1,914             5,876             7,790
           Transfer                                                           10,270           (10,270)                –
           Changes in fair value                                               3,076              (146)            2,930


           At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022                             67,790             5,730           73,520
           Additions                                                             394               306              700
           Transfer                                                            6,243            (6,243)                –
           Changes in fair value                                                 573               207              780


           At 31 December 2022                                                75,000                 –           75,000


           The fair value of the Group’s investment properties, which are warehouses for port operation including the land
           use rights for the land upon which the warehouses are situated, at 31 December 2022 and 2021 have been
           arrived at based on market value basis carried out by Kroll (HK) Limited (formerly known as D&P China (HK)
           Limited) (2021: D&P China (HK) Limited), an independent valuer who holds a recognised and relevant
           professional qualification and has recent experience in the location and category of the investment property
           being valued. The land use rights are held on leases with lease terms between 40 and 50 years.




110   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2022




15. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (continued)
     Information about level 3 fair value measurements:

                                   Valuation                                                                                             Relationship of
                                   techniques           Unobservable input                                                   Ranges      unobservable input(s) to fair value


     Land in the PRC               Direct comparison    Adjustment rate to unit sales taking into account of            10% to 20%       The higher adjustment rate, the higher the
                                     method                 individual factors such as location, usage and       (2021: 10% to 20%)        fair value measurement, and vice versa.
                                                            size etc.


     Buildings (completed)         Direct comparison    Adjustment rate to unit sales taking into account of             28% to 22%      The higher adjustment rate, the higher the
       in the PRC                    method                 individual factors such as transaction status,     (2021: (32%) to (25%))      fair value measurement, and vice versa.
                                                            location, property condition, economic
                                                            environment, usage, size and time etc.

     Buildings (under construction) Direct comparison   Adjustment rate to unit sales taking into account of                     N/A     The higher adjustment rate, the higher the
       in the PRC                     method                individual factors such as transaction status,     (2021: (39%) to (32%))      fair value measurement, and vice versa.
                                                            location, property condition, economic
                                                            environment, usage, size and time etc.


     The valuations of investment properties were determined based on direct comparison method, by reference to
     recent market transaction prices of comparable properties and land in the similar locations with adjustments for
     other individual factors. The construction cost incurred and estimated construction cost to complete the
     development as at the date of valuation are also taken into account.


     There were no changes to the valuation techniques during the year.


     A reconciliation of the opening and closing fair value balance of the Group’s investment properties is provided
     below.


                                                                                                                                             2022                         2021
                                                                                                                                        RMB’000                     RMB’000


     Opening balance (level 3 recurring fair value)                                                                                       73,520                        62,800
     Additions                                                                                                                                 700                       7,790
     Gains on change in fair value included in profit or loss                                                                                  780                       2,930


     Closing balance (level 3 recurring fair value)                                                                                       75,000                        73,520


     Change in fair value (unrealised gains) for the year included in profit or loss                                                           780                       2,930




                                                                     Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                                                         111
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      15. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (continued)
           There were no transfers between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 valuation during the year.


           As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s investment properties of approximately RMB15,400,000 (2021:
           RMB15,400,000) were pledged to banking facilities as set out in note 27.


      16. EQUITY INVESTMENT AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER
          COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

                                                                                                     2022               2021
                                                                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000


           Non-current assets
           Unlisted equity investment                                                             17,838                4,568


           The equity investment was irrevocably designated at FVOCI as the Group considers the investment to be long-
           term strategic capital investment in nature. Change in fair value of the above equity investment is recognised in
           other comprehensive income and accumulated within the fair value reserve within equity. The Group transfers
           amounts from fair value reserve (non-recycling) to retained earnings when the relevant equity investment is
           derecognised.


           Particulars of investment in unlisted equity securities held by the Group as at 31 December 2022 and 2021 are
           as follows:


                                                  Place of          Percentage of effective
             Name of investee company             incorporation           interest held                Carrying value
                                                                          2022            2021          2022            2021
                                                                                                     RMB’000     RMB’000


             Chizhou Wusha Port                   The PRC                 7.2%            7.2%        17,838            4,568
               Transportation Company Limited


           The fair value of the Group’s equity investment at 31 December 2022 and 2021 has been arrived at based on
           asset approach carried out by Peak Vision Appraisals Limited, an independent valuer who holds a recognised
           and relevant professional qualification. Under the asset approach, the share of the net asset value has been
           used to capture the present value of the expected future economic benefits to be derived from the ownership
           of the equity investment.




112   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2022




16. EQUITY INVESTMENT AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER
    COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (continued)
     The level in the fair value hierarchy within which the financial asset is categorised in its entirety is based on the
     lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.

                                                                                                                    2022                        2021
                                                                                                                  Level 3                     Level 3
                                                                                                                 RMB’000                     RMB’000


     Unlisted equity investment                                                                                      17,838                        4,568


     Information about level 3 fair value measurements:

                                                                       Unobservable                           Relationship of
       Investment                Valuation techniques                  input                        Range     unobservable inputs to fair value


       Unlisted equity           Asset approach                        Discount for lack of          11.4%    The discount rate is negatively correlated to
         investment in the PRC                                           control              (2021: 9.91%)     the fair value measurement of the unlisted
                                                                                                                equity investment. A slight increase in the
                                                                                                                discount for lack of control would result in a
                                                                                                                slight decrease in fair value measurement
                                                                                                                of the equity investment, and vice versa.


     There were no changes to the valuation techniques during the year.

                                                                                                                    2022                        2021
                                                                                                                 RMB’000                     RMB’000


     Opening balance (level 3 recurring fair value)                                                                    4,568                       4,504
     Addition (note)                                                                                                 15,000                            –
     Change in fair value included in other comprehensive income                                                      (1,730)                         64


     Closing balance (level 3 recurring fair value)                                                                  17,838                        4,568

     Note: During the year, a cash injection of RMB15,000,000 was further made by the Group into the capital of the equity investment at FVOCI in

             proportionate to the equity interest held of the equity investment at FVOCI.


     There were no transfers between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 valuation during the year.

17. INVENTORIES

                                                                                                                    2022                        2021
                                                                                                                 RMB’000                     RMB’000


     Consumables                                                                                                      2,062                        1,678



                                                             Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                                            113
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      18. TRADE RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                  2022             2021
                                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000


           Trade receivables                                                                     6,163             5,432
           Less: Provision for impairment                                                       (1,006)           (1,006)


           Trade receivables, net                                                                5,157             4,426


           The credit period for trade receivables is generally ranging from 10 to 55 days. The directors of the Company
           consider that the fair value of the trade receivables which are expected to be recovered within one year is not
           materially different from their carrying amounts because the balance has short maturity periods on their
           inception.


           Based on invoice dates, ageing analysis of the Group’s trade receivables, net of impairment provision, is as
           follows:


                                                                                                  2022             2021
                                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000


           0 to 30 days                                                                          5,128             4,386
           31 to 90 days                                                                              –               32
           91 to 120 days                                                                           29                 –
           121 to 365 days                                                                            –                –
           Over 1 year                                                                                –                8


                                                                                                 5,157             4,426


           The below table reconciled the provision of impairment loss on trade receivables during the year:


                                                                                                  2022             2021
                                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000


           Balance at 1 January                                                                  1,006             1,006
           Expected credit losses recognised during the year                                          –                –


           Balance at 31 December                                                                1,006             1,006




114   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2022




19. DEBT INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER
    COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

                                                                                                    2022                    2021
                                                                                             RMB’000                    RMB’000


     Current assets
     Bills receivables                                                                              1,185                      –


     As at 31 December 2022, the maturity period for bills receivables is ranging from 3 to 6 months.


     The level in the fair value hierarchy within which the financial asset is categorised in its entirety is based on the
     lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.


                                                                                                    2022                    2021
                                                                                               Level 3                   Level 3
                                                                                             RMB’000                    RMB’000


     Bills receivables                                                                              1,185                      –


     Information about level 3 fair value measurements:


                                                                                                     Relationship of
                               Valuation                                                             unobservable
                               techniques                        Unobservable input       Range      inputs to fair value


     Bills receivables         Income approach — in this         Discount rate        2.4%–2.5%      The discount rate is
                                 approach, the discounted cash                        (2021: N/A)      negatively correlated to
                                 flow method was used to                                               the fair value
                                 capture the present value of                                          measurement of bills
                                 the cash flows to be derived                                          receivables.
                                 from the receivables




                                                     Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                      115
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      19. DEBT INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER
          COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (continued)
           There were no changes to the valuation techniques during the year.


           A reconciliation of the opening and closing fair value balance of the Group’s debt instruments at fair value
           through other comprehensive income is provided below.


                                                                                                   2022              2021
                                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000


           Opening balance (level 3 recurring fair value)                                              –             2,690
           Additions                                                                             10,840              5,554
           Disposals                                                                              (9,655)           (8,244)


           Closing balance (level 3 recurring fair value)                                         1,185                  –


           There were no transfer in Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 during the year.


           As at 31 December 2022, no bills receivables are endorsed by the Group to settle the payables to its suppliers.


           As at 31 December 2021, the Group endorsed certain bills receivables accepted by banks in the PRC to certain
           of its suppliers to settle the payables to these suppliers with carrying amounts in aggregate of approximately
           RMB1,158,000 (collectively referred to as the “Derecognised Bills”). The Derecognised Bills have a maturity
           term from 3 to 6 months at the reporting dates. In accordance with the Law of Negotiable Instruments in the
           PRC, the holders of the Derecognised Bills have a right of recourse against the Group if the PRC banks default
           (the “Continuing Involvement”). In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the Group has transferred
           substantially all risks and rewards relating to the Derecognised Bills. Accordingly, it has derecognised the full
           carrying amounts of the Derecognised Bills and the associated payables to the suppliers. The maximum
           exposure to loss from the Group’s Continuing Involvement in the Derecognised Bills and the undiscounted cash
           flows to repurchase these Derecognised Bills is equal to their face amounts. In the opinion of the directors of
           the Company, the fair values of the Group’s Continuing Involvement in the Derecognised Bills are not
           significant. The endorsement of bills receivables have been made evenly throughout the year ended 31
           December 2021.


           No gains or losses were recognised from the Continuing Involvement, both during the year or cumulatively.




116   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2022




20. DEPOSITS, PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                                   2022                  2021
                                                                                          Notes              RMB’000                RMB’000


     Deposits                                                                                (i)                  1,857                 1,780
     Prepayments                                                                                                    807                   345
     Other receivables                                                                       (ii)                 3,084                 4,624


                                                                                                                  5,748                 6,749


     Classified as:
     Non-current assets                                                                                           1,709                 1,687
     Current assets                                                                                               4,039                 5,062


                                                                                                                  5,748                 6,749


     The Group does not hold any collateral over these balances.

     Notes:

     (i)      As at 31 December 2022, included in deposits, approximately RMB84,000 (2021: RMB80,000) represents rental deposit paid to a related
              company, of which Mr. Kwai and Ms. Cheung are the beneficial owners.

     (ii)     As at 31 December 2022, included in other receivables, the value-added tax for future deduction was approximately RMB863,000 (2021:
              RMB4,415,000) which are expected to be recovered or utilised within one year.




                                                            Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                                117
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      21. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

                                                                                                     2022           2021
                                                                                                  RMB’000       RMB’000


           Cash deposits at banks and on hand                                                     236,462        216,840
           Short-term deposits in a bank                                                           17,003          14,311


           Cash and cash equivalents                                                              253,465        231,151


           Time deposits classified as current assets                                              35,328               –


           Cash deposits at banks earn interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Short-term deposits in
           a bank are made for 1 to 3 months (2021: 1 to 3 months) and earn interests at 1.7% to 5.0% per annum (2021:
           0.3% to 2.5% per annum).


           As at 31 December 2022, time deposits of approximately RMB35,328,000 (2021:Nil) represent fixed deposits
           with original maturity more than three months but within 1 year from the deposit date, which carried interest at
           rate of 5.57% per annum as at 31 December 2022.


           As at 31 December 2022, the Group has cash and bank balances denominated in RMB amounted to
           approximately RMB236,296,000 (2021: RMB222,314,000), of which the remittance of cash out of the PRC is
           subject to the exchange control restrictions imposed by the PRC government.


      22. TRADE PAYABLES
           The credit period is generally 30 days.


           Based on invoice dates, ageing analysis of the Group’s trade payables is as follows:


                                                                                                     2022           2021
                                                                                                  RMB’000       RMB’000


           0 to 30 days                                                                             7,461           3,315
           31 to 90 days                                                                               80             105
           91 to 120 days                                                                              12               –
           121 to 365 days                                                                            439              46
           Over 1 year                                                                              1,253           5,145


                                                                                                    9,245           8,611




118   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2022




23. CONTRACT LIABILITIES

                                                                                                  2022         2021
                                                                                            RMB’000        RMB’000


     Contract liabilities arising from:
     Provision of port services                                                                 41,712        47,797


     Typical payment terms which impact on the amount of contract liabilities recognised
     Contract liabilities mainly relate to the deposits received from customers for port services based on the billing
     schedules as established in the contracts. The deposits that the Group receives on port services remain as
     contract liabilities until such time as the port services are provided to the customers.


     Movement in contract liabilities

                                                                                                  2022         2021
                                                                                            RMB’000        RMB’000


     Balance at 1 January                                                                       47,797        45,346
     Decrease in contract liabilities as a result of recognising revenue
       during the year that was included in the contract
       liabilities at the beginning of the year                                                 (47,797)     (42,925)
     Increase in contract liabilities as a result of billings in
       advance of port services being provided                                                  41,712        45,376


     Balance at 31 December                                                                     41,712        47,797




                                                     Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED            119
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      24. OTHER PAYABLES, ACCRUALS AND RECEIPT IN ADVANCE

                                                                                                 2022             2021
                                                                                              RMB’000         RMB’000


           Other payables                                                                      35,172            40,944
           Accruals                                                                            23,098            19,553
           Receipt in advance                                                                  31,188            27,492


                                                                                               89,458            87,989


           Other payables mainly represented construction cost payables of investment properties, cost of fixed assets
           acquisition payable which are expected to be settled within one year. Receipt in advance mainly represented
           rental paid by tenants of the Group prior to their recognition as rental income.


      25. LEASE LIABILITIES
           The amounts included in the consolidated statement of financial position in respect of the carrying amounts of
           lease liabilities and the movements during the year is as follows:


                                                                                                                 Office
                                                                                                             properties
                                                                                                              RMB’000


           As at 1 January 2021                                                                                   1,324
           Interest expense                                                                                          65
           Lease payments                                                                                          (473)
           Foreign exchange movements                                                                               (36)


           As at 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022                                                                880
           Interest expense                                                                                          41
           Lease payments                                                                                          (488)
           Foreign exchange movements                                                                                64


           As at 31 December 2022                                                                                   497




120   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2022




25. LEASE LIABILITIES (continued)
     Future lease payments are due as follows:


                                                                               31 December 2022
                                                               Minimum lease
                                                                   payments           Interest    Present value
                                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000


     Not later than one year                                            511               (14)             497


                                                                               31 December 2021
                                                               Minimum lease
                                                                   payments           Interest    Present value
                                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000


     Not later than one year                                             466               (39)            427
     Later than one year and not later than five years                   465               (12)            453


                                                                         931               (51)            880


     The present value of future lease payments are analysed as:


                                                                                         2022             2021
                                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000


     Current liabilities                                                                  497              427
     Non-current liabilities                                                                 –             453




                                                 Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED         121
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      26. OPERATING LEASING ARRANGEMENTS
           The Group as lessor
           At the reporting date, the minimum rent receivables under non-cancellable operating leases are as follows:


                                                                                                  2022             2021
                                                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000


           Not later than one year                                                               3,208             2,701
           Later than one year and not later than two years                                      1,266             1,138
           Later than two years and not later than three years                                   1,136               975
           Later than three years and not later than four years                                    992               965
           Later than four years and not later than five years                                     803               711
           Later than five years                                                                 7,148             2,254


                                                                                                14,553             8,744


           The Group leased its investment properties to tenants under operating leases. The leases run for an initial
           period of 1 to 20 years, with options to renew the lease terms upon expiry when all terms are re-negotiated.
           Certain leases include contingent rentals which are refundable if certain annual transportation volume targets
           from the tenants are met. No contingent rent in respect of these leases was recognised in profit or loss during
           the reporting periods.


      27. BANKING FACILITIES
           (a)   As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s banking facilities were secured by:


                 (i)    the pledge of certain property, plant and equipment of the Group with net carrying amount of
                        approximately RMB142,671,000 (2021: RMB150,920,000) (note 14) as at 31 December 2022; and


                 (ii)   the pledge of investment properties of the Group of approximately RMB15,400,000 (2021:
                        RMB15,400,000) (note 15) as at 31 December 2022.


           (b)   None of the Group’s aggregate available banking facilities amounted to approximately RMB115,812,000
                 (2021: RMB115,812,000) has been utilised (2021:Nil) as at 31 December 2022.


      28. DUE TO A NON-CONTROLLING INTEREST
           The balance as at 31 December 2021 was unsecured, interest free, repayable on demand and non-trade in
           nature.




122   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2022




29. DEFERRED GOVERNMENT GRANT

                                                                                        2022              2021
                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000


     At beginning of the year                                                         33,424            34,314
     Amortisation                                                                        (890)            (890)


     At end of the year                                                               32,534            33,424


     Classified as:
     Non-current liabilities                                                          31,644            32,534
     Current liabilities                                                                 890               890


                                                                                      32,534            33,424


     The Group’s deferred government grants mainly related to the Group’s acquisition payments for investment
     properties and leasehold land recognised as right-of-use assets. The Group does not have any unfulfilled
     conditions and other contingencies attaching to government assistance in regard to the government grants at
     the reporting dates.


30. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                 Number of
                                                             ordinary shares
                                                                                     HK$’000         RMB’000
                                                                                                    equivalent


     Authorised:
     Ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each as at 1 January 2021,
       31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022                   5,000,000,000           50,000           40,929


     Issued and fully paid:
     Ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each as at 1 January 2021,
       31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022                     800,000,000            8,000            6,758




                                               Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED            123
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      31. RESERVES
           (a) Share premium
                 The share premium represents the excess of the proceeds received over the nominal value of the
                 Company’s shares issued.

           (b) Special reserve
                 In accordance with the regulations of the State Administration of Work Safety, the PRC subsidiaries have
                 commitment to appropriate 1% of corresponding turnover to a special reserve which will be used for
                 enhancement of safety production environment and improvement of facilities.

           (c)   Statutory reserve
                 In accordance with the relevant laws and regulations in the PRC and Articles of Association of the PRC
                 subsidiaries, they are required to appropriate 10% of the annual net profits of the PRC subsidiaries after
                 offsetting any prior years’ losses as determined under the PRC accounting standards, to the statutory
                 reserve before distributing any net profit. Such appropriation is applicable to Chizhou Ocean Line
                 Niutoushan Limited (“Chizhou Niutoushan”), Yuan Hang Port Development (Chizhou) Limited and
                 Chizhou Qianjiang Port Logistic Company Limited (“Qianjiang Logistic”), subsidiaries of the Company.


                 In accordance with the relevant laws and regulations in the PRC and Articles of Association of Chizhou
                 Port Holdings, as a Sino-foreign equity joint venture, it is required to appropriate 20% of its annual net
                 profit, determined by the board of directors, to the statutory reserve fund before distributing any net
                 profit.


                 When the balance of the statutory reserve reaches 50% of the registered capital of the PRC subsidiaries,
                 any further appropriation is at the discretion of shareholders. The statutory reserve can be used to offset
                 prior years’ losses, if any, and may be capitalised as capital, provided that the remaining balance of the
                 statutory reserve after such issue is no less than 25% of registered capital.


           (d) Other reserve
                 Other reserves represent the difference between the investment costs in subsidiaries and the nominal
                 value of the issued share capital, capital reserve (if any) of the Company’s subsidiaries and reserve
                 resulting from recognition of equity-settled share-based payments to the directors of the Company over
                 the vesting period.


           (e) Capital reserve
                 Capital reserve represents capital contribution from the controlling shareholder to the Group.


           (f)   Assets revaluation reserve
                 Assets revaluation reserve represents the revaluation surplus arising from transfer of payments for certain
                 leasehold land held for own use under operating leases to investment properties upon change in use.


           (g) Fair value reserve
                 The balance represents the cumulative net change in the fair value of equity investment designated at
                 FVOCI that are held at the end of the reporting period.




124   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2022




32. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
     At the reporting date, the Group had the following capital commitments:


                                                                                                                       2022                    2021
                                                                                              Notes               RMB’000                RMB’000


     Contracted, but not provided for
     — Construction in progress                                                                                       5,275                   6,707
     — Unpaid capital in the Chizhou Port Meilong Port Affairs
        Company Limited (“Chizhou Meilong”)                                                      (i)                 21,600                 21,600
     — Investment in equity investment at FVOCI                                                 (ii)                        –               15,000

     Notes:

     (i)      During the year ended 31 December 2020, Chizhou Port Holdings entered into an agreement with two investors which are PRC state-
              controlled entities pursuant to which Chizhou Port Holdings agreed to make a cash injection of RMB36,000,000 in total by installment
              into the capital of the Chizhou Meilong, the Company’s subsidiary, in return for 72% equity interest of Chizhou Meilong. In addition, the
              other investors agreed to make cash injections proportionate to their holdings. The fund injected by Chizhou Port Holdings and two
              investors will be utilised for the construction of a new port terminal. During the year ended 31 December 2021, the shareholders of
              Chizhou Meilong entered into a supplemental agreement, pursuant to which the parties thereto agreed that the timing of the remaining
              60% of their total capital contribution to Chizhou Meilong will be determined by the shareholders of Chizhou Meilong based on the
              project progress of Chizhou Meilong. As at 31 December 2021, Chizhou Port Holdings has injected RMB14,400,000. As at 31 December
              2021 and 2022, the outstanding capital commitment by the Group and two investors are RMB21,600,000 and RMB8,400,000, respectively.

     (ii)     On 30 September 2020, Chizhou Port Holdings entered into an agreement with three investors of which two are PRC state-controlled
              entities and one independent third party pursuant to which Chizhou Port Holdings agreed to make a cash injection of RMB20,000,000 in
              total into the investee by installment into the capital of the equity investment at FVOCI in return for 10% equity interest of the equity
              investment at FVOCI. The other investors agreed to make cash injections proportionate to their holdings. RMB5,000,000 was injected by
              Chizhou Port Holdings into the investee during the year ended 31 December 2020, the remaining RMB15,000,000 was settled during the
              year.



33. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
     (a) Save as disclosed elsewhere in these consolidated financial statements, the Group had the following
              related party transactions during the year:


                                                                                                                       2022                    2021
                                                                                                                  RMB’000                RMB’000


              Lease payment paid to a related company (note)                                                             488                    473

              Note: Ocean Line Hong Kong, a subsidiary of the Company and a related company entered into a tenancy agreement pursuant to
                    which the related party as the landlord agreed to lease certain premises to Ocean Line Hong Kong as the tenant. The annual
                    rental under the tenancy agreement amounted to approximately HK$570,000 from 1 January 2021 and expiring on 31 December
                    2023. Mr. Kwai and Ms. Cheung are the beneficial owners of the related company.


              The above transaction with a related company was negotiated and carried out in the ordinary course of
              business and at terms agreed between the Group and the related company.




                                                              Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                                    125
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      33. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
           (b) Key management personnel compensation
                   The directors of the Company consider that the key management personnel compensation comprises
                   only the emoluments of the directors as disclosed in note 10.


      34. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
           Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities:

                                                                                                        Non-cash changes
                                                             As at                           Interest                                            At
                                                        1 January         Financing         expense           Dividend      Exchange    31 December
                                                             2022         cash flow       recognised          declared*    Movements          2022
                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000


           Year ended 31 December 2022
           Due to a non-controlling interest                1,017           (16,896)               –              15,879           –              –
           Lease liabilities                                  880              (488)              41                   –          64           497


                                                                                                        Non-cash changes
                                                             As at                           Interest                                            At
                                                         1 January        Financing         expense           Dividend      Exchange    31 December
                                                             2021         cash flow       recognised          declared*    Movements           2021
                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000


           Year ended 31 December 2021
           Due to a non-controlling interest                  973              (973)               –               1,017           –          1,017
           Due from a non-controlling interest              (5,600)           5,600                –                   –           –              –
           Lease liabilities                                 1,324             (473)              65                   –         (36)           880

           *       It represented the dividend declared by a non-wholly owned subsidiary as set out in note 38.




126   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2022




35. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
     These risks are limited by the Group’s financial management policies and practices described below.


     (a) Interest rate risk
           As the Group has no significant interest-bearing assets and liabilities, the Group’s income and operating
           cash flows are substantially independent of changes in market interest rate.


     (b) Foreign currency risk
           Currency risk refers to the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate
           because of changes in foreign exchange rates. The Group has foreign currency exposures. Such
           exposures arise from the balance of assets and liabilities in currencies other than the functional currency
           of the Group’s entities. The carrying amounts of the Group’s foreign currency denominated monetary
           assets and monetary liabilities at the reporting date that are considered significant by the directors of the
           Company are stated as follows:


                                                                                                  2022                2021
                                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000


           Assets:
           HK dollar (“HK$”)                                                                    39,556               7,861


           Liabilities
           HK$                                                                                   (1,360)             (1,676)


           Net exposure to foreign currency risk                                                38,196               6,185


           The Group’s policy requires the management monitors foreign exchange exposure by closely monitoring
           the movement of foreign currency rate and may enter into foreign currency options or forward contracts,
           when and where appropriate.


           The following table illustrates the sensitivity of the Group’s profit for the year and retained earnings at end
           of the year in regard to a 5% depreciation in the functional currency of the Group’s entities against the
           foreign currency. These rates are the rates used when reporting foreign currency risk internally to key
           management personnel and represents management’s best assessment of the possible change in foreign
           exchange rates.


           The sensitivity analysis of the Group’s exposure to foreign currency risk at the end of the year has been
           determined based on the assumed percentage changes in foreign currency exchange rates taking place
           at the beginning of the year and held constant throughout the year.




                                                   Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                     127
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      35. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
           (b) Foreign currency risk (continued)

                                                                                                   Increase on profit
                                                                                             for the year/retained earnings
                                                                                                      2022              2021
                                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000


                 HK$                                                                                 1,910                309


                 The same percentage appreciation in the functional currencies of the Group’s entities against the
                 respective foreign currency would have the same magnitude on the Group’s profit or loss and equity but
                 of opposite effect.


           (c)   Credit risk
                 As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk which will cause a
                 financial loss to the Group due to failure to discharge an obligation by the counterparties is primarily
                 attributable to trade and other receivables, debt instruments at FVOCI and bank deposits. The Group has
                 a credit policy in place and exposures to these credit risks are monitored on an ongoing basis.


                 The Group applies simplified approach to measure ECL on trade receivables; and general approach to
                 measure ECL on other receivables, debt instruments at FVOCI, time deposit and cash and cash
                 equivalent. Under the simplified approach, the Group measures the loss allowance at an amount equal to
                 lifetime ECL. Under the general approach, financial assets migrate through the following three stages
                 based on the change in credit risk since initial recognition: Stage 1: 12-month ECL, Stage 2: Lifetime ECL
                 — not credit-impaired and Stage 3: Lifetime ECL — credit-impaired.


                 Financial assets with credit risk exposure
                 (i)    Debt instruments at FVOCI
                        The Group has concentration of credit risk with bills receivables from trade issued by bank. The
                        credit risk on the bills receivables is limited because the counterparties are mainly banks with high
                        credit-rating or with good reputation.


                 (ii)   Other receivables
                        The directors have made individual assessment on the recoverability of other receivables based on
                        historical settlement records, past experience, and also forward-looking information, as appropriate.
                        The Group has considered the consistently low historical default rate in connection with payments,
                        and concluded that credit risk inherent in the Group’s outstanding other receivables is insignificant.




128   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2022




35. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
     (c)   Credit risk (continued)
           Financial assets with credit risk exposure (continued)
           (iii)   Cash and cash equivalent
                   Cash is deposited with financial institutions with sound credit ratings and the Group has exposure
                   limit to any single financial institution. Given their high credit ratings, management does not expect
                   any of these financial institutions and counterparties will fail to meet their obligations.


                   The Group has concentration of credit risk from various customers. In view of their good payment
                   record and long established relationships with the Group, management does not consider the
                   Group’s credit risk to be significant. At 31 December 2022, the Group’s largest trade receivables
                   balance and the five largest trade receivables accounted for 27% (2021: 45%) and 62% (2021: 73%) of
                   the total trade receivable, respectively.


           The Group measures loss allowances for trade receivables at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs, which is
           calculated using a provision matrix. As the Group’s historical credit loss experience does not indicate
           significantly different loss patterns for different customer segments, the loss allowance based on past due
           status is not further distinguished between the Group’s different customer bases.


           The following table provides information about the Group’s exposure to credit risk and ECLs for trade
           receivables:


                                                                            Expected     Gross carrying              Loss
                                                                             loss rate           amount          allowance
                                                                                    %          RMB’000           RMB’000


           As at 31 December 2022
           Neither past due nor impaired                                         0.2%              5,128                –
           1–30 days past due                                                    0.3%                   –               –
           31–90 days past due                                                   1.1%                 29                –
           91–120 days past due                                                  3.4%                   –               –
           Over 120 days past due                                              12.1%               1,006            1,006


                                                                                                   6,163            1,006




                                                    Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                 129
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      35. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
           (c)   Credit risk (continued)

                                                                              Expected      Gross carrying            Loss
                                                                               loss rate          amount        allowance
                                                                                       %         RMB’000         RMB’000


                 As at 31 December 2021
                 Neither past due nor impaired                                       0.2%           2,979                –
                 1–30 days past due                                                  0.3%           1,407                –
                 31–90 days past due                                                 1.1%              32                –
                 91–120 days past due                                                3.4%               –                –
                 Over 120 days past due                                          13.9%              1,014            1,006


                                                                                                    5,432            1,006


                 Expected loss rates are based on actual loss experience over the past 5 years. These rates are adjusted to
                 reflect differences between economic conditions during the year over which the historic data has been
                 collected, current conditions and the Group’s view of economic conditions over the expected lives of the
                 receivables.


                 The Group’s management considers that trade receivables that were past due but not impaired under
                 review are of good credit quality. The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the fair
                 value of trade receivables. The Group does not hold any collateral in respect of trade receivables past due
                 but not impaired.


                 Receivables that were neither past due nor impaired related to a wide range of customers for whom there
                 was no recent history of default.


                 Receivables that were past due but not impaired related to a number of independent customers that had
                 a good track record with the Group. Based on past experience, management believed that no impairment
                 allowance was necessary in respect of these balances as there had been no significant change in credit
                 quality and the balances were still considered fully recoverable.




130   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2022




35. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
     (c)   Credit risk (continued)
           Movement in the loss allowance account in respect of trade receivables during the year is as follows:


                                                                                               2022               2021
                                                                                           RMB’000            RMB’000


           Balance at 1 January                                                                1,006              1,006
           Expected credit losses recognised                                                       –                  –


           Balance at 31 December                                                              1,006              1,006


           There are no significant changes in the gross carrying amount of trade receivables contributed to the
           increase in the loss allowance during the year.


     (d) Liquidity risk
           Liquidity risk relates to the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its obligations associated with its
           financial liabilities. The Group is exposed to liquidity risk in respect of settlement of trade and other
           payables and its financing obligations, and also in respect of its cash flow management. The Group’s
           objective is to maintain an appropriate level of liquid assets and committed lines of funding to meet its
           liquidity requirements in the short and longer term.


           The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor current and expected liquidity requirements to ensure that it
           maintains sufficient reserves of cash and adequate committed lines of funding from major banks and
           financial institutions to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer terms. The Group also
           monitors the utilisation of borrowings and ensures compliance with loan covenants.


           The liquidity policies have been followed by the Group since prior years and are considered to have been
           effective in managing liquidity risks.




                                                    Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                131
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      35. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
           (d) Liquidity risk (continued)
                 The maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities as at the reporting dates, based on the contractual
                 undiscounted payments, are as follows:


                                                                        Total                  More than       More than
                                                                  contractual   On demand    one year but   two years but
                                                     Carrying   undiscounted      or within not exceeding not more than      More than
                                                      amount       cash flow      one year     two years       five years    five years
                                                     RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000


                 At 31 December 2022
                 Trade payables                        9,245           9,245        9,245              –                –             –
                 Other payables and accruals          56,591          56,591       56,591              –                –             –
                 Lease liabilities                       497             511          511              –                –             –


                                                      66,333          66,347       66,347              –                –             –


                                                                        Total                  More than       More than
                                                                  contractual   On demand    one year but   two years but
                                                     Carrying   undiscounted      or within not exceeding not more than      More than
                                                      amount        cash flow     one year      two years       five years    five years
                                                     RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000


                 At 31 December 2021
                 Trade payables                         8,611          8,611         8,611             –                –             –
                 Other payables and accruals           59,854         59,854        59,854             –                –             –
                 Due to a non-controlling interest      1,017          1,017         1,017             –                –             –
                 Lease liabilities                       880             931          466            465                –             –


                                                       70,362         70,413        69,948           465                –             –


           (e) Fair value
                 Financial instruments not measured at fair value include cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables,
                 deposits and other receivables, time deposit, trade payables, other payables and accruals, lease liabilities
                 and amount due to a non-controlling interest.


                 The fair values of the Group’s financial assets and liabilities were not materially different from their
                 carrying amounts because of the immediate or short term maturity of these financial instruments.




132   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2022




35. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
     (f)   Summary of financial assets and financial liabilities by category
           The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the reporting dates are as
           follows:


           Financial assets


                                                                                           2022             2021
                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000


           At amortised costs
           — Trade receivables                                                            5,157             4,426
           — Deposits and other receivables                                               2,351               570
           — Time deposit                                                                35,328                 –
           — Cash and cash equivalents                                                  253,465           231,151


                                                                                        296,301           236,147
           Debt instruments at FVOCI                                                      1,185                 –
           Equity investment at FVOCI                                                    17,838             4,568


                                                                                        315,324           240,715


           Financial liabilities


                                                                                           2022             2021
                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000


           At amortised costs
           — Trade payables                                                               9,245             8,611
           — Other payables and accruals                                                 56,591            59,854
           — Due to a non-controlling interest                                                 –            1,017


                                                                                         65,836            69,482




                                                 Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED             133
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      36. CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
           The Group’s capital management objectives include:


           (i)     to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, so that it continues to provide returns for
                   owners and benefits for other stakeholders;


           (ii)    to support the Group’s stability and growth; and


           (iii)   to provide capital for the purpose of strengthening the Group’s risk management capability.


           The capital structure of the Group consists of net debt, which includes bank borrowings, net of cash and cash
           equivalents and equity attributable to the owners of the Company.


           The directors of the Company review the capital structure on a continuous basis. As part of this review, the
           directors of the Company consider the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. Based
           on recommendations of the directors, the Group will balance its overall capital structure through payment of
           dividends, issue of new shares as well as issue of new debts. The Group monitors capital on the basis of gross
           gearing ratio. Gearing ratio is calculated based on the total debts which include payable incurred not in the
           ordinary course of business, divided by total equity.


           The Group’s total debts and total equity and gross gearing ratio at 31 December 2022 and 2021 were as follows:


                                                                                                      2022              2021
                                                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000


           Total debts                                                                                    –             1,017
           Total equity                                                                            625,971           556,077


           Gross gearing ratio (%)                                                                     N/A              0.2%




134   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2022




37. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS
     The share option scheme of the Company (the “Share Option Scheme”) has been conditionally adopted by
     way of shareholder’s written resolution passed on 1 June 2018. The Share Option scheme has become
     unconditional on the 10 July 2018 (i.e. the listing date of the Company) and, unless otherwise cancelled or
     amended, will remain in force for 10 years from that date.


     Summary of the terms of the Share Option Scheme are set out below:


     (i)    Purpose of the Share Option Scheme
            The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to enable the Company to grant options to the eligible
            participants who, has contributed or may contribute to the Group as incentive or reward for their
            contribution to the Group to subscribe for the Company’s shares (“the Shares”) thereby linking their
            interest with that of the Group.


     (ii)   Eligibility of the Share Option Scheme
            The “Eligible participants” of the Share Option Scheme include any employee, adviser, consultant, service
            provider, agent, customer, partner or joint-venture partner of the Company or any subsidiary (including
            any director of the Company or any subsidiary) who is in full-time or part-time employment with or
            otherwise engaged by the Company or any subsidiary at the time when an option is granted to such
            employee, adviser, consultant, service provider, agent, customer, partner or joint-venture partner who, in
            the absolute discretion of the Company’s Board, has contributed or may contribute to the Group as
            incentive or reward for their contribution to the Group to subscribe for the Shares thereby linking their
            interest with that of the Group.


     (iii) Maximum number of Shares in respect of which options may be granted
            As at 31 December 2022 and 2021 and the date of this annual report, the maximum number of Shares in
            respect of which options may be granted under the Share Option Scheme of the Group must not in
            aggregate exceed 10% of the total number of Shares in issue (i.e. 80,000,000 Shares).


     (iv) Maximum entitlement of each participant
            No Participants shall be granted an option if total number of the Shares issued and to be issued upon
            exercise of the options granted and to be granted to each grantee (including both exercised, cancelled
            and outstanding options) in any 12-month period up to and including the date of grant to such participant
            would exceed in aggregate 1% of the Shares for the time being in issue unless the proposed grant has
            been approved by the shareholder of the Company in general meeting with proposed grantee and its
            associates (as defined in the GEM Listing Rules) abstaining from voting.


     (v)    Period within which the Shares must be taken up under an option
            An option may be exercised in accordance at any time during the period to be determined and identified
            by the Company’s Board (“the Board”) to each grantee at the time of making an offer for the grant of an
            option, but in any event no later than 10 years from the date of grant but subject to the early termination
            of the Share Option Scheme.




                                                 Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                 135
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      37. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (continued)
           (vi) Minimum period, if any, for which an option must be held before it can be exercised
                 At the time of granting an option, the Company’s directors (“the Directors”) may, at their discretion,
                 specify the minimum period(s), if any, for which an option must be held before it can be exercised.


           (vii) Amount payable upon acceptance of the option and the period within which the
                 payment must be made
                 HK$1.00 shall be paid within 21 days from, and inclusive of the date of offer of the option.


           (viii) Basis of determining the exercise price of the option
                 The exercise price for Shares under the Share Option Scheme shall be a price determined at the
                 discretion of the Directors, but in any case will not be less than the highest of:


                 (i)     the closing price of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the date
                         of the offer, which must be a business date;


                 (ii)    the average closing price of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheets for
                         the five business days immediately preceding the date of the offer; or


                 (iii)   the nominal value of a Share on the offer date of the particular option.


           (ix) Remaining life of the Share Option Scheme
                 Subject to early termination of the Scheme pursuant to the terms thereof, the Share Option Scheme shall
                 be valid and effective for a period of 10 years commencing from the date on which the Share Option
                 Scheme becomes effective, i.e. 1 June 2018 and ending on 31 May 2028.


           On 23 December 2019, the controlling shareholders of the Company granted 1,334 shares of Vital Force to an
           executive director of the Company under the sales and purchase agreement as a reward for employee services
           to the Group without vesting conditions and without recharging arrangement. The estimated fair value of the
           share-based payments recognised on 23 December 2019 of RMB3,680,000 (equivalent to approximately
           HK$4,000,000 was expensed to the consolidated statement of comprehensive income as directors’
           remuneration and was capitalised in other reserves.


           During the year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, there is no option outstanding, granted, exercised,
           cancelled and lapsed under the Share Option scheme.




136   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2022




38. NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS
     Chizhou Port Holdings, a 72% owned subsidiary of the Company and Chizhou Niutoushan, a 77.7% owned
     subsidiary of the Company, have material non-controlling interests (“NCI”). Summarised financial information in
     relation to Chizhou Port Holdings and Chizhou Niutoushan, before intra-group eliminations, is presented below:


     (a) Chizhou Port Holdings

                                                                                                                   2022                   2021
                                                                                                             RMB’000                RMB’000


           Revenue                                                                                             129,738                117,889
           Profit for the year                                                                                  70,267                 70,974
           Total comprehensive income                                                                           68,537                 71,038


           Profit allocated to NCI                                                                              15,536                 16,361
           Total comprehensive income allocated to NCI                                                          15,052                 16,379
           Dividends declared to NCI (note)                                                                    (14,698)                       –


           Cash flows generated from operating activities                                                       71,109                 91,834
           Cash flows used in investing activities                                                             (14,581)                (20,579)
           Cash flows used in financing activities                                                             (53,109)                       –


           Net cash inflows                                                                                       3,419                71,255


           Current assets                                                                                      158,673                154,412
           Non-current assets                                                                                  466,423                466,481
           Current liabilities                                                                                (109,334)              (120,711)
           Non-current liabilities                                                                              (32,752)              (33,216)


           Net assets                                                                                          483,010                466,966
           Proportion of the ownership interest and voting rights held by NCI                                     28%                  28.0%

           Accumulated non-controlling interests                                                               117,743                117,389

           Note: On 18 April 2022, Chizhou Port Holdings declared dividend of approximately RMB52,492,000 (the “2022 Declared Dividend of
                 Chizhou Port Holdings”) to its shareholders. The 2022 Declared Dividends of Chizhou Port Holdings was distributed in
                 accordance with the respective individual equity interests of the shareholders, out of the 2022 Declared Dividend of Chizhou Port
                 Holdings, the Group was entitled to dividend of approximately RMB37,794,000 in respect of its equity interest of 72% and of
                 approximately RMB14,698,000 to the party with equity interests of 28% in Chizhou Port Holdings, respectively.




                                                          Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                                   137
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      38. NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (continued)
           (b) Chizhou Niutoushan

                                                                                                                       2022                   2021
                                                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000


                 Revenue                                                                                               55,154                 52,114
                 Profit for the year                                                                                   28,994                 26,302
                 Total comprehensive income                                                                            28,994                 26,302

                 Profit and total comprehensive income allocated to NCI                                                  6,456                  5,858
                 Dividends declared to NCI (note)                                                                       (1,181)                (1,017)


                 Cash flows generated from operating activities                                                        24,472                  39,015
                 Cash flows used in investing activities                                                              (11,760)                 (4,605)
                 Cash flows used in financing activities                                                              (24,644)                (20,292)


                 Net cash (outflows)/inflows                                                                          (11,932)                14,118

                 Current assets                                                                                       35,649                  41,922
                 Non-current assets                                                                                  108,828                 101,997
                 Current liabilities                                                                                 (26,650)                (31,459)


                 Net assets                                                                                          117,827                 112,460
                 Proportion of the ownership interest and voting rights held by NCI                                  22.27%                  22.27%

                 Accumulated non-controlling interests                                                                 29,110                 23,835

                 Note: On 23 March 2022, Chizhou Niutoushan declared dividend of approximately RMB23,627,000 (the “2022 Declared Dividend of
                       Chizhou Niutoushan”) to its shareholders. The 2022 Declared Dividend of Chizhou Niutoushan was distributed in accordance
                       with the respective individual equity interests of the shareholders, out of the 2022 Declared Dividend of Chizhou Niutoushan, the
                       Group was entitled to dividend of approximately RMB14,572,000 in respect of its equity interest of 61.67%, approximately
                       RMB7,874,000 to the party with equity interests of 33.33%, and of approximately RMB1,181,000 to the party with equity interests
                       of 5% in Chizhou Niutoushan, respectively.

                        On 10 May 2021, Chizhou Niutoushan declared dividend of approximately RMB20,336,000 (the “2021 Declared Dividend of
                        Chizhou Niutoushan”) to its shareholders. The 2021 Declared Dividend of Chizhou Niutoushan was distributed in accordance
                        with the respective individual equity interests of the shareholders, out of the 2021 Declared Dividend of Chizhou Niutoushan, the
                        Group was entitled to dividend of approximately RMB12,541,000 in respect of its equity interest of 61.67%, approximately
                        RMB6,778,000 to the party with equity interests of 33.33%, and of approximately RMB1,017,000 to the party with equity interests
                        of 5% in Chizhou Niutoushan, respectively.




138   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2022




39. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE
    COMPANY

                                                                                   2022          2021
                                                                   Note         RMB’000       RMB’000


     ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
     Non-current assets
       Property, plant and equipment                                                   –             –
       Investment in subsidiaries                                                144,000       144,000


                                                                                 144,000       144,000


     Current asset
       Prepayments and other receivables                                              31            30
       Due from subsidiaries                                                     103,962        40,525
       Cash and cash equivalents                                                      60            34


                                                                                 104,053        40,589


     Current liabilities
       Accruals                                                                       852          792
       Due to a subsidiary                                                          7,616        7,616


                                                                                    8,468        8,408


     Net current assets                                                           95,585        32,181


     Net assets                                                                  239,585       176,181


     EQUITY
      Share capital                                                 30             6,758          6,758
      Reserve                                                                    198,326       198,326
      Retained earnings/(accumulated losses)                                      34,501        (28,903)


     Total equity (note)                                                         239,585       176,181




                           Kwai Sze Hoi                                   Huang Xueliang
                             Director                                        Director



                                               Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED    139
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      39. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE
          COMPANY (continued)
           Note:

                                                                                                                                                  Retained
                                                                                                                                                  earnings/
                                                            Share                 Share              Capital                 Other            (accumulated
                                                           capital             premium               reserve               reserve                  losses)                   Total
                                                          RMB’000              RMB’000              RMB’000               RMB’000                  RMB’000                  RMB’000


           At 1 January 2021                                 6,758                50,277             144,369                  3,680                 (25,753)                179,331

           Loss and total comprehensive
             income for the year                                 –                       –                    –                   –                  (3,150)                  (3,150)


           At 31 December 2021 and
             1 January 2022                                 6,758                 50,277            144,369                   3,680                (28,903)                 176,181

           Profit and total comprehensive
             income for the year                                 –                       –                    –                   –                 63,404                   63,404


           At 31 December 2022                              6,758                 50,277            144,369                   3,680                 34,501                  239,585



      40. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES

                                       Place and                Particulars of issued and                         Effective percentage
                                       date of                     fully paid up share                                of equity held                           Principal
             Company name              incorporation            capital/registered capital                          by the Company                             activities
                                                                      As at              As at             As at                           As at
                                                               31 December        31 December         31 December                     31 December
                                                                      2022               2021              2022                            2021
                                                                                                    Directly     Indirectly         Directly      Indirectly


             Ocean Line Chizhou        BVI                            US$2                   US$2   100.00%              –         100.00%                – Investment holding
                                       9 October 2007

             Noble Century             BVI                           US$10               US$10      100.00%              –         100.00%                – Investment holding
               Ventures Limited        26 April 2017

             Chizhou Port Holdings     The PRC              RMB342,177,063 RMB342,177,063                 –         72.00%                –          72.00% Port operation
               (notes 1 and 4)         18 December 2007

             Yuan Hang Port            The PRC                 RMB100,000          RMB100,000             –        100.00%                –         100.00% Investment holding
               Development             28 November 2017
               (Chizhou) Limited
               (note 2)




140   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2022




40. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES (continued)

                                    Place and               Particulars of issued and                         Effective percentage
                                    date of                    fully paid up share                                of equity held                           Principal
          Company name              incorporation           capital/registered capital                          by the Company                             activities
                                                                 As at               As at             As at                           As at
                                                          31 December         31 December         31 December                     31 December
                                                                 2022                2021              2022                            2021
                                                                                                Directly     Indirectly         Directly      Indirectly


          Chizhou Logistic          The PRC                RMB500,000          RMB500,000             –         72.00%                –          72.00% Logistic services
            (note 3)                27 April 2021

          Chizhou Niutoushan        The PRC             RMB80,000,000       RMB80,000,000             –         77.73%                –          77.73% Port operation
            (notes 3 and 4)         11 April 2012

          Chizhou Meilong           The PRC             RMB20,000,000       RMB20,000,000             –         51.84%                –          51.84% Inactive
            (notes 3 and 4)         3 December 2020

          Ocean Line Hong Kong      Hong Kong                    HK$1                    HK$1         –        100.00%                –         100.00% Investment holding
                                    30 October 2017

          Qianjiang Logistic        The PRC              RMB1,000,000                       –         –         77.73%                –               – Logistic services
            (note 3)                28 March 2022

     Notes:

     1.          a Sino-foreign equity joint venture operating in the PRC.

     2.          a wholly foreign owned enterprise operating in the PRC.

     3.          a limited liability company operating in the PRC.

     4.          The business operations of the Group for the provision of port services in the PRC are carried out by Chizhou Port Holdings and its
                 subsidiaries. Chizhou Port Holdings is a Sino-foreign equity joint venture in which the PRC government own and hold, indirectly, 28% of
                 its equity interests and hence have significant influence over Chizhou Port Holdings. Chizhou Port Holdings and its subsidiaries operate
                 in the PRC, an economic environment currently predominated by entities directly or indirectly controlled by the PRC government
                 through its government authorities, agencies, affiliations and other organisations (collectively referred to as “state-controlled entities”).
                 Chizhou Port Holdings and its subsidiaries have entered into transactions with other PRC state-controlled entities during their ordinary
                 course of businesses including but not limited to the purchases of inventories, construction works, rendering and receiving services and
                 use of public utilities, among others.




                                                                    Annual Report 2022 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                                                 141
      FINANCIAL SUMMARY



      The following table summarises the results, assets and liabilities of the Group for the years ended 31 December
      2018, 2019, 2020, 2021 and 2022:


                                                                   For the year ended 31 December
                                                         2018         2019          2020         2021          2022
                                                     RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000


      RESULTS
      REVENUE                                          94,344       146,225      150,502       165,837      187,377
      PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                33,138        78,582       75,250        94,249      107,687
      INCOME TAX EXPENSE                                (7,758)     (18,485)      (11,066)     (14,749)     (20,234)
      PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO
        OWNERS OF THE COMPANY                          17,765        41,432       44,579        57,206       64,092


                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                         2018         2019          2020         2021          2022
                                                     RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000


      ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
      TOTAL ASSETS                                    491,757       616,011      650,180       748,461      813,156
      TOTAL LIABILITIES                               (145,117)    (206,796)     (172,650)    (192,384)    (187,185)
      NET ASSETS                                      346,640       409,215      477,530       556,077      625,971
      EQUITY ATTRIBUTABLE TO
        OWNERS OF THE COMPANY                         262,592       307,704      351,926       409,178      472,024




142   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / Annual Report 2022
