CHARACTERISTICS OF GEM OF THE STOCK EXCHANGE OF HONG KONG LIMITED (THE
“STOCK EXCHANGE”)

GEM has been positioned as a market designed to accommodate small and mid-sized
companies to which a higher investment risk may be attached than other companies listed
on the Stock Exchange. Prospective investors should be aware of the potential risks of
investing in such companies and should make the decision to invest only after due and
careful consideration.

Given that the companies listed on GEM are generally small and mid-sized companies,
there is a risk that securities traded on GEM may be more susceptible to high market
volatility than securities traded on the Main Board and no assurance is given that there will
be a liquid market in the securities traded on GEM.

Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and the Stock Exchange take no responsibility for
the contents of this report, make no representation as to its accuracy or completeness and
expressly disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from or in reliance
upon the whole or any part of the contents of this report.

This report for which the directors (the “Directors”) of Ocean Line Port Development Limited
(the “Company”) collectively and individually accept full responsibility, includes particulars given
in compliance with the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on GEM of the Stock Exchange
(the “GEM Listing Rules”) for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Company.
The Directors, having made all reasonable enquiries, confirm that to the best of their knowledge
and belief, the information contained in this report is accurate and complete in all material
respects and not misleading or deceptive, and there are no other matters the omission of which
would make any statement herein or this report misleading.
CONTENTS
                                                 Pages
CORPORATE INFORMATION                               2
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT                                4
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                  6
BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT     13
DIRECTORS’ REPORT                                  17
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT                        28
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT        41
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT                       69
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME     73
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION       74
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY        76
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS               78
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS     80
FINANCIAL SUMMARY                                 150
    CORPORATE INFORMATION




    DIRECTORS                                        AUDITOR
    Executive Directors:                             BDO Limited
    Mr. Kwai Sze Hoi (Chairman)
    Mr. Huang Xueliang                               PRINCIPAL BANKERS
                                                     Agricultural Bank of China
    Non-executive Director:                          Chizhou Jiuhua Rural Commercial Bank
    Ms. Cheung Wai Fung                              Huishang Bank
                                                     Industrial and Commercial Bank of China
    Independent non-executive Directors:               (Asia) Limited
    Mr. Nie Rui                                      BNP Paribas
    Mr. Cheung Sze Ming
    Dr. Li Weidong                                   PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
                                                     TRANSFER OFFICE IN THE CAYMAN
    AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES                       ISLANDS
    Mr. Kwai Sze Hoi                                 Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited
    Mr. Lee Chun Hin                                 Cricket Square
                                                     Hutchins Drive
    AUDIT COMMITTEE                                  P.O. Box 2681
    Mr. Cheung Sze Ming (Chairman)                   Grand Cayman KY1-1111
    Mr. Nie Rui                                      Cayman Islands
    Dr. Li Weidong
                                                     HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                           REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE
    Mr. Nie Rui (Chairman)                           Tricor Investor Services Limited
    Mr. Cheung Sze Ming                              17/F, Far East Finance Centre
    Dr. Li Weidong                                   16 Harcourt Road
                                                     Hong Kong
    NOMINATION COMMITTEE
    Dr. Li Weidong (Chairman)                        REGISTERED OFFICE
    Mr. Nie Rui                                      Cricket Square
    Mr. Cheung Sze Ming                              Hutchins Drive
                                                     P.O. Box 2681
    COMPANY SECRETARY                                Grand Cayman KY1-1111
    Mr. Lee Chun Hin                                 Cayman Islands




2   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
CORPORATE INFORMATION




HEADQUARTER, HEAD OFFICE AND
PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
THE PRC
No. 8 Yanjiang Avenue
Chizhou Economic Development Zone
Chizhou, Anhui
PRC


PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
HONG KONG REGISTERED UNDER
PART 16 OF THE COMPANIES
ORDINANCE
Room 2715–16, 27/F.
Hong Kong Plaza
188 Connaught Road West
Hong Kong


COMPANY WEBSITE
www.oceanlineport.com


STOCK CODE
8502




                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED   3
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



    Since 2007, we have established Chizhou Port Ocean Line Holdings Limited (“Chizhou Port Holdings”) in Chizhou
    City, Anhui Province, the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”). We have been operating at the Jiangkou Terminal
    and the Niutoushan Terminal since 2008 and 2013, respectively. The subsidiaries of Ocean Line Port Development
    Limited (the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) were granted honour such as the National
    Outstanding Foreign Investment Enterprise as well as the Outstanding Foreign Investment Enterprise in Anhui
    Province and in Chizhou City (全國、安徽省、池州市優秀外資企業), Credible Enterprise of Yangtze River
    Transportation System (長江航運系統誠信企業), Outstanding Transportation Enterprise in Anhui Province (安徽省聯合
    運輸優秀企業) and Grade A Tax Credit Enterprise in Anhui Province (安徽省A級納稅信用企業) and became the only
    terminal classified as national Category-1 port in Chizhou City and the largest public terminal. In 2021, the Jiangkou
    Terminal was awarded the honour as a Multi-mode Transport Demonstration Project under the“14th Five-Year Plan”
    (“十四五”多式聯運示範項目).


    In 2023, under the complex and volatile environment at home and abroad, the recovery of the market and the
    economy fell short of expectations, the prices of non-metallic mineral products had remained at low levels for a long
    time, and some mining companies in the hinterland of Chizhou temporarily suspended or reduced production, which
    brought challenges to our production and operations. Over the past year, we have been grasping the nettle, forging
    ahead, taking proactive actions, focusing on internal management, expanding markets, and solidly launching the
    “Cost Reduction and Efficiency Enhancement Campaign” (“降本增效活動”), and pushing forward all the tasks in an
    orderly manner.


    Operations remained relatively stable this year. Against the backdrop of an unfavorable market environment for port
    production, the Group’s port cargo throughput volume, operating revenue and profits remained relatively stable,
    with all per capita indicators remaining at an advanced level of the industry, and the Group has basically completed
    various tasks of the year.


    New progress was made in project construction this year. As an important part of the Multi-mode Transport
    Demonstration Project, the long-planned Dedicated Port-entering Railway Line Project (進港鐵路專用線項目) was
    officially launched. During the year, the establishment of Chizhou Railway Construction and Operation Company
    Limited (池州市鐵路建設營運有限公司), Chizhou City Huida Port Transportation Company Limited (池州市滙達港口運
    輸有限公司) and Chizhou Port Guohai Port Services Company Limited (池州港國海港口服務有限公司) was finalized,
    which will promote the construction of ports and port-entering railway respectively, forming a “One Dedicated Line
    and Two Ports” (“一專線兩碼頭”) structure. Chizhou Niutoushan warehouse No. 1 was completed and put into
    operation, providing considerable source of cargo support for the Niutoushan Port Terminal; the complex building in
    Niutoushan Port was completed and put into operation, which greatly improved the working and living environment
    of port employees.




4   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



The brand image of the corporate was “newly” improved this year. Chizhou Port Holdings was honored as one of
the Top Ten “Efficiency Per Mu” Leaders of Logistics Enterprises in Anhui Province (安徽省物流企業“畝均效益”領跑
者十強單位), the 2023 Advanced Collective of the Provincial Port and Shipping Group (省港航集團2023年度先進集體),
the Provincial Specialized, Special and New SMEs (省專精特新中小企業), and the Provincial Innovative SMEs (省創新
型中小企業). The Jiangkou Terminal Logistics Park was approved as the Demonstration Logistics Park of Anhui
Province (安徽省示範物流園). In terms of corporate management, Chizhou Port Holdings was awarded the Third Prize
of Anhui Province’s 19th (2023) Enterprise Management Modernization Innovation Achievement (安徽省第十九屆
(2023年)企業管理現代化創新成果三等獎). In terms of corporate culture management, Chizhou Port Holdings won the
Second Class Award for Outstanding Achievements in National Corporate Culture for the Years 2022–2023 (2022–
2023年度全國企業文化優秀成果二等獎).


The safety and environmental protection situation was stable this year. There were no general or serious safety and
environmental accidents throughout the year. All indicators were within the control range set at the beginning of the
year. The corporate’s safety and environmental protection situation was basically stable.


The year 2024 is the year of the full-scale construction of the Dedicated Port-entering Railway Line. It is the year for
the improvement of our corporate culture, and also a very important year for the transformation and development of
the corporation. The Group will strive for innovation and top performance, and will implement all tasks with stronger
commitment, more practical measures and tougher style, in order to realize the Group’s sustainable development.




Ocean Line Port Development Limited
Kwai Sze Hoi
Chairman and Executive Director


Hong Kong, 26 March 2024




                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                 5
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




    BUSINESS REVIEW
    The Group is an inland terminal operator in the PRC and is principally engaged in the provision of port logistic
    services (including uploading and unloading of cargoes, bulk cargo handling services, container handling, storage
    and other services). The Group operates two port terminals, namely, Jiangkou Terminal and Niutoushan Terminal,
    both situated in Chizhou City, Anhui Province, the PRC. Chizhou City, located in the upper reach of the downstream
    section of the Yangtze River, is an important port city in the southwestern region of Anhui Province. It is also a crucial
    component of the integrated development of the Yangtze River Delta. With abundant mining resources as its biggest
    strengths, Chizhou City is an integral non-metallic mineral base in Eastern China. There are eleven multi-purpose/bulk
    cargo berths in the two major terminals of the Group, including the four multi-purpose/bulk cargo berths of the new
    phase (Phase III) of Jiangkou Terminal, making the Group the largest public port operator in Chizhou City, as well as
    an important driver of the opening-up and promoting of investment and business in Chizhou City.


    For 2023, the Group’s throughput volume of bulk cargo and container were 27.8 million tonnes (2022: 29.1 million
    tonnes) and 19,199 TEUs (2022: 12,446 TEUs), respectively, representing a decrease of 4.4% and an increase of 54.3%,
    respectively as compared to last year. The Group’s revenue and profit were RMB173.6 million (2022: RMB187.4
    million) and RMB81.1 million (2022: RMB87.5 million), representing a decrease of 7.4% and 7.3%, respectively as
    compared to last year.


    The throughput volume was mainly influenced by the following factors:


    Firstly, the economic recovery fell short of expectations. In 2023, under the complex and volatile environment at
    home and abroad, the recovery of the market economy fell short of expectations, the prices of non-mineral products
    had remained at low levels for a long time, and some mining companies in the hinterland of Chizhou temporarily
    suspended or reduced production, which brought challenges to our production and operations.


    Secondly, we adopted wolf marketing (狼性行銷) to seize the source of cargo. In light of the severe production and
    operation situation, we did not hesitate nor deploy a passive strategy correspondingly. Instead, we took every
    initiative possible by maintaining immense vigor and energetic attitude aiming to improve our market share. Also, we
    have strived to explore and retain customer base, including actively led the “Land to Water” (“陸改水“) (water
    transportation in lieu of land transportation), and made every effort to promote the shipping volume of marginal
    customers. By achieving the above, we have successfully ensured the smooth and orderly development of port
    production.

    Thirdly, we vigorously developed the container business. Our operating staffs actively liaised with and successfully
    introduced foreign trading shipping companies, and opened a container return point at Chizhou Port, adding
    momentum to the development of our container business. In addition, we actively promoted the “Bulk Cargoes to
    Containers” (“散改集“) (the change in transportation form from bulk cargo to container). Container volume hit a
    record high for the year.


    Fourthly, we have launched the “Cost Reduction and Efficiency Enhancement Campaign”, whereby we had refined
    the “five objectives and ten measures” (“五項目標和十項措施”) for cost reduction and efficiency improvement.
    Starting from key indicators such as budget execution, labor efficiency per capita, and energy consumption per
    RMB10,000 turnover (萬元產值能耗), we had utilized the reverse approach (倒逼方式) by unit consumption costs
    indicators to refine every step and every policy of our management. Hence, a “Cost Reduction and Efficiency
    Enhancement Culture” had gradually been formed.


6   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




OUTLOOK
Year 2024 marks the 75th anniversary of the founding of the People’s Republic of China. It is a critical year for realizing
the objectives and tasks of the PRC government’s “14th Five-Year” Plan (“十四五”規劃). Since our listing five years
ago, we have strengthened our abilities and have gotten well prepared (厚積薄發). Year 2024 shall be a promising
and critical period for us. We shall deeply analyze the risks and challenges facing us, grasp development
opportunities accurately, and strive to reach new heights in all performance indicators.


Risks and Challenges
From the perspective of changes of the external environment, global economic slowdown is simmering due to
external factors such as the conflict between China and the United States, the Russo-Ukrainian war, the Gaza and Red
Sea crises, which have resulted in sluggish shipping demand and severe constraints on the growth of international
investment and trading. The requirements to “reduce carbon emissions” in shipping have increased the industry’s
costs, asserting pressure on the profit margins of shipping enterprises and increasing risks and uncertainties facing
the shipping market as a whole.


Development Opportunities
From the perspective of economic development, the PRC’s long-term positive trend has not changed. The
government’s macro policies tend to be proactive, and fiscal policies continue to support infrastructure investment.
The government supports rigid improvement demands and the construction of three major projects (the planning
and construction of affordable housing (規劃建設保障性住房), urban village renovation (城中村改造) and the
construction of public infrastructure construction for both “normal and emergency use” (“平急兩用“公共基礎設施建
設)) will continue to boost demand for water transportation. The government’s monetary policies are expected to
exert forces, unleash the liquidity and vitality of the market, help to revive consumption and stabilize investment.


From the perspective of industry development opportunities, government at all levels has attached great importance
to the development of water transportation, and the scale of policies support is unprecedented. The development of
Anhui Province’s water transportation industry has ushered in new major opportunities. The time has come to build a
province with strong inland river transportation. The momentum has been established and the future is brilliant.


As an important part of the Multi-mode Transport Demonstration Project, the long-planned Dedicated Port-entering
Railway Line Project (進港鐵路專用線項目) was officially launched. During the year, the establishment of Chizhou
Railway Construction and Operation Company Limited (池州市鐵路建設營運有限公司), Chizhou City Huida Port
Transportation Company Limited (池州市滙達港口運輸有限公司) and Chizhou Port Guohai Port Services Company
Limited (池州港國海港口服務有限公司) was finalized, which will promote the construction of ports and port-entering
railway respectively, forming a “One Dedicated Line and Two Ports” (“一專線兩碼頭”) structure, and Year 2024 is the
year when the construction of the Dedicated Port-entering Railway Line project is expected to be fully launched. The
Group will adhere to the strategy of “relying on ports for logistics and developing logistics for strengthening the
ports” (“依托港口做物流，發展物流強港口”), and to promote the rational layout of the industry, accelerate the
improvement of port service and logistics service systems, make up for shortcomings, improve quality and efficiency,
prevent risks, and make adequate preparations for achieving better results in 2024.




                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                   7
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




    FINANCIAL REVIEW
    Revenue

                                                                   Year ended
                                                                  31 December
                                                                  2023             2022       Increase/(decrease)
                                                              RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000                  %


    Revenue from provision of uploading
      and unloading services


    Bulk cargo and break bulk cargo                            145,839          162,431        (16,592)          (10.2)
    Containers                                                    3,516           2,204          1,312              59.5


    Subtotal                                                   149,355          164,635        (15,280)             (9.3)


    Revenue from provision of ancillary port services           24,228           22,742          1,486               6.5


    Total revenue                                              173,583          187,377        (13,794)             (7.4)


                                                                   Year ended
                                                                  31 December
                                                                  2023             2022       Increase/(decrease)
                                                                                                                      %


    Total cargo throughput (thousand tonnes)                   27,778.9         29,057.3      (1,278.4)             (4.4)


    Container throughput (TEUs)                                 19,199           12,446        6,753.0              54.3


    Our revenue which is principally generated from the provision of uploading and unloading services was
    approximately RMB149.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 and RMB164.6 million for the year ended 31
    December 2022. The decrease in revenue was mainly due to the decrease in cargo handling revenue since the
    throughput of cargo decreased by approximately 1.3 million tonnes as compared to 2022. As a result of the general
    economic slowdown in the PRC and the slowdown in the progress of major infrastructure projects, the demand for
    and prices of non-metallic minerals and building materials products fell, some customers temporarily suspended work
    and reduced production, and there was a shortage of commodities, resulting in a decrease in the throughput volume
    of cargo.




8   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Cost of services
Our cost of services primarily consists of depreciation of property, plant and equipment, staff cost, subcontracting
fee, fuel and oil, consumables, electricity, repairs and maintenance expenses and others.


For the year ended 31 December 2023, our cost of services was approximately RMB62.5 million (2022: RMB72.2
million), representing a decrease of RMB9.7 million or approximately 13.4% as compared to the last year. The
decrease in cost of services was mainly attributable to the decrease in repairs and maintenance expenses of
approximately RMB8.8 million due to less large-scale repair and maintenance activities being carried out during the
year.


Gross profit and gross profit margin

                                                                Year ended
                                                               31 December
                                                                2023            2022        Increase/(decrease)
                                                                                                                    %


Gross profit (RMB’000)                                       111,109         115,133          (4,024)             (3.5)


Gross profit margin (%)                                          64.0            61.4            2.6              N/A


For the year ended 31 December 2023, our gross profit decreased to approximately RMB111.1 million. The decrease
in gross profit was primarily due to the decreased throughput volume of cargo by 4.4% in terms of tonnes for the year
ended 31 December 2023. As we utilized our operating capacity more efficiently, our gross profit margin increased to
64.0%.


Administrative expenses
For the year ended 31 December 2023, our administrative expenses increased by approximately RMB6.8 million or
34.6% which was primarily due to increase in administrative staff costs and research and development related costs
for the improvement and development of port equipment, computer system and technique to be used in our port
operations of approximately RMB5.3 million.




                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                 9
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Income tax expenses
     For the year ended 30 December 2023, the Group’s income tax expense amounted to approximately RMB17.0 million
     (2022: RMB20.2 million), representing an decrease of RMB3.2 million or approximately 15.8% as compared to last
     year. The profit generated from one of the Qualifying Project of Chizhou Port Holdings for the year 2023 and 2022
     enjoyed 50% tax reduction (the “3-Year 50% Tax Reduction Entitlement”). Save for the mentioned better tax
     preferential policy being enjoyed by the Qualifying Project, as High and New Technology Enterprises, Chizhou Port
     Holdings and Chizhou Ocean Line Niutoushan Limited (“Chizhou Niutoushan”), subsidiaries of the Company will pay
     the enterprise income tax at the rate of 15% for three consecutive financial years from 2022 to 2024 and from 2023 to
     2025, respectively (“3-Year High and New Technology Enterprises Tax Entitlements”). For the year ended 31
     December 2023, the effective tax rate is approximately 17.4% (2022: 18.8%). Should the deferred tax income for the
     year ended 31 December 2023 of approximately RMB0.7 million be excluded, the adjusted effective tax rate would
     have been approximately 16.6%. Our adjusted effective tax rate for the year ended 31 December 2023 was lower than
     that of the PRC EIT standard rate of 25% mainly because of the 3-Year 50% Tax Reduction Entitlement for the
     Qualifying Project and the 3-Year High and New Technology Enterprises Tax Entitlements for Chizhou Port Holdings
     from 2022 to 2024 and Chizhou Niutoushan from 2023 to 2025.


     Profit for the year
     As a result of the foregoing, we recorded profit for the year of approximately RMB81.1 million (2022: RMB87.5
     million). Our net profit margin was approximately 46.7% (2022: 46.7%).


     Property, plant and equipment
     As at 31 December 2023, net carrying amount property, plant and equipment amounted to approximately RMB400.3
     million (31 December 2022: RMB417.4 million). It mainly represented (i) terminal facilities of approximately RMB256.3
     million (31 December 2022: RMB270.0 million); (ii) port machinery and equipment of approximately RMB46.2 million
     (31 December 2022: RMB51.6 million), and (iii) right-of-use assets of approximately RMB60.3 million (31 December
     2022: RMB60.7 million). The decrease of the balance was mainly due to the net effect of (i) addition of property, plant
     and equipment (including construction in progress and right-of-use assets) of approximately RMB5.0 million and (ii)
     depreciation charges of RMB23.4 million for the year.


     Financing and credit facilities
     As at 31 December 2023, the Group had no outstanding bank borrowings (31 December 2022: no outstanding bank
     borrowings). Including time deposits over three months, the Group had bank and cash balances amounted to
     approximately RMB301.6 million (31 December 2022: RMB288.8 million). Available but unused banking facilities
     amounted to approximately RMB115.8 million (31 December 2022: RMB115.8 million).




10   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




BORROWINGS AND GEARING RATIO
As at 31 December 2023, the Group had no outstanding debts (31 December 2022: no outstanding debts). The
Group’s bank borrowings, if any, are primarily used in financing the working capital requirement of its operations.


DIVIDEND
The board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”) does not recommend the payment of dividend for the year.


BUSINESS UPDATE
1.   On 16 June 2023, Chizhou Port Holdings entered into a project cooperation agreement with five independent
     third parties, pursuant to which the parties thereto agreed to establish a joint venture company, namely Chizhou
     Railway Construction and Operation Company Limited* (池州鐵路建設營運有限公司) (“Chizhou Railway”) in
     Chizhou City, the PRC. Chizhou Railway was incorporated on 16 June 2023 and is engaged principally in railway
     construction and operation, advertising, consultancy, inspection, repair, storage and logistics etc in the PRC.
     The above transaction was exempt from the requirements of Chapter 19 of the GEM Listing Rules.


2.   On 30 June 2023, Chizhou Port Holdings entered into a joint venture agreement with two independent third
     parties, pursuant to which the parties thereto agreed to establish a joint venture company, namely Chizhou City
     Huida Port Transportation Company Limited* (池州巿滙達港口運輸有限公司) (“Chizhou Huida”) in Chizhou City,
     the PRC. Chizhou Huida was incorporated on 6 July 2023 and is principally engaged in port operations and
     waterway general cargo transportation, specifically including port tallying, domestic freight forwarding, general
     cargo warehousing services and port cargo loading and unloading activities in the PRC. Chizhou Huida is
     owned beneficially as to 40% and 34%, respectively by the two independent third parties, and the remaining
     26% by Chizhou Port Holdings. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, the proposed registered capital of
     Chizhou Huida is RMB100,000,000 and investment by Chizhou Port Holdings is expected to be RMB26,000,000.
     On 10 October 2023, Chizhou Port Holdings injected RMB2,600,000 into Chizhou Huida. For details of the
     formation of Chizhou Huida, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 30 June 2023.


3.   On 14 July 2023, Chizhou Niutoushan entered into an agreement (“Construction Contract”) with an
     independent constructor, pursuant to which the constructor would undertake the construction works of a
     warehouse of approximately 12,041 square meters situated at Niutoushan Qianjiang Industrial Park, Guichi
     District, Chizhou City, Anhui Province, the PRC at the consideration of approximately RMB15,117,000. For
     details of the Construction Contract, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 14 July 2023.




                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                11
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     4.     Pursuant to the “Announcement of Filing of the Third Batch of 2023 Recognized and Reported High and New
            Technology Enterprises by the Accreditation Authorities in Anhui Province” (對安徽省認定機構2023年認定報備
            的第三批高新技術企業進行備案的公告) issued by the National High and New Technology Enterprise
            Accreditation and Administration Leading Group Office (全國高新技術企業認定管理工作領導小組辦公室) on 27
            December 2023, Chizhou Niutoushan has been recognized as a High and New Technology Enterprise. The
            qualification is valid for three years.


            According to the relevant national regulations, upon being recognized as a High and New Technology
            Enterprise, Chizhou Niutoushan will be entitled to tax preferential policies of the state in relation to High and
            New Technology Enterprises for three consecutive financial years. Chizhou Niutoushan will pay the enterprise
            income tax at the rate of 15% for three consecutive financial years from 2023 to 2025. For further details, please
            refer to the announcement of the Company dated 29 December 2023.


     5.     On 29 December 2023, Chizhou Port Holdings entered into a joint venture agreement with two independent
            third parties, pursuant to which the parties thereto agreed to establish a joint venture company, namely Chizhou
            Port Guohai Port Services Company Limited* (池州港國海港口服務有限公司) (“Chizhou Guohai”) in Chizhou
            City, the PRC. Chizhou Guohai will be principally engaged in (i) cargo handling (including barging), storage,
            custody, transit and surface transport, surface intermodal transport, water-rail intermodal transport; (ii)
            international and domestic freight forwarding services, including cargo collection, booking, chartering, customs
            clearance, inspection, agency transport, ship agency and supply services; and (iii) mineral products trade, port
            machinery and equipment maintenance. Chizhou Guohai will be owned beneficially as to 60% by Chizhou Port
            Holdings, 30% and 10%, respectively by the two independent third parties. Pursuant to the terms of the
            agreement, the proposed registered capital of Chizhou Guohai is RMB100,000,000 and investment by Chizhou
            Port Holdings is expected to be RMB60,000,000. For details of the formation of Chizhou Guohai, please refer to
            the announcement of the Company dated 29 December 2023 and the circular of the Company dated 25
            January 2024.

     * For identification purpose only




12   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




MANAGEMENT EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND CHAIRMAN
KWAI Sze Hoi (桂四海), aged 74, is the chairman of our Board and an executive director of the Company. He was
appointed as a director on 30 October 2017 and was re-designated as an executive Director on 1 June 2018.


As one of our founders and a member of controlling shareholders of the Company, he is mainly responsible for the
overall management and development of the Group as well as the formulation and implementation of our business
strategies. Mr. Kwai has over 40 years of experience in international shipping and port operation business. In the early
1990s, Mr. Kwai established Ocean Line Holdings Limited (“Ocean Line Holdings”) in Hong Kong and has been
serving as the chairman of its board and chief executive officer since then. After over three decades of development,
Ocean Line Holdings has become a diversified, sizable and integrated enterprise which primarily engages in
international shipping business with port, logistic and mining as its ancillary businesses and financial investment as its
supporting business. Currently, Ocean Line Holdings wholly-owns, operates and manages a fleet of seagoing vessels
with a total carrying capacity of more than 4.0 million deadweight tonnage.


He also invests in and operates bulk cargo (such as ores) terminal business in Tianjin Port through joint ventures
established by Ocean Line Holdings and Tianjin Port Development Holdings Limited.


In 2007, Mr. Kwai established Ocean Line Group (Chizhou) Port Development Inc. and is responsible for the
formulation and development of business strategies. He has also served as the chairman of the board as well as a
non-executive director of Brockman Mining Limited, a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange
(stock code: 0159) and the Australian Securities Exchange (stock code: BCK) since 2012.


Mr. Kwai graduated from Anhui University with a Bachelor degree in Foreign Language Studies in English in 1975. Mr.
Kwai is the husband of Ms. Cheung Wai Fung.


EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
HUANG Xueliang (黃學良), aged 61, is the executive Director and chief executive officer of the Company. He was
appointed as a Director on 7 December 2017 and re-designated as an executive Director on 1 June 2018. He is
responsible for the overall management and supervision of the operation of our PRC operating subsidiaries.


Mr. Huang has over 16 years of experience in the port logistic services industry in Chizhou City, Anhui Province. Mr.
Huang joined our Group in June 2008. Mr. Huang has also served as the Assistant President of Ocean Line Holdings
and has become the Vice President of Ocean Line Holdings since February 2019. Since June 2008, Mr. Huang has
acted as the managing director of Ocean Line Group Chizhou Company Limited (遠航集團池州有限公司), an
investment holding company, and has been responsible for overseeing its investment projects and operations
management.




                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                  13
     BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



     Mr. Huang obtained a Professional diploma in Economic Management from Anhui Institute of Finance and Trade in
     1994. He further obtained a Professional diploma in Business Administration from Anhui University in 1998 and a
     Professional postgraduate diploma in World Economics from Fudan University in 2002. Mr. Huang has extensive
     experience in corporate management. Prior to joining our Group, he worked at various companies in the PRC in
     textile engineering, tourism, asset management and chemical engineering at senior management level. Mr. Huang
     served as a member of the People’s Congress Standing Committee of Chizhou City, Anhui Province for 11 years (two
     terms) and the vice president of the Anhui Entrepreneurs Association* (安徽省企業家聯合會) for 10 years (two terms).
     He is currently the vice president of Anhui Port Association* (安徽省港口協會) and the vice president of Chizhou
     Entrepreneur Association* (池州市企業家聯合會).


     Mr. Huang has been granted 28 utility models patents (實用新型專利) and 4 accepted invention patents (已受理發明
     專利), on numerous occasions, received awards from port logistic industry organisations and provincial and municipal
     government authorities after joining our Group. For instance, in December 2017, Mr. Huang was named one of the
     Top Ten Most Outstanding People at the sixth Yangtze River Shipping industry awards ceremony held by Changjiang
     River Administration of Navigational Affairs (長江航務管理局); in March 2019, he was honoured with the title of
     Outstanding Professional Manager of Anhui Province at the 40th Anniversary of Reform and Opening Up in the sixth
     award ceremony (紀念改革開放40周年暨第六屆安徽省傑出職業經理人); in December 2020, he was awarded the
     honorable title of National Labor Model in the Logistics Industry (全國物流行業勞動模範).


     NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
     CHEUNG Wai Fung (張惠峰), aged 71, is one of our founders and a member of controlling shareholders and a non-
     executive Director of the Company. She was appointed as a Director on 7 December 2017 and re-designated as a
     non-executive Director on 1 June 2018. Ms. Cheung is primarily responsible for providing advice to the Board on
     business strategy of our Group.


     Ms. Cheung founded Ocean Line Holdings together with Mr. Kwai in 1994 and was appointed as a director
     responsible for overseeing finance and human resources. In addition, Ms. Cheung has over 17 years of experience in
     hotel management industry. Since 2005, Ms. Cheung was appointed as the chairman of Anhui Jinjiuhua International
     Hotel Company Limited (安徽金九華國際大酒店有限公司), a PRC company conducting hotel businesses in Anhui
     Province, the PRC and she is responsible for the design and construction of the hotel as well as overseeing the
     management decisions of the company.

     Ms. Cheung obtained a bachelor’s degree in Chinese Medicine from the Guangzhou University of Chinese Medicine
     in 1978.


     Ms. Cheung is the spouse of Mr. Kwai.


     INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
     NIE Rui (聶睿), aged 47, was appointed as independent non-executive Director (“INED”) on 1 June 2018. He is the
     chairman of the remuneration committee (the “Remuneration Committee”) and a member of each of the audit
     committee (the “Audit Committee”) and the nomination committee (the “Nomination Committee”) of the Company.
     Mr. Nie is responsible for supervising and providing independent judgement to our Board, the Audit Committee, the
     Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee.
     * For identification only




14   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



Mr. Nie has over 23 years of experience in investment banking and corporate finance. Between July 2000 and
December 2001, Mr. Nie worked as an investment banking analyst at Morgan Stanley. From January 2002 to May
2005, Mr. Nie worked at the Deutsche Bank Group and his last position held with the Deutsche Bank Group was an
investment banking associate. In June 2005, he joined HSBC and his last position held with HSBC was the Managing
Director and Head of China Equity Capital Markets. Since September 2015, Mr. Nie joined Rainbow Capital
Management Limited, where he is currently serving as the Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Nie has been acting as a
managing partner of Welight Capital HK Limited since December 2019.


Mr. Nie obtained a Bachelor of Arts in Philosophy, Politics and Economics from Oxford University in 2000.


CHEUNG Sze Ming (張詩敏), aged 54, was appointed as INED on 6 November 2020. He is the chairman of the Audit
Committee and a member of each of the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee. Mr. Cheung is
responsible for supervising and providing independent judgement to our Board, the Audit Committee, the
Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee.


Mr. Cheung served as an executive director, the company secretary and the chief financial officer of Affluent Partners
Holdings Limited (stock code: 1466), the issued shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange,
from April 2018; an independent non-executive director of Great Wall Terroir Holdings Limited, formerly known as
Great Wall Belt & Road Holdings Limited, (stock code: 524), the issued shares of which are listed on the Main Board
of the Stock Exchange, from March 2021; an executive director, the company secretary and the chief financial officer
of Far East Holdings International Limited, (stock code: 36), the issued shares of which are listed on the Main Board of
the Stock Exchange, from February 2023; and an independent non-executive director of Yuk Wing Group Holdings
Limited, (stock code: 1536), the issued shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, from
January 2024. He holds a bachelor’s degree in Accountancy from the Hong Kong Polytechnic University. He is also a
fellow member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and a member of the Hong Kong Institute of
Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Cheung has accumulated over 30 years of working experience from an international
audit firm and public listed companies. He had spent about 8 years in the international audit firm and was an audit
manager before he left the firm. Thereafter, Mr. Cheung has held different senior positions in various public listed
companies. He was an executive director and chief financial officer of Dingyi Group Investment Limited (stock code:
508), the issued shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, from October 2011 to March
2018.


LI Weidong (李偉東), aged 55, was appointed as INED on 1 June 2018. He is the chairman of the Nomination
Committee and a member of each of the Audit Committee and Remuneration Committee. Dr. Li is responsible for
supervising and providing independent judgement to our Board, the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee
and the Nomination Committee.


Dr. Li has over 30 years of experience in the legal industry. He joined Nanjing Zhongshan Law Firm as a lawyer in
September 1992. Dr. Li was admitted as a PRC lawyer in September 1993. Dr. Li also practices as a foreign lawyer in
Hong Kong since May 2014. From February 1994 to April 1997, he worked as a lawyer at Jiangsu Jingwei Law Firm.
He became a partner of Guangdong Haipei Law Firm in November 2003 and has served as supervisor of the firm
since July 2013.




                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                 15
     BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



     Dr. Li graduated from Nanjing University with a Bachelor of Science degree in Geochemistry in 1990, before
     completing his Bachelor of Law degree at the same university in 1992. He further obtained a Doctor of Philosophy
     with the City University of Hong Kong in July 2004. Dr. Li has been acting as an independent director of following
     companies: (i) LUfax Holding Ltd, a company listed on the New York Stock Exchange (stock code: LU) in October
     2020 and listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 06623) in April 2023, from April 2018; (ii) China
     Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited (中國中藥控股有限公司), a company listed on the Main Board of
     the Stock Exchange (stock code: 00570), since February 2019; and (iii) Shenzhen Yantian Port Holdings Co., Ltd. (深圳
     市鹽田港股份有限公司), a company listed on the Main Board of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000088.
     SZ), since June 2022.

     Dr. Li served as an independent director of the following companies: (i) Netac Technology Company Limited (深圳巿
     朗科科技股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 300042.SZ), from February
     2014 to February 2017; (ii) Shenzhen MYS Environmental Protection & Technology Company Limited (深圳市美盈森環
     保科技股份有限公司), currently referred to as MYS GROUP CO., LTD. (美盈森集團股份有限公司) and a company listed
     on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 002303.SZ), from September 2013 to November 2019; (iii) Shenzhen
     Liantronic Co., Ltd (深圳巿聯建光電股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code:
     300269.SZ), from September 2018 to December 2019; and (iv) Avic Sanxin Co., Ltd (中航三鑫股份有限公司), currently
     referred to as Hainan Development Holdings Nanhai Co., Ltd. (海控南海發展股份有限公司) and a company listed on
     the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 002163.SZ), from June 2018 to June 2020.

     SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     Mr. LEE Chun Hin (李俊軒), aged 36, joined our Group on 10 July 2019 and is our financial controller and company
     secretary. He is primarily responsible for financial reporting, financial planning, treasury and financial control and
     corporate secretaries practices and procedures of our Group.

     Mr. Lee has over 14 years of experience in providing accounting and auditing services. He worked in BDO Limited
     from June 2015 to July 2019 with his last position as an audit manager. He has extensive experience in auditing and
     financial reporting, particularly with respect of companies listed on the Stock Exchange.

     Mr. Lee graduated from Edinburgh Napier University and further obtained a Master’s degree in Corporate
     Governance from the Hong Kong Polytechnic University in September 2022. He is a member of the Hong Kong
     Institute of Certified Public Accountants, the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and the Hong Kong
     Chartered Governance Institute.

     Mr. GUI Siqing (桂四清), aged 59, is the deputy general manager of Chizhou Port Holdings. He has over 30 years of
     experience in accounting and financial management. He also has over ten years of experience in the port logistic
     services industry. Mr. Gui joined our Group on 3 June 2016 and is responsible for overseeing the day-to-day port
     operation and financial reporting of Chizhou Port Holdings. Prior to joining our Group, Mr. Gui worked at the
     Accounting Department and the small commodity branch of Anqing Department Store Company (安慶百貨公司)
     from July 1984 to December 2007 with his last position as a deputy manager, where he was responsible for
     overseeing the company’s financial and accounting operations. From December 2007 to May 2016, he worked in the
     financial department of Anqing Port Ocean Line Holdings Limited with his last position as the company general
     manager, where he was wholly responsible for the production and operation of the company.

     Mr. Gui obtained a Professional diploma in Financial Accounting from Anhui College of Finance and Commerce in
     July 1991.




16   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
DIRECTORS’ REPORT



The Directors are pleased to present this annual report and the audited consolidated financial statements of the
Group for the year ended 31 December 2023.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The Company is an investment holding company. The principal activities of its subsidiaries are set out in note 40 to
the consolidated financial statements.


RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS
The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 are set out in the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income on page 73 of this annual report.


The Directors did not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year.


CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS FOR ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
The register of members of the Company will be closed from 24 May 2024 (Friday) to 29 May 2024 (Wednesday) (both
days inclusive, 4 business days in total) during which period no transfer of Shares will be registered. In order to be
eligible to attend and vote at the annual general meeting, unregistered holders of Shares of the Company shall
ensure that all transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the
Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Tricor Investor Services Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16
Harcourt Road, Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on 23 May 2024 (Thursday).


BUSINESS REVIEW AND PERFORMANCE
A fair review of the Group’s business, a discussion and analysis of the Group’s performance during the year and an
analysis of the likely future development of the Group’s business are set out in the Management Discussion and Analysis
from pages 6 to 12. Description of the principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group are set out in the Corporate
Governance Report from pages 28 to 40 of this annual report and note 35 to the consolidated financial statements.


Except as disclosed elsewhere in consolidated financial statement, there is no important event affecting the Group
that had occurred since the end of the year up to the date of this report. In addition, further discussion on the key
relationships with the Company’s key stakeholders, the Group’s environmental policies and performance as well as
compliance with relevant laws and regulations which have a significant impact on the Group are provided throughout
the section “Environmental, Social and Governance Report”.




                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                 17
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
     Details of changes in the property, plant and equipment of the Group are set out in note 14 to the consolidated
     financial statements.


     SHARE CAPITAL
     There were no movements in the Company’s share capital during the year.


     PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
     There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s articles of association (the “Articles”) or the laws
     of Cayman Islands which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro rata basis to existing shareholders.


     RESERVES
     Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and of the Company during the year are set out in the
     Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity on from pages 76 to 77 and note 39 to the consolidated financial
     statements respectively.


     DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES OF THE COMPANY
     As at 31 December 2023, the Company’s reserves, including the share premium account and retained profits,
     available for distribution Company (“Shareholders”), amounted to RMB37,824,000 (2022: RMB84,778,000).


     FINANCIAL SUMMARY
     A summary of the published results and assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is set out on
     page 150 of this annual report.


     EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
     Other than the share option scheme as disclosed in note 37 to the consolidated financial statements, no equity-linked
     agreements were entered into by the Company during the year or subsisted at the end of the year.


     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED
     SECURITIES
     During the year, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s
     listed securities.




18   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
During the year, the revenue attributable from the Group’s five largest customers accounted for approximately 37.3%
(2022: 30.0%) of the Group’s total revenue for the year and the revenue attributable from to the Group’s largest
customer amounted to approximately 14.1% (2022: 11.0%). Purchases from the Group’s five largest suppliers
accounted for approximately 79.1% (2022: 69.4%) to the Group’s total purchases for the year and purchases from the
Group’s largest supplier amounted to approximately 68.1% (2022: 43.0%).


None of the Directors or any of their close associates or any shareholders (which, to the best knowledge of the
Directors, own more than 5% of the issue share capital of the Company as at the date of this annual report) had any
interest in any of the Group’s five largest customers and five largest suppliers.


DIRECTORS
The Directors during the year and up to the date of this annual report were:


Executive Directors:
Mr. Kwai Sze Hoi (Chairman)
Mr. Huang Xueliang


Non-executive Director:
Ms. Cheung Wai Fung


Independent Non-executive Directors:
Mr. Nie Rui
Mr. Cheung Sze Ming
Dr. Li Weidong


Biographical details of the Directors and senior management as at the date of this report are set out from pages 13
to 16 of this annual report. Details of Directors’ remuneration are set out in note 10 to the consolidated financial
statements.


In accordance with the Articles, any Director appointed by the Board as an addition to the existing Board shall hold
office only until the next following annual general meeting of the Company and shall then be eligible for re-election.


In accordance with the Articles, at each annual general meeting one-third of the Directors for the time being (or, if
their number is not a multiple of three (3), the number nearest to but not less than one-third) shall retire from office
by rotation provided that every Director shall be subject to retirement at an annual general meeting at least once
every three years and a retiring Director shall be eligible for re-election and shall continue to act as a Director
throughout the meeting at which he retires. In accordance with the Articles, each of Mr. Nie Rui and Dr. Li Weidong
will retire at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company (“AGM”) and, being eligible, will offer
themselves for re-election thereat.




                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                19
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT



     Each of Mr. Kwai Sze Hoi and Mr. Huang Xueliang, the executive Directors, has entered into a service agreement with
     the Company for an initial term of three years commencing from the listing date of the Company. On 21 June 2021,
     such service agreements were renewed on similar terms and effective from 10 July 2021 for another term of three
     years until terminated by not less than three months’ notice in writing served by either party on the other.


     The non-executive Director and each of the INEDs has entered into a letter of appointment with the Company. The
     terms and conditions of each of such letters of appointment are similar in all material respects. Mr. Cheung Sze Ming,
     one of the INEDs has entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for an initial term of three years from
     the date of his appointment. On 1 October 2023, such letter of appointment was renewed on similar terms and
     effective from 6 November 2023 for another term of three years subject to termination in certain circumstances as
     stipulated in the letter of appointment. The non-executive Director and each of the other INEDs (i.e. Mr. Nie Rui and
     Dr. Li Weidong) was appointed with an initial term of three years commencing from the listing date of the Company.
     On 21 June 2021, such letters of appointment were renewed on similar terms and effective from 10 July 2021 for
     another term of three years subject to termination in certain circumstances as stipulated in the letters of appointment.


     Save as aforesaid, none of our Directors has or is proposed to have a service contract with the Company or any of our
     subsidiaries (other than contracts expiring or determinable by the employer within one year without payment of
     compensation (other than statutory compensation)).


     DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
     No contracts, other than the service agreement, concerning the management and administration of the whole or any
     substantial part of the Group’s business were entered into or existed during the year.


     PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISIONS
     During the year and up to the date of this report, the Company has in force permitted indemnity provisions which are
     provided for in the Articles and in the directors and officers liability insurance maintained for the Group in respect of
     potential liability and costs associated with legal proceedings that may be brought against the Directors and the
     directors of the Group respectively.




20   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS
IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES
As at 31 December 2023, the interests or short positions of the Directors and chief executives of the Company in the
shares (the “Shares”), underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the
meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which will be required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange
pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong
Kong) (the “SFO”) (including interests or short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such
provisions of the SFO) or which will be required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register
referred to therein, or which will be required, pursuant to Rules 5.46 to 5.67 of GEM Listing Rules to be notified to the
Company and the Stock Exchange, will be as follows:


(A) Long position interests in the Shares

                                                                                                       Number of
                                                                                                 issued ordinary
                                                                                                     shares held/             Percentage of
       Name of Director                 Capacity/Nature of interests                                    interested             shareholding


       Kwai Sze Hoi                     Interest of a controlled                                      600,000,000                         75%
                                           corporation (Note)


       Cheung Wai Fung                  Interest of a controlled                                      600,000,000                         75%
                                           corporation (Note)

     Note: Vital Force Developments Limited (“Vital Force”) is legally and beneficially owned as to 58.4% by Kwai Sze Hoi, 38.9% by Cheung Wai
           Fung and 2.7% by Hongkong Shun Yi Industrial Co. Limited, which is a company incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability and
           owned as to 60% by Mr. Huang Xueliang. Kwai Sze Hoi and Cheung Wai Fung are deemed to be interested in all the Shares held by
           Vital Force under Part XV of the SFO. Mr. Kwai Sze Hoi is the chairman and an executive Director of the Company and a director of Vital
           Force. Ms. Cheung Wai Fung is a non-executive Director of the Company, a director of Vital Force and the spouse of Mr. Kwai Sze Hoi.
           Mr. Huang Xueliang is an executive Director of the Company.




                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                                  21
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




     (B) Long position interests in ordinary shares of associated corporation

               Name of                                                                                       Number of              Percentage of
               associated                                            Capacity/Nature                   issued ordinary             the Company’s
               corporation               Name of Director            of interests                           shares held               share capital


               Vital Force               Kwai Sze Hoi                Beneficial owner                              29,200                      58.4%
                                                                        (Note 1)


               Vital Force               Cheung Wai Fung             Beneficial owner                              19,466                      38.9%
                                            (Note 2)                    (Note 1)


               Vital Force               Huang Xueliang              Interest of                                    1,334                        2.7%
                                                                        a controlled
                                                                        corporation
                                                                        (Note 1)

          Notes:

          1.       Vital Force is legally and beneficially owned as to 58.4% by Kwai Sze Hoi, 38.9% by Cheung Wai Fung and 2.7% by Hongkong Shun Yi
                   Industrial Co. Limited, which is a company incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability and owned as to 60% by Mr. Huang Xueliang.

          2.       Cheung Wai Fung is the spouse of Kwai Sze Hoi.



     Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2023, none of the Directors nor chief executives of the Company had any
     interests or short positions in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated
     corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which would be required to be notified to the Company and
     the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO or would be required, pursuant to section 352
     of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein, or, pursuant to Rules 5.46 to 5.67 of the GEM Listing
     Rules relating to securities transactions by the Directors, notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange.


     SHARE OPTION SCHEME
     The Company has adopted a share option scheme (“Share Option Scheme”) on 10 July 2018 to provide incentive or
     rewards to participants including the Directors and eligible employees of the Group. Particulars of the Share Option
     Scheme are set out in note 37 to the consolidated financial statements. No share options were granted under the
     Share Option Scheme since its adoption.


     ARRANGEMENTS TO PURCHASE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
     Other than the share options as stated above, at the end of the year and at no time during the year was the
     Company, any of its holding companies, subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the
     Directors or chief executives of the Company or their spouse or children under 18 years of age to acquire benefits by
     means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of the Company or any other body corporate.




22   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
As at 31 December 2023, none of the Directors nor their respective close associates was interested in any business
which was considered to compete or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the business of the Group
as required to be disclosed pursuant to the GEM Listing Rules.


CHANGES TO INFORMATION IN RESPECT OF DIRECTORS
In accordance with 17.50A(1) of the GEM Listing Rules, the changes to information required to be disclosed pursuant
to paragraphs (a) to (e) and (g) of 17.50(2) of the GEM Listing Rules during the course of the Directors’ terms of office
for the period from date of publication of the Company’s latest annual report up to the date of this annual report are
set out below:


On 1 October 2023, the letter of appointment of Mr. Cheung Sze Ming became renewed and effective from 6
November 2023 for another term of three years.


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDER’S AND OTHER PERSONS’ INTERESTS AND
SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES
So far as is known to the Directors, as at 31 December 2023, the following shareholders and persons (not being a
Director or chief executive of the Company) had interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the
Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions
2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or who were, directly or indirectly, interested in 10% or more of the nominal value of
any class of share capital carrying rights to vote in all circumstances at general meetings of any other member of the
Group:


Long position in the Shares

                                                                                                 Number of                   Percentage of
                                                                                             issued ordinary                the Company’s
 Name                         Capacity/Nature of interests                                       shares held                  share capital


 Vital Force                  Beneficial owner                                                   600,000,000                              75%

Note: Vital Force is legally and beneficially owned as to 58.4% by Kwai Sze Hoi, 38.9% by Cheung Wai Fung and 2.7% by Hongkong Shun Yi Industrial
      Co. Limited, which is a company incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability and owned as to 60% by Mr. Huang Xueliang. Kwai Sze Hoi
      and Cheung Wai Fung are deemed to be interested in all the Shares held by Vital Force under Part XV of the SFO.




                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                                23
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




     DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR
     CONTRACTS AND CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
     Continuing connected transaction
     During the year, the Group had the following transactions with connected person (as defined in the GEM Listing
     Rules) of the Company:


     Tenancy Agreement

                                                                   (i) Date of agreement
      Name of counterparty       Location                          (ii) Term (D/M/Y)               Amount of the year
                                                                                                             HK$’000


      Ocean Longevity            Room 2715–16, 27/F.,              (i)    30/11/2020                                570
       Company Limited             Hong Kong Plaza                        (the “1st Tenancy
       (“Ocean Longevity”)         188 Connaught Road                     Agreement”)
                                   West, Hong Kong                 (ii)   1/1/2021 – 31/12/2023


                                                                   (i)    30/11/2023 (Effective                     634
                                                                          from 1/12/2023)
                                                                          (the “2nd Tenancy
                                                                          Agreement”)
                                                                   (ii)   1/1/2024 – 31/12/2026

     The total annual rent payable under the 1st Tenancy Agreement and the 2nd Tenancy Agreement (including the
     estimated utilities and telephone charges) by Ocean Line Port Development (Hong Kong) Limited to Ocean Longevity
     would be approximately HK$600,000 and HK$665,000, respectively. The value of the right-of-use assets under the 1st
     Tenancy Agreement and the 2nd Tenancy Agreement in aggregate to be recognised by the Group according to
     HKFRS 16 amounts to approximately HK$1,561,000 and HK$1,744,000, respectively, representing the present value of
     the lease payments payable under the fixed terms of the 1st Tenancy Agreement and the 2nd Tenancy Agreement in
     aggregate. Each of the total annual rent payable and each of the value of the right-of-use assets under the 1st
     Tenancy Agreement and the 2nd Tenancy Agreement is less than HK$3,000,000 per annum and less than the 5%
     percentage ratios (other than the profits ratio) mentioned in Rule 19.07 of the GEM Listing Rules, the amounts would
     fall below the de minimis threshold under Rule 20.74(1)(c) of the GEM Listing Rules and thus would not be subject to
     any reporting, announcement or independent Shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 20 of the GEM
     Listing Rules.




24   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




Related party transactions
Save for the exempt continuing connected transaction disclosed above, the Group also entered into certain related
party transactions during the year which are contained in note 33 to the consolidated financial statements.


Save as disclosed above, there was no transaction, arrangement or contract which is significant in relation to the
business of the Company to which the Company, or any of its holding companies, subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries
was a party and in which a Director or his/her connected entity had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly,
subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.


CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE
DIRECTORS
The Company has received, from each of the INEDs, an annual confirmation of independence pursuant to Rule 5.09
of the GEM Listing Rules. The Company considers that all of the INEDs are independent.


REMUNERATION POLICY
A written remuneration policy (which ensures a clear link to business strategy and a close alignment with the
Shareholders’ interest and current market best practice) is in place and the remunerations of Executive Directors will
take into account the Group’s operating results, individual performance and comparable market statistics. The INEDs
are paid fees in line with market practice. No individual should determine his or her own remuneration.


Employee’s remuneration was determined in accordance with individual’s responsibility, competence and skills,
experience and performance as well as market pay level. Remuneration package includes, as the case may be, basic
salary, Directors’ fee, contribution to pension schemes, discretionary bonus relating to financial performance of the
Group and individual performance, and other competitive fringe benefits such as medical and life insurances. Details
of the remunerations of the Directors and the five highest paid employees of the Group are set out in note 10 to the
consolidated financial statements.


DIVIDEND POLICY
The Board has adopted the policy that, in recommending or declaring dividends, the Company shall maintain
adequate cash reserves for meeting its working capital requirements and future growth as well as its shareholder
value. The Company do not have any pre-determined dividend payout ratio. The Board has the discretion to declare
and distribute dividends to the shareholders of the Company, subject to the Articles and all applicable laws and
regulations and the factors set out below:


(a)   financial results;


(b)   cash flow situation;


(c)   business conditions and strategies;




                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                 25
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT



     (d)   future operations and earnings;


     (e)   capital requirements and expenditure plan;


     (f)   interest of shareholders;


     (g)   any restrictions on payment of dividends; and


     (h)   any other factors that the Board may consider relevant.


     Depending on the financial conditions of the Company and the Group and the conditions and factors as set out
     above, dividends may be proposed and/or declared by the Board for a financial year or period:


     (a)   interim dividend


     (b)   final dividend


     (c)   special dividend


     (d)   any distribution of net profits that the Board may deem appropriate.


     Any final dividend for a financial year will be subject to shareholders’ approval. The Company may declare and pay
     dividends by way of cash or scrip or by other means that the Board considers appropriate. Any dividend unclaimed
     shall be forfeited and shall revert to the Company in accordance with the Articles.


     COMPLIANCE WITH THE RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS
     The Group has complied with the relevant laws and regulations. For the year ended 31 December 2023, there was no
     incident of non-compliance with relevant laws and regulations which have a significant impact on the Group.


     TAX RELIEF
     The Company is not aware of any relief from taxation available to Shareholders by reason of their holdings of the
     Shares.




26   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE IN RESPECT OF NON-COMPETITION DEED
Pursuant to a deed of non-competition undertaking dated 1 June 2018 (“Deed”) provided by Vital Force, Mr. Kwai
Sze Hoi and Ms. Cheung Wai Fung (“Covenantors”) in favour of the Company, the Covenantors had given
undertakings to the Company not to carry on, or be interested or involved or engaged in or acquire or hold any rights
or interest, whether directly or indirectly, in any of the Restricted Business (as defined in the Deed).


1.    Covenantors had confirmed that they had fully complied with the undertakings in the Deed and that the
      Company had not received nor was aware of any New Business Opportunities (as defined in the Deed) that
      required the Covenantors to offer to the Company by the Deed; and


2.    the INEDs had made an annual review on the compliance of the terms of the Deed by the Covenantors and the
      enforcement of the non-competition undertakings in the Deed and formed the view that the Covenantors had
      fully complied with the undertakings in the Deed.


RETIREMENT BENEFIT SCHEME
Details of the retirement benefit scheme of the Group are set out in note 4.11(b) to the consolidated financial
statements.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Principal corporate governance practices adopted by the Company are set out in the Corporate Governance Report
from pages 28 to 40 of this annual report.


SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on the information publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, as at the
latest practicable date prior to the issue of this annual report, there was sufficient public float of at least 25% of the
Company’s issued Shares as required under the GEM Listing Rules.


AUDITORS
BDO Limited will retire at the forthcoming AGM and a resolution for their reappointment as auditors of the Company
will be proposed thereat.


On behalf of the Board




Kwai Sze Hoi
Chairman
Hong Kong
26 March 2024



                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                  27
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     The Corporate Governance Report is presented for the year ended 31 December 2023. The Company places high
     value on the corporate governance practice and the Board firmly believes that a good corporate governance practice
     can improve accountability and transparency for the benefit of the shareholders of the Company. The Board is
     committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance for the Company within a sensible framework.
     The Company has applied the principles as set out in the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) as set out in
     Appendix C1 of the GEM Listing Rules during the year. The CG Code sets out the principles of good corporate
     governance, code provisions and recommended best practices. Issuers are expected to comply with the code
     provisions or devise their own code on corporate governance on the terms they consider appropriate provided that
     considered reasons are given. Throughout the reporting period, the Company had complied with the applicable
     code provisions of the CG Code and there had been no deviation by the Company.


     The Company will continue to enhance its corporate governance practices appropriate to the conduct and growth of
     its business and to review its corporate governance practices from time to time to ensure they comply with the
     statutory requirements and regulations and the CG Code and align with the latest developments.


     THE BOARD
     Board Composition
     As at 31 December 2023, the Board comprised six Directors, with two Executive Directors, one Non-Executive
     Director and three INEDs who possess the skills, experience and expertise either in the same industry or relevant to
     the management of the business of the Group. The biographies of the Directors are set out on pages 13 to 16 of this
     annual report under the “Biographies of Directors and Senior Management” section. The Board includes at least
     three INEDs with at least one INED possessing appropriate professional qualifications, or accounting or related
     financial management expertise at all times during the year.


     Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
     Code provision C.2.1 requires that the roles of the chairman and chief executive officer should be separate and not
     be performed by the same individual. Mr. Kwai Sze Hoi has been appointed as the Chairman of the Board who
     provides the Board with strong and consistent leadership. With the support of the company secretary of the
     Company (“Company Secretary”), he ensures that all Directors receive, in a timely manner, adequate information
     and are properly briefed on issues arising at the board meetings. He is responsible for ensuring that the Board works
     effectively.


     Mr. Huang Xueliang is the chief executive officer of the Group who is responsible for the Group’s strategic planning,
     business growth and development as well as overseeing different functions. The Board considers that the current
     segregation of duties make the Board and the operation of the Group function effectively.




28   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Non-executive Directors
The INEDs are all professionals with valuable experience and expertise in legal, accounting or auditing in business
areas who contribute impartial view and make independent judgment on issues to be discussed at Board meetings.
Mr. Nie Rui and Dr. Li Weidong have been appointed for an initial term of three years commencing from 10 July 2018.
On 21 June 2021, the letters of appointment of Mr. Nie Rui and Dr. Li Weidong were renewed and effective from 10
July 2021 for another term of three years. Mr. Cheung Sze Ming has been appointed for a term of three years
commencing from 6 November 2020. On 1 October 2023, the letter of appointment of Mr. Cheung Sze Ming was
renewed and effective from 6 November 2023 for another term of three years. The terms of the INEDs are subject to
retirement by rotation and re-election provision under the Articles.

The Company had received confirmation of independence from each of the INEDs. The Board considered each of
them to be independent by reference to the factors as set out in Rule 5.09 of the GEM Listing Rules. The INEDs had
been expressly identified as such in all corporate communications of the Company that disclose the names of
Directors.

Roles and Responsibilities of the Board
The Company is headed by the Board which is responsible for the leadership, control and promotion of the success
of the Group in the interests of the Shareholders by directing and supervising its affairs and by formulating strategic
directions and monitoring the financial and management performance of the Group.

Delegation to the Management
The management is led by the Executive Committee of the Company (which comprises all the Executive Directors of
the Board) and has delegated powers and authorities to carry out the day-to-day management and operation of the
Group, formulate business policies and make decision on key business issues. The Executive Committee shall have all
powers and authorities of the Board except the following matters as set out in a formal schedule of matters
specifically reserved by the Board:

•    Publication of final, interim and quarterly results (if any) of the Company

•    Dividend distribution or other distributions

•    Major issues of treasury policy, accounting policy and remuneration policy

•    Changes to group corporate structure or Board composition requiring notification by announcements

•    Publication of the announcement for notifiable transactions and non-exempted connected transaction/
     continuing connected transactions

•    Non-exempted connected transactions/continuing connected transactions

•    Notifiable transactions requiring Shareholders’ approval

•    Capital restructuring and issue of new securities of the Company

•    Financial assistance to Directors




                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED              29
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Board independence
     To ensure independent views and input are available to the Board, the effectiveness of certain mechanisms and
     features of the Board’s structure are reviewed annually. For instance, the efficiency and quality of Board meeting
     discussions and the time commitment and proper discharge of duties of Directors are evaluated and assessed
     annually. Further, since the listing of the Company, at least half of the Board has comprised of non-executive
     Directors, and members of all board committees have been independent non-executive Directors.


     Board diversity policy
     The Company has adopted a board diversity policy which sets out the approach to achieve and maintain diversity on
     the Board in order to enhance the effectiveness of the Board.


     The Company seeks to achieve Board diversity through the consideration of a number of factors, including but not
     limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge
     and length of service.


     All Board appointments will be based on meritocracy, and candidates will be considered against objective criteria,
     having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board.


     Selection of candidates will be based on a range of diversity perspectives, including but not limited to gender, age,
     cultural and educational background, professional experience, skills and knowledge. The ultimate decision will be
     made upon the merits and contribution that the selected candidates will bring to the Board.


     The Nomination Committee will review the board diversity policy on an annual basis to ensure its continued
     effectiveness.


     For the purpose of implementation of the board diversity policy, the following measurable objectives were adopted:


     1.   at least one-third of the members of the Board shall be INEDs;


     2.   at least one of the members of the Board shall have obtained accounting or other professional qualifications;
          and


     3.   the Board shall have at least one member of a different gender.


     The Board has achieved the measurable objectives in the board diversity policy.




30   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




DIRECTOR NOMINATION POLICY
The Board has adopted the policy which sets out (1) the principles which guide the Nomination Committee to identify
and evaluate a candidate for nomination to (i) the Board for appointment or (ii) the shareholders of the Company for
election, as a director of the Company; (2) the nomination procedures; and (3) the requirement to ensure that the
Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the Company.


The Nomination Committee shall consider a number of factors in making nominations, including but not limited to
the following:


(a)   Skills and Experience: The candidate should possess the skills, knowledge and experience which are relevant to
      the operations of the Company and its subsidiaries.


(b)   Diversity: Candidates should be considered on merit and against objective criteria, with due regard to the
      diversity perspectives set out in the Board Diversity Policy of the Company including but not limited to gender,
      age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity and the balance of skills and experience in board
      composition.


(c)   Commitment: The candidate should be able to devote sufficient time to attend Board meetings and participate
      in induction, trainings and other Board associated activities. In particular, if the proposed candidate will be
      nominated as an INED and will be holding his/her seventh (or more) listed company directorship, the
      Nomination Committee should consider the reason given by the candidate for being able to devote sufficient
      time to the Board.


(d)   Standing: The candidate must satisfy the Board and The Stock Exchange that he/she has the character,
      experience and integrity, and is able to demonstrate a standard of competence commensurate with the
      relevant position as a director of the Company.


(e)   Independence: The candidate to be nominated as an INED must satisfy the independence criteria set out in
      Rule 5.09 of the GEM Listing Rules.


(f)   Others: Such other perspectives that are appropriate to the Company’s business plan and where applicable,
      may be adopted and/or amended by the Board and/or the Nomination Committee from time to time for
      nomination of directors.




                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                31
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     If the Nomination Committee determines that an additional or replacement director is required, the Committee may
     take such measures that it considers appropriate in connection with its identification and evaluation of a candidate
     based on the criteria as set out above. The Nomination Committee may propose to the Board a candidate
     recommended or offered for nomination by a shareholder of the Company as a nominee for election to the Board.
     On making recommendation, the Nomination Committee may submit the candidate’s personal profile to the Board
     for consideration. The Board may appoint the candidate as director to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the
     Board or recommend such candidate to shareholders for election or re-election (where appropriate) at the general
     meeting.


     The Nomination Committee and/or the Board should review the overall contribution and service to the Company of
     the retiring director and the level of participation and performance on the Board. The Nomination Committee and/or
     the Board should also review and determine whether the retiring director continues to meet the criteria as set out
     above. The Nomination Committee and/or the Board should then make recommendation to shareholders in respect
     of the proposed re-election of director at the general meeting. Where the board proposes a resolution to elect or re-
     elect a candidate as director at the general meeting, the relevant information of the candidate will be disclosed in the
     circular to shareholders and/or explanatory statement accompanying the notice of the relevant general meeting in
     accordance with the listing rules and/or applicable laws and regulations.


     The Nomination Committee will conduct regular review on the structure, size and composition of the Board and this
     policy and where appropriate, make recommendations on changes to the Board to complement the Company’s
     corporate strategy and business needs.


     Induction, Support and Professional Development of Directors
     All Directors have been given relevant guideline materials regarding the duties and responsibilities of being a
     Director, the relevant laws and regulations applicable to the Directors, duty of disclosure of interest and business of
     the Group and such induction materials will also be provided to newly appointed Directors shortly upon their
     appointment as Directors. All Directors have been updated on the latest developments of the Listing Rules and other
     applicable regulatory requirement to ensure compliance and enhance their awareness of good corporate governance
     practices. There is a procedure agreed by the Board to enable Directors, upon reasonable request, to seek
     independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expenses in order to assist them to
     perform their duties to the Company.




32   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



The Directors confirmed that they had complied with the Code Provision C.1.4 of the Code on Directors’ training.
During the year, each Director had participated in continuous professional development by attending seminars/
workshops/reading materials (where appropriate) on the following topics to develop and refresh their knowledge and
skills and has provided a record of training to the Company.


 Name of Directors                                        Topics of training covered for all Directors


 Mr. Kwai Sze Hoi                                         (1)   corporate governance
 Mr. Huang Xueliang                                       (2)   finance
 Ms. Cheung Wai Fung                                      (3)   industry specific
 Mr. Nie Rui                                              (4)   regulatory
 Dr. Li Weidong                                           (5)   anti-corruption
 Mr. Cheung Sze Ming

Directors’ Insurance
The Company has arranged appropriate insurance cover in respect of any legal action against the Directors in
compliance with the requirements under the CG Code.


Directors’ Attendance
The attendance of Directors at the meetings during the year:


                                                           No. of meeting attended/eligible to attend
                                                                Audit     Remuneration    Nomination Annual General
 Name of Directors                             Board      Committee          Committee     Committee Meeting (Note)


 Executive Directors
 Kwai Sze Hoi                                     4/4            N/A                N/A           N/A           1/1
 Huang Xueliang                                   4/4            N/A                N/A           N/A           1/1


 Non-executive Director
 Cheung Wai Fung                                  4/4            N/A                N/A           N/A           1/1


 Independent Non-executive Directors
 Nie Rui                                          4/4             4/4               1/1            1/1          1/1
 Li Weidong                                       4/4             4/4               1/1            1/1          1/1
 Cheung Sze Ming                                  4/4             4/4               1/1            1/1          1/1


 Total number of meetings held:                     4               4                 1                 1         1

Note:

AGM for 2022 was held on 24 May 2023.




                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED             33
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     Upon reviewing (a) the confirmation of the time commitment given by each Director; (b) the directorships and major
     commitments of each Director; and (c) the attendance rate of each Director on the meeting(s), the Board is satisfied
     that all Directors have spent sufficient time in performing their responsibilities during the year.


     Board Meetings and Proceedings
     Regular Board meetings will be held at approximately quarterly intervals. The Directors have access to the advice and
     services of the Company Secretary and key officers of the company secretarial team for ensuring that the Board
     procedures as well as all applicable rules and regulations are followed.


     With the assistance of the Company Secretary, the meeting agenda is set by the Chairman of the Board in
     consultation with other Board members. Board meeting notice was sent to the Directors at least 14 days prior to each
     regular Board meeting. Relevant meeting materials together with all appropriate, complete and reliable information
     are generally sent to all Directors and relevant committee members at least 3 days before each meeting to enable
     them to make informed decisions.


     Minutes of Board meetings and Board committee meetings are drafted by the secretary of the meetings and
     recorded in sufficient details the matters considered and decisions reached, with draft and final versions being
     circulated to the Directors for their comment and records respectively. Originals of such minutes, being kept by the
     Company Secretary, are open for inspection at any reasonable time with reasonable notice by any Director.


     If a Director has conflict of interest in a matter to be considered by the Board which the Board has determined to be
     material, the matter will be dealt with by a physical Board meeting rather than a written resolution. That Director will
     abstain from voting on the relevant Board resolution in which he/she or any of his/her associates has a material
     interest and he/she shall not be counted in the quorum present at the Board meeting. INEDs who, and whose close
     associates, have no material interest in the transaction are present at that Board meeting.


     Board Committees
     To assist the Board in execution of its duties and facilitate effective management, certain functions of the Board have
     been delegated by the Board to the Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee.




34   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



All of the members of the Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee are INEDs. Clear
written terms of reference of all the Board Committees are given to the respective members of these Committees.
Details of the Board Committees are set out below:


1.   Audit Committee
     The Audit Committee currently consists of three INEDs, namely Mr. Cheung Sze Ming (Chairperson of the
     Committee), Mr. Nie Rui and Dr. Li Weidong.


     The specific written terms of reference of the Audit Committee is available on the websites of the Stock
     Exchange and the Company. The Audit Committee is primarily responsible for, among other matters, (a)
     making recommendations to the Board on the appointment, reappointment and removal of the external
     auditor; (b) reviewing and monitoring the external auditor’s independence and objectivity and effectiveness of
     the audit process; (c) approving the remuneration and terms of engagement of external auditor; and (d)
     reviewing financial information and overseeing the financial reporting system, risk management and internal
     control procedures. The Audit Committee held four meetings during the year for, inter alia, reviewing the
     Group’s annual results, the first quarterly results, interim results, the third quarterly results, the financial
     reporting and compliance procedures, the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems
     and discussing with the auditors about the audit plan.


2.   Remuneration Committee
     The Remuneration Committee currently consists of three members, namely Mr. Nie Rui (Chairman of the
     Committee), Mr. Cheung Sze Ming and Dr. Li Weidong.


     The specific written terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee is available on the websites of the Stock
     Exchange and the Company. The Remuneration Committee is primarily responsible for making
     recommendation to the Board on (a) the Company’s policy and structure of the remuneration of Directors and
     senior management; (b) the remuneration of INEDs; and (c) the specific remuneration packages of individual
     Executive Directors and senior management. Details of the remuneration of each of the Directors for the year
     are set out in note 10 to the consolidated financial statements. The Remuneration Committee has adopted the
     operation model where it performs an advisory role to the Board, with the Board retaining the final authority to
     approve the remuneration packages of individual Directors and senior management. The Remuneration
     Committee held one meeting during the year and performed the following:


     1.    Reviewed and approved the remuneration packages of all Directors and senior management of the Group
           to ensure that such remuneration is reasonable and not excessive.


     2.    Reviewed the staff policy and emolument policy of the Group.


     3.    Approved the revised terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee.

3.   Nomination Committee
     The Nomination Committee currently consists of three members, namely Dr. Li Weidong (Chairman of the
     Committee), Mr. Nie Rui and Mr. Cheung Sze Ming.




                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                35
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



          The specific written terms of reference of the Nomination Committee is available on the websites of the Stock
          Exchange and the Company. The Nomination Committee is primarily responsible for (a) reviewing the structure,
          size and diversity of the Board; (b) reviewing the Board Diversity Policy; (c) determining the policy for the
          nomination of Directors and identifying potential candidates for directorship; (d) making recommendations to
          the Board on the appointment, re-appointment, re-election or re-designation of Directors and succession
          planning for Directors; (e) assessing the independence of INEDs; and (f) reviewing the time commitment of each
          Director. When selecting and recommending candidates for directorship during the year, the Nomination
          Committee considered the candidates based on merit having regard to the experience, skills and expertise as
          well as the overall board diversity and made recommendations to the Board as appropriate for its consideration.
          The Nomination Committee held one meeting during the year and performed the following:

          1.    Reviewed the Board Diversity Policy of the Company.

          2.    Approved the re-election of Directors of the Company.

          3.    Reviewed the structure, size and composition including the skills knowledge and experience of the Board.

          As adopted by the Board, the Board Diversity Policy aims to achieve diversity on the Board in the broadest
          sense in order to have a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives to the business nature of the
          Company. Selection of candidates on the Board is based on a range of diversity perspectives, including gender,
          age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional qualification and experience, skill, knowledge
          and length of service. The Nomination Committee will also assess the merits and contribution of any Director
          proposed for re-election or any candidate nominated to be appointed as Director against the objective criteria,
          with due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board that would complement the Company’s corporate
          strategy.

     SECURITIES TRANSACTION OF DIRECTORS
     The Company adopted the required standard of dealings set out in Rules 5.48 to 5.67 of the GEM Listing Rules as the
     code of conduct regarding directors’ securities transactions of the Company. Upon the Company’s specific enquiry,
     each Director had confirmed that during the year, they had fully complied with the required standard of dealings and
     there was no event of non-compliance.

     ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT
     The Directors acknowledged their responsibilities to prepare the consolidated financial statements of the Group and
     other financial disclosures required under the GEM Listing Rules and the management has provided such explanation
     and information to the Board to enable it to make an informed assessment of the financial and other Board decisions.
     The Directors believe that they have selected suitable accounting policies and applied them consistently, made
     judgments and estimates that are prudent and reasonable and ensured the consolidated financial statements are
     prepared on a “going concern” basis. The auditor of the Company has made a statement about their reporting
     responsibilities in the Independent Auditor’s Report.

     The management has provided all members of the Board with monthly updates on internal financial statements so as
     to give the Directors a balanced and understandable assessment of the Group’s performance, position and
     prospects.




36   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
The Board has overall responsibility for the design, implementation, monitor and review of the Group’s internal
control system including the internal control and risk management for the Company to ensure their effectiveness and
efficiency. The objective of internal control is to safeguard the Company’s assets and ensure its accounting records
are properly maintained, so that all the financial information is accurate and reliable. The Group has adopted a series
of internal control policies and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance for achieving the objectives
including effective and efficient operations, reliable financial reporting and compliance with applicable laws and
regulations, including those relating to the Company’s environmental, social and governance performance and
reporting. All employees are committed to continually enhancing the risk management measures to ensure that these
measures work in line with the growth of our business strategies and integrated into day-to-day operation of the
business. The Board shall at least annually review its risk management and internal control system.


Internal Controls
The Group has maintained internal control policies to provide sufficient guidelines for the management staff and
employees of the Company to work efficiently under a standardised work procedure. The internal control policies
cover various operating processes from risk assessment, financial reporting, cost management and staff recruitment.
The internal control system is generally overseen by the executive Directors and senior management and is reviewed
at least once a year. For cost effectiveness, the Group did not divert resources to establish a separate internal audit
department. Nevertheless, the Board will continue to review at least annually the need for an internal audit
department. During the year, the Group engaged an independent internal control consultant to perform the review
on internal control of the Group, including financial, operational and compliance controls and risk management
functions. The Board concluded that the Group has maintained effective internal control measures to ensure that the
operations of the Group would be in full compliance with the CG Code and the applicable laws and regulations. The
Board is committed to implementing an effective and sound internal control system to safeguard the interest of
Shareholders and the Group’s assets and the internal control systems would be reviewed annually.


Risk Management
In the course of conducting the business of the Group, the Company is exposed to various types of risks, including
business risks, financial risks, environmental, social and governance risks, operation and other risks. The Board is
ultimately responsible for the risk management of the Group and the risk management system is reviewed at least
once a year. At operational level, a risk management team is in place to carry out risk identification and monitoring
procedures. The risk management team consists of the operation staff, the Company Secretary and Mr. Kwai Sze Hoi.
The objectives of the risk management process are to ensure that the operations of the Group would be in full
compliance with the CG Code and the applicable laws and regulations enhance the governance and corporate
management processes as well as to safeguard the Group against unacceptable levels of risks and losses. The risk
management process of the Group would involve, among others, (i) risk identification and analysis exercise which
involves assessment of the consequence and likelihood of risks and the development of risk management plans for
mitigating such risks; and (ii) review of the implementation of the risk management plans and fine tune when
necessary. During the year, the risk management process of the Group has been reviewed, and the Board considered
that process was effective and adequate for the year.




                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                 37
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Procedures and Internal Controls for Handling and Dissemination of Inside Information
     In handing and dissemination of inside information, the Group:


     (i)     will conduct immediate dissemination once inside information is available and/or respective decision is made,
             except the inside information falling into the Safe Harbours of Securities and Futures Commission that allow
             non-disclosure;


     (ii)    complies with applicable laws, rules and guidelines on disclosure of inside information issued by Securities and
             Futures Commission;


     (iii)   decides and implements monitoring procedures regarding dissemination of inside information; and


     (iv)    communicates with relevant persons about corporate information disclosure practices with respective training.


     Anti-corruption and whistle-blowing
     The Company takes a zero-tolerance approach to corruption or malpractice of any form throughout our operations.
     We strictly prohibit the acceptance of money or any other gifts from external entities such as customers, suppliers,
     contractors, authorities or other business partners. All employees are required to follow our Employee Handbook
     which details a set of guiding principles for responsible business conduct.


     In support of our policies on ethical behaviours, the Group’s whistle-blowing policy and grievance mechanism are in
     place to allow employees at all levels and those who deal with the Group (e.g. customers and suppliers) to raise
     concerns regarding any misconduct. To ensure whistleblowers have the freedom to report grievances without fear of
     reprisal, all cases are treated in strict confidence and submitted to designated personnel for further investigation.
     During the reporting year, there were zero cases of non-compliance with the relevant laws and regulations, including
     but not limited to the Prevention of Bribery Ordinance (Chapter 201 of laws of Hong Kong) relating to corrupt
     practices.


     COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS
     The Company had established a shareholders’ communication policy and the Board reviews it on an annual basis.
     The Board is satisfied with the implementation and effectiveness of the Company’s activities in communicating with
     Shareholders and investors during the reporting period. The Company communicates with the Shareholders mainly
     in the following ways: (i) the holding of AGMs and extraordinary general meetings, if any, which may be convened for
     specific purposes which provide opportunities for the Shareholders to communicate directly to the Board; (ii) the
     publication of announcements, annual reports, interim reports, quarterly reports (if any) and/or circulars as required
     under the GEM Listing Rules and press releases providing updated information of the Group; and (iii) the availability
     of latest information of the Group in the Company’s website at http://www.oceanlineport.com .




38   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



There is regular dialogue with institutional Shareholders and general presentations are made when financial results
are announced. Shareholders and investors are welcome to visit the Company’s website to raise enquiries and/or
communicate their views on various matters affecting the Company. The relevant contact details are available on the
Company’s website. The Directors, Company Secretary or other appropriate members of senior management of the
Company respond to enquiries from Shareholders promptly. All Shareholders are also welcomed to attend general
meetings of the Company to discuss matters relating to the Group.


Separate resolutions will be proposed at the general meetings for substantial separate issues, including re-election of
retiring Directors. The Company’s notice to the Shareholders for the AGM will be sent to Shareholders at least 20
clear business days before the meeting and notices of all other general meetings will be sent to the Shareholders at
least 10 clear business days before the meetings.


All the Directors of the Company attended the AGM of the Company held on 24 May 2023 (the “2022 AGM”) and
the Chairman of the Board as well Chairman of each of the Board Committees made themselves available to answer
questions at the 2022 AGM. External auditor was invited and attended the AGM to address shareholders’ enquiries.


The forthcoming AGM will be held on 29 May 2024 which will be conducted by way of poll. The Chairman of the AGM
and the chairman/members of the Board Committees will be available at the AGM to answer questions from the
Shareholders. With the assistance of the Company Secretary, the Chairman of the meeting will explain the procedures
for conducting a poll during the meeting.


SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
Set out below is a summary of certain rights of the Shareholders as required to be disclosed pursuant to the CG
Code.


Convening an Extraordinary General Meeting/Right to call Extraordinary General Meeting
Shareholder(s) representing at least 5% of the total voting rights of all the Shareholders having a right to vote at
general meetings may send a request to the Company pursuant to Section 566 of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter
622 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (“CO”). The request must state the general nature of the business to be dealt with at
the meeting, and may include the text of resolution that may properly be moved and is intended to be moved at the
meeting. Requests may consist of several documents in like form. A request may be sent to the Company for the
attention of the Company Secretary in hard copy form or in electronic form and must be authenticated by the
relevant Shareholder(s). Such request will be verified with the Company’s share registrar and the Company Secretary
will request the Board to convene a general meeting within 21 days upon its confirmation that the request is in order.
Such meeting must be held on a date not more than 28 days after the date of the notice convening the meeting and
such notice must include notice of the resolution.


Section 568 of the CO provides that if the Directors do not within 21 days as stated above to call a general meeting,
the Shareholders representing more than one half of the total voting rights of all of them, may themselves call a
general meeting, but the meeting so convened must be called for a date not more than 3 months after the Directors
become subject to the requirement to call a meeting. The meeting must be called in the same matter, as nearly as
possible, as that in which that meeting is required to be called by the Directors. The business that may be dealt with
at the meeting includes a resolution to be dealt with at the meeting. All reasonable expenses incurred by the
Shareholders of this purpose must be reimbursed by the Company.




                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                 39
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Putting forward Proposals at General Meetings/Right to Circulate Resolution at AGM
     Section 615 of the CO provides that (i) shareholder(s) representing at least 2.5% of the total voting rights of all
     Shareholders; or (ii) at least 50 Shareholders having a right to vote on the resolution at the AGM may request the
     Company to circulate a notice of a resolution may properly moved or is intended to be moved at that meeting. Such
     request must identify the resolution to be moved at the AGM, must be authenticated by the relevant Shareholder(s)
     and sent to the registered office of the Company for the attention of the Company Secretary in hard copy form or in
     electronic form not later than 6 weeks before the relevant AGM or if later, the time when the notice of AGM is
     despatched.


     Proposing a Person for Election as a Director
     The procedures for Shareholders to propose a person for election as a Director are available for viewing on the
     Company’s website.


     Enquires from Shareholders
     Shareholders should direct their enquiries about their shareholdings to the Company’s share registrar, Tricor Investor
     Services Limited. Other Shareholders’ enquiries can be directed to the Company Secretary of the Company whose
     contact details are shown on the Company’s website.


     CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
     During the year, there were several changes and updates on the Articles of Association of the Company being
     proposed in order to comply with the latest requirements of the GEM Listing Rules and other laws and regulations.
     Such proposed amendments were duly passed by way of special resolution at the annual general meeting of the
     Company held on 24 May 2023.


     For the details of the proposed amendments, please refer to the announcement and circular of the Company dated
     23 and 30 March 2023 respectively.


     The amended and restated Articles of Association of the Company are available on the websites of the GEM of the
     Stock Exchange and of the Company


     AUDITOR’S INDEPENDENCE AND REMUNERATION
     The Audit Committee is mandated to review and monitor the independence of the auditor to ensure objectivity and
     the effectiveness of the audit process of the financial statements in accordance with applicable standard. Members of
     the Audit Committee was of the view that the Company’s auditor, Messrs. BDO Limited (“BDO”) is independent and
     had recommended the Board to re-appoint it as the Company’s auditor at the 2023 AGM. The fee paid/payable to
     BDO for the year in respect of the audit services provided to the Company and its subsidiary amounted to
     RMB730,000.




40   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




ABOUT THE REPORT
Introduction of the Report
This report is the Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) Report (the “Report”) of Ocean Line Port
Development Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group” or “We”) for the current
financial year. This Report summarises the Group’s strategies, practices and vision regarding the ESG issues for the
year of 2023.

Reporting Scope and Reporting Period
Unless otherwise stated, this Report covers the achievements to environmental protection and social development of
two terminals that generate our major revenue and are operated by the Group, namely the Jiangkou Terminal and
Niutoushan Terminal. This Report explains the work performance with respect to the environment and social of the
Group from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023 (the “Year” or the “2023”) in details.

Basis for Preparation
This Report is prepared in accordance with the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide (the “ESG
Reporting Guide”) set out in Appendix C2 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on
the GEM of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”). This Report also complies with the
“Comply or Explain” provision of the ESG Reporting Guide and the reporting principles of materiality, quantitative,
balance and consistency. When preparing this Report, the Group adopted emission factors and international
standards listed in the ESG Reporting Guide issued by the Stock Exchange using the same preparation method as
the previous year. For details on applying materiality reporting principle, please refer to the section headed
“Materiality Assessment” in this Report.


Contact of the Group
For details of the financial performance and corporate governance of the Group during the Year, please refer to the
website ( www.oceanlineport.com ) of the Group and the Annual Report.


Your opinion is of great value to the Group. If you have any suggestion and feedback on this Report and the
performance of the Group in respect of sustainable development, please post them to the principal place of business
of the Company in Hong Kong, which is located at Room 2715–16, 27th Floor, Hong Kong Plaza, 188 Connaught
Road West, Hong Kong.

Data Sources and Reliability Statement
The information disclosed in this Report comes from the Group’s internal documents, statistical reports and relevant
public materials. The Group confirms that the Report does not contain any false statement, misleading representation
or material omission and take responsibilities for its contents as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness.


Confirmation and Approval
The management team of the Group has confirmed to the board of directors (the “Board”) of the Group that the
ESG risk management and internal monitoring systems for the Year are effective.


This Report received approval at the meeting of the Board held on 26 March 2024 at Suite 2101, 21/F, Two
International Finance Centre, 8 Finance Street, Central, Hong Kong. This Report is released in both English and
Chinese versions. Should there be any discrepancies between the two versions, the English version shall prevail. The
electronic version of this Report can be viewed on the website of the Stock Exchange and website of the Company.


                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED               41
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




     MANAGEMENT OF ESG
     Statement of the Board
     As a responsible corporate citizen, the Group adheres to the concept of sustainable development, actively fulfils its
     corporate social responsibilities and incorporates ESG management into its business development decisions. In
     addition, the Group has been focusing on maintaining closer connections with different stakeholders.


     The Group has established governance structure to strengthen the ESG management. The Board assumes full
     responsibility for the ESG issues of the Group and fully monitors related risks and opportunities. The Board is
     responsible for formulating management approach, strategies and goals in relation to the Group’s ESG, regularly
     reviews the goals set by the Group and performance of the goals and review the strategies pursuant to the actual
     condition. To integrate the concept of sustainability and manage ESG issues effectively, the Group has established
     the ESG Working Group (“ESG Working Group”) to help the Board to monitor and promote the implementation of
     various ESG strategies. The ESG Working Group is also responsible for assisting the Board to identify important
     issues and rank their priorities in order of importance, regularly report to the Board on the effectiveness of the ESG
     system and performance of the Group and prepare the annual ESG report.


     In the future, the Board will continue to monitor and improve the Group’s measures and performance on
     sustainability and commit to create long-term values for all stakeholders and the communities where the business is
     located.


     Management structure

                                          •    The Board is responsible for monitoring ESG issues, including
                 The Board
                                               formulating related approach and strategies.


                                          •    The ESG Working Group is responsible for assisting the Board to execute
            ESG Working Group
                                               various daily management works for ESG issues.


                                          •    Each functional department is responsible for enforcing various measures
          Functional Departments
                                               for ESG issues formulated by the Group.




42   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Identification and Communication with Stakeholders
In the course of its operations, the Group continues to pay attention to major issues of interest of the stakeholders.
The Group understands the expectations and needs of its stakeholders through comprehensive and transparent
communication, and continues to improve the Group’s sustainable development strategies and plans based on the
opinions of its stakeholders, so as to consolidate mutual trust and cooperative relations and jointly achieve its
sustainable development plan, create a future with the coexistence of sustainable economic growth, environmental
friendliness and social development.


Information of Stakeholders

 Stakeholders             Possible matters involved                  Communication and response
 Stock Exchange           Compliance with the Listing Rules and      Meeting, training, seminar, programme,
                          timely and accurate publication of         website update and announcement
                          announcements

 The government           Compliance with laws and regulations,      Interaction and inspection, governmental
                          attention to social welfare and            inspection, tax return and other information
                          prevention of tax evasion

 Suppliers                Payment schedule and stable demand         On-site investigation

 Investors                Corporate governance system, business      Company’s website, general meeting,
                          strategies and performance and             provision of financial report or business report
                          investment returns                         for investors, media and analysts

 Media                    Corporate governance, environmental        Notice published on the Company’s website
                          protection and human rights

 Customers                Product/service quality, reasonable        On-site inspection and after-sales service
                          price, service value, labour protection
                          and work safety

 Employees                Rights, interests and welfare, employee    Holding of team activity, training and interview,
                          remuneration, training and                 distribution of staff manual and internal
                          development, working hours and work        memorandum
                          environment

 Community                Community environment, employment          Development of social welfare sponsorship
                          and community development and              and donation
                          social welfare




                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                43
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Materiality Assessment
     In order to ensure that this Report has fully covered and responded to the major concerns of stakeholders, in addition
     to regular communication with stakeholders, the Group has also referred to various resources of internal policies,
     industry trends and Material Map by Sustainability Accounting Standards Board to identify issues with potential and
     actual impact to the Group’s sustainable development.


     The Group analysed and prioritised the ESG issues identified based on certain factors such as its strategy,
     development and objectives, and the results are as follows:

                                                                                                           Materiality Matrix
                         High                                                                                                                              1




                          Level of Influence on Stakeholders’ Assessment
                                                                                                                                                       2




                                                                                                                                           3
                                                                                                             4
                                                                                                                 5

                                                                                                       9              6
                                                                                      11                              7
                                                                                             12
                                                                                 14                                       8
                                                                                      13
                                                                                                                 10


                         Low
                                                                           Low             Significant impacts on Economic, Environmental and Social           High



                                                                                                                 ESG issues

                  1.    Health and safety                                                                                 8.    Anti-corruption

                  2.    Product responsibility                                                                            9.    Water consumption

                  3.    Labour standards                                                                                  10.   Community investment

                  4.    Climate change                                                                                    11.   Supply chain management

                  5.    Energy consumption                                                                                12.   Waste generation

                  6.    The environment and natural resources 13.                                                               Employment

                  7.    Development and training                                                                          14.   Emissions




44   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




ENVIRONMENT
Summary of Environment
The Group is an inland terminal operator in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), and mainly operates two port
terminals, namely, Jiangkou Terminal and Niutoushan Terminal, both of which are situated in Chizhou City, Anhui
Province, the PRC. Our services principally consist of the uploading and unloading services of bulk cargo, the
uploading and unloading services of containers, storage services and other relevant ancillary port services.


The Group has established a safety and environment department, led by a senior management member, for
supervising and managing issues relating to environmental protection and emission of hazardous dust and materials,
in order to ensure the Group’s compliance with existing requirements on environmental protection during its
business operations.


The Group strictly adheres to a series of national and local municipal government’s laws on environmental protection
by the state and local governments in the course of all business activities and production processes. During the Year,
we obtained all necessary local and national permits as well as various emissions approvals and licenses, including
but not limited to Port Operation License ( 港口經營許可證 ), Statement of Compliance of a Port Facility ( 港口設施保
安符合證書 ), Road Transportation Operation License ( 道路運輸經營許可證 ), Affiliate Permit for Handling Hazardous
Goods at Ports ( 港口危險貨物作業附證 ).


During the Year, the Group complied with all environment-related laws, including but not limited to the Water
Pollution and Prevention Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國水污染防治法》), the Law of the PRC on the Prevention
and Control of Atmospheric Pollution (《中華人民共和國大氣污染防治法》), the Solid Pollution and Prevention Law
of the PRC (《中華人民共和國固體廢物污染環境防治法》), Cleaner Production Promotion Law of the PRC (《中華人
民共和國清潔生產促進法》) and the Environmental Protection Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國環境保護法》).
Meanwhile, we were not involved in any confirmed non-compliance relating to environmental protection that would
have a material impact on the Group.


The Group and Environment
Intensive transportation and cargo handling activities at our terminals generate limited noise and cause water and
dust pollution. In regard to this, the Group has established internal environmental policies and engaged a third-party
agency with professional qualifications for conducting environment assessment of the Group. We hope to ensure
observance of legal obligations and requirements for normal operation through regular monitoring and inspection.


In order to effectively control dust and water pollution, we have implemented the following environmental protection
measures:


•    Setting up dust screens, dust-prevention walls and nets;


•    Setting up water spraying equipment and improving the sprinkling system; and


•    Setting up dust inspection system.




                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                45
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Emissions
     This Report is prepared in accordance with the ESG Reporting Guide of the Stock Exchange with a focus on direct
     greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions (Scope 1) and energy indirect GHG emissions (Scope 2), whereas other indirect
     GHG emissions (Scope 3) are excluded from the Report. The Group’s main source of direct GHG emissions is the use
     of gas cooking appliances and vehicles, and the main source of indirect GHG emissions is the consumption of
     purchased electricity.


     To support our port logistic services, in addition to private vehicles for customers pick up, we are also equipped with
     loaders, tractors, sprinkler trucks and shuttle buses. We regularly conduct routine inspection to keep the vehicles at
     their optimal condition, thereby improving fuel consumption efficiency and ensuring road safety.


     The Group is aware of the increasingly stringent laws and regulations in relation to environmental protection.
     Therefore, we are gradually using electric machines to replace the traditional diesel-powered horizontal transport
     machines at our ports with high emissions. The Group has prepared a Survey on Horizontal Transport Machine at Port
     and the Implementation of ‘Replacing Diesel with Electricity’ to record the progress of “replacing diesel with
     electricity”.


     During the Year, we generated a total of 1,523.96 kg of nitrogen oxides (NOx), 112.82 kg of particulate matter (PM),
     2.62 kg of sulphur oxides (SOx) and 8,789,957.17 kg of CO2e in GHG emissions, with details of the emission data set
     out below:


         KPI — Emissions1                                                    Unit                                                  Data
                                                                                                        Type of
         KPI A1.1                       Source                          2023                  2022      emissions             2023            2022
         Emissions — Vehicle emissions data

                                        Kilometres            362,044.36 km          230,354.13 km      Nitrogen        1,523.96 kg       658.83 kg
                                        travelled by                                                    oxides (NOx)
                                        vehicles

                                                                                                        Particulate      112.82 kg         48.27 kg
                                                                                                        Matter (PM)

                                        Units of fuel consumed by vehicles

                                        Diesel               158,016.22 litre        107,116.41 litre Sulphur oxides        2.62 kg         1.82 kg
                                                                                                        (SOx)

                                        Petrol                  5,393.32 litre         6,374.69 litre




     1
             The calculation of emissions is based on “How to prepare an ESG Report — Appendix 2: Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs” issued by
             the Stock Exchange.




46   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




    KPI — GHG emissions2                                                    Unit                                                    Data
    KPI A1.2                           Source                           2023                     2022                           2023            2022
    GHG emissions in total

    Scope: Direct GHG emissions from operations that are owned or controlled by the Company

    Scope 1 – Direct GHG               Fuel consumption                                                   Amount of emissions
    Emissions from combustion of
                                       Diesel                158,016.22 litre          107,116.41 litre
    fuels in mobile sources
    controlled by the Group            Petrol                  5,393.32 litre            6,374.69 litre                  437,514.89        309,064.11
                                                                                                                            kg CO2e         kg CO2e
                                       Liquefied               1,575.00 litre                     N/A
                                       petroleum gas3
                                                                                                          kg CO2e
    Scope 2 — Energy indirect          Purchased          14,648,482.00 kWh        12,906,374.00 kWh                   8,354,029.28     7,360,505.09
    GHG emissions                      electricity                                                                          kg CO2e         kg CO2e

    GHG emissions removals             Newly planted                69 trees                      N/A                      (1,587.00)            N/A
                                       trees                                                                                kg CO2e

    Total GHG emissions                                                                                                8,789,957.17 7,669,569.20
                                                                                                                            kg CO2e         kg CO2e

    Intensity of total GHG emissions                                                                                      41,074.57        35,507.26
                                                                                                                           kg CO2e/        kg CO2e/
                                                                                                                          employee4        employee


During the Year, the intensity of total GHG emissions increased by 15.68% as compared to the previous year. The
increase was mainly due to the recession of the pandemic, leading to the resumption of normal business operations,
which in turn has caused an overall rise in emissions. The Group is committed to achieving the GHG emissions
targets, but due to the actual business conditions, the targets set in the previous year could not be achieved
successfully. Looking forward, the Group will spare no effort in controlling the GHG emissions of the Group. We aim
to achieve the goal of maintaining or reducing the intensity of total GHG emissions in the next year, using 2023 as the
baseline year, through measures such as vehicle management, energy-saving policies, and green initiatives.




2
         GHG emissions are presented on a CO 2-equivalent basis with reference to, but not limited to, “Greenhouse Gas Protocol: Corporate
         Accounting and Reporting Standards” published by the World Resources Institute and the World Business Council for Sustainable
         Development, “Notice on Improving the Reporting and Verification of GHG Emissions of Enterprises of Certain Key Industries in the Period of
         2023-2025 (《關於做好2023–2025年部分重點行業企業溫室氣體排放報告與核查工作的通知》)” published by the Ministry of Ecology and
         Environment of the PRC, “Global Warming Potential Values” from the “Sixth Assessment Report” provided by the Intergovernmental Panel on
         Climate Change (IPCC), “How to prepare an ESG Report — Appendix 2: Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs” issued by the Stock
         Exchange.
3
         Relevant data is disclosed from 2023.
4
         At 31 December 2023, the total number of employees of the Group was 214 (2022: 216). This data will also be used for the calculation of other
         intensity-related figures.




                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                                  47
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Waste Generation
     The Group adheres to the principles of waste management and is committed to the rational management and
     disposal of waste generated from its business activities. The Group maintains high standards of waste reduction,
     educates its employees on the importance of sustainable development and provides them with relevant support to
     enhance their skills and knowledge in sustainable development. Due to the nature of its business, the Group does
     not generate significant amounts of hazardous waste in its day-to-day operations and therefore no related goals have
     been established. Nevertheless, we endeavour to reduce waste. If any hazardous waste is generated, the Group will
     engage qualified chemical waste collectors to handle such waste in order to comply with the relevant environmental
     laws and regulations.


     The main non-hazardous waste generated from our operations is paper. To reduce waste generation, we actively
     promote a “paperless” work environment and have implemented relevant measures, including but not limited to:


     •       Adopting an electronic mode of operation to centralise the processing of documents and files; and


     •       Regularly communicating environmental messages to employees, such as requiring employees to print on both
             sides and reuse paper printed on only one side in order to minimise paper consumption.


     During the Year, we generated a total of 17.90 tonnes of non-hazardous waste and details of the emission data are
     set out below:


         KPI — Non-hazardous waste                                                                          Unit and Data
         KPI A1.4                                            Source                                                  20235
         Non-hazardous waste emissions

                                                             Paper                                           17.90 tonnes

         Total emissions of non-hazardous waste                                                              17.90 tonnes

         Intensity of total non-hazardous waste emissions                                          0.08 tonnes/employee


     The Group is committed to reducing emissions of non-hazardous waste. We aim to achieve the goal of maintaining
     or reducing the intensity of total non-hazardous waste emissions in the next year, using 2023 as the baseline year.




     5
             Relevant data is disclosed from 2023.




48   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Use of Resources
Energy Consumption
In its daily operation, the Group’s direct energy consumption is diesel and petrol consumed by vehicles and liquefied
petroleum gas (LPG) for gas cooking appliances, while indirect energy consumption includes purchased electricity.
Our electricity consumption is mainly for the purpose of daily operation of the Group’s office and the machines and
equipment at the terminals. With respect to the office operation, electricity is required for maintaining the operation
of air conditioners, computers and other office equipment. Meanwhile, our machines and delivery equipment at the
terminals, including conveyors belts and cranes, also need electricity to drive.


To effectively use the Group’s resources, we have taken the following measures to save electricity in the Group’s
office:


•     Switch off the lightings and electrical appliances when not in use to reduce energy consumption;


•     Maintain the indoor temperature at an optimal level and switch off the air conditioner when it is not needed;


•     Switch off the air conditioner and lightings after office hours and in idle rooms; and


•     Our staffs are required to switch their computers and other equipment into hibernation mode or turn them off
      when they leave the office, including when paying visits to clients and during lunch hour.


Besides, we will strictly control the consumption of electricity by each machine and equipment item in order to
reduce the electricity consumption of the machines and equipment items at our terminals. Each and every production
unit will, on a regular basis, inspect and control the electricity consumption of each machine and equipment. They will
actively look into the reason when a certain machine and equipment item in a certain month consume more electricity
than it does in other months and implement corresponding measures to reduce electricity consumption of the
equipment.


In addition, our equipment department will carry out regular maintenance of the machines and equipment. We have
put in place a set of maintenance specification, e.g. 1,000 hours of maintenance specification. Our equipment
department will carry out a set of maintenance procedures according to our maintenance specification when our
equipment items have been operated beyond a stipulated number of hours to ensure our equipment items are in
effective operation and reduce unnecessary consumption of resources.




                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED               49
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



     Details of the Group’s energy consumption emission data are set out below:


         KPI — Energy consumption6                                                                              Unit and Data
         KPI 2.1                                      Source                                                     2023                      2022
         Direct energy consumption emissions7

                                                      Diesel                                     1,691,284.72 kWh

                                                      Petrol                                         52,268.60 kWh                          N/A

                                                      Liquefied petroleum gas                        11,441.25 kWh

         Indirect energy consumption emissions

                                                      Purchased electricity                    14,648,482.00 kWh          12,906,374.00 kWh

         Total emissions from energy                                                           16,403,476.57 kWh          12,906,374.00 kWh
           consumption

         Intensity of total energy                                                                         76,651.76                 59,751.73
           consumption emissions                                                                    kWh/employee              kWh/employee


     During the Year, the Group has expanded its energy consumption emissions data to better align with the disclosure
     regulations of the Stock Exchange. As such, the target regarding electricity consumption intensity established in the
     previous year will be adjusted accordingly. The Group aims to achieve the goal of maintaining or reducing the
     intensity of total energy consumption emissions in the next year, using 2023 as the baseline year.




     6
             The unit conversion method for energy consumption data is customized with reference to the “Energy Statistics Manual” published by the
             International Energy Agency.
     7
             Relevant data is disclosed from 2023.




50   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Water Consumption
Due to the nature of the Group’s business, water consumption is minimal, primarily arising from the daily use of water
by employees in the office during working hours, and does not include hazardous wastewater. The domestic sewage
is discharged directly into the municipal sewage network. Due to the geographical location of the Group’s
operations, there are no issues in sourcing water that is fit for the purpose.


To reduce the incidence of water pipes freezing and leaking due to the severe cold weather in winter, the Group
regularly uses antifreeze materials to insulate the pipes, protecting them from low temperatures and further
preventing the waste of water resources. Although the Group’s water consumption is minimal, it remains committed
to reducing its environmental impact by fostering and enhancing a water-saving culture among its employees.


Details of the Group’s water consumption emission data are set out below:


 KPI — Water consumption                                                                 Unit and Data
 KPI A2.2                                 Source                                          2023                  2022
 Emissions from water consumption

                                          domestic water                         27,587.00 m3            27,252.33 m3

 Total emissions from water                                                      27,587.00 m3            27,252.33 m3
   consumption

 Intensity of total water consumption                                               128.91 m3/             126.17 m3/
   emissions                                                                         employee              employee


During the Year, the intensity of total water consumption emissions increased by 2.17% as compared to the previous
year, indicating a stable level of emissions and achieving the target established in the previous year. The Group aims
to achieve the goal of maintaining or reducing the intensity of total water consumption emissions in the next year,
using 2023 as the baseline year.




                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED              51
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




     The Environment and Natural Resources
     The offices of the Group in their daily operations do not have significant impacts on environment or natural resources.
     The Group has always adhered to the principle of environment and natural resources protection in the course of its
     operations, and strives to avoid causing significant impacts on the environment or over-consumption of natural
     resources.


     Climate Change
     In response to the international community’s concern on climate change, the Group has included climate change-
     related risks as one of the ESG issues, and made relevant disclosures based on the recommendations of the Task
     Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures.


     The Group’s analysis of potential financial risks brought by climate change and response strategies are as follows:


      Risk type      Possible financial effects                     Short-term   Medium-term      Long-term         Response strategy
                     Low █ Medium █ High █                          (during      (1 to 3 years)   (4 to 10 years)
                                                                    the Year)

      Physical       Acute                                                                                          Develop safety rules and contingency
      risks          Extreme weather conditions such as                                                             plans in response to extreme weather
                     intensified floods leading to asset loss or                                                    conditions
                     supply chain interruption

                     Chronic                                                                                        Adopt energy saving policies and
                     Continuous high temperature and extreme                                                        green measures to avoid excessive
                     hot weather leading to increased electricity                                                   consumption of natural resources
                     consumption, consequently affecting
                     operation cost

      Transitional   Policies and regulations                                                                       Strictly implement emissions
      risks          More stringent climate policies and                                                            reduction measures, such as vehicle
                     regulations, such as stricter power                                                            management measures, to maintain
                     constraints, may increase compliance cost                                                      a low emissions level
                     and operating cost

                     Market                                                                                         Adhere to the Group’s sustainable
                     Consumers turned to be more active in                                                          development philosophy, strictly
                     environmental protection, resulting in a                                                       control services and operation
                     decrease in income                                                                             processes to meet consumer and
                                                                                                                    market expectations


     Although the climate change risks identified by the Group do not have a significant impact on its business, the Group
     will also review the potential impact of climate change on its business annually and adopt corresponding measures to
     reduce any potential risks.




52   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




SOCIETY
Employment and Labour Standards
Overview of Human Resources
We strongly believe that employees are the crucial cornerstone of corporate growth and an indispensable part of
sustainable development. Therefore, we wish to attract and retain talents through competitive compensation and
welfare mechanism and quality promotion opportunities. The Group strives to safeguard the statutory benefits of all
of our employees, and strictly adheres to various labour laws and regulations in the PRC, including but not limited to
the PRC Labour Law (《中華人民共和國勞動法》), the PRC Labour Contract Law (《中華人民共和國勞動合同法》),
and the PRC Social Insurance Law (《中華人民共和國社會保險法》).


Furthermore, we hope to continuously enhance our service quality and increase the development opportunities for
employees. Therefore, we provide a series of training to employees to improve their knowledge regarding business
operation and safety guidelines.


During the Year, the Group strictly complied with the labour laws and relevant regulations in the PRC and was not
involved in any confirmed non-compliance relating to employment that would have a material impact on the Group.


Employment
The Group has prepared the Staff Handbook (《員工手冊》) in accordance with applicable labour laws and
regulations, covering various policies on human resources, including but not limited to, recruitment and promotion
procedures, training, performance assessment management, salary and benefits, working hours, leave and other
vacations (including marriage leave, bereavement leave, work-related injury leave and maternity leave).




                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                53
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



     At 31 December 2023, the Group has in total 214 (2022: 216) employees. Details of the employees are as follows:


                                                 Total number of employees
                                                                                                 2023              2022


     Total number of employees                                                                    214                  216
     By gender
     Male                                                                                         193                  195
     Female                                                                                        21                   21
     By age group
     < 25                                                                                           1                   3
     25–29                                                                                         10                   9
     30–39                                                                                         51                   54
     40–49                                                                                         64                   70
     ≥ 50                                                                                          88                   80
     By employment type
     Full time                                                                                    214                  216
     Part time                                                                                      0                   0
     By geographical region
     Mainland China                                                                               213                  215
     Hong Kong                                                                                      1                   1



                                                      By Gender
                                                     Male         Female

                                       10%




                                                                                   90%




54   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




                       By Age Group
              <25     25–29     30–39   40–49   ≥50

             0%                                 5%


                                                24%
            41%




                                                30%




                    By Employment Type
                        Full time   Part-time

                                                0%




                                                100%




                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED   55
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



     During the Year, a total of 23 (2022: 28) employees of the Group resigned. The following sets out the statistics of
     employee turnover:


                                                  Employee turnover rate8
                                                                                                                       2023                  2022


     Total turnover rate                                                                                               11%                   13%
     By gender
     Male                                                                                                              11%                   12%
     Female                                                                                                              5%                  19%
     By age group
     < 25                                                                                                             100%                     0%
     25–29                                                                                                             30%                     0%
     30–39                                                                                                             10%                   26%
     40–49                                                                                                               3%                    7%
     ≥ 50                                                                                                              14%                   11%
     By geographical region
     Mainland China                                                                                                    11%                   13%
     Hong Kong                                                                                                           0%                    0%


     Recruiting and Retaining Talents
     We believe that the Group’s business success and development depend on the contribution and devotion from our
     employees. Hence, we actively make resource investments and provide favourable compensation and benefit
     packages to attract and motivate talents. We have in place a clear incentive policy, and, based on the competence
     and performance of staff, grant rewards to them accordingly, so as to enhance employees’ motivation.


     In addition, we determine fair compensation based on employee contribution and market standards. We have
     established a comprehensive staff performance assessment mechanism to unify evaluation criteria regarding
     performance of each employee during the year, with the evaluation results linked to staff salary and annual
     performance bonus.




     8
            Overall employee turnover rate = (number of employees who left during the year/number of employees at the end of the year) x 100%;
            employee turnover rate by category = (number of employees by category who left during the year/number of employees by category at the end
            of the year) x 100%.




56   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Welfare and Leave
The Group has adopted a standardised working hour system, pursuant to which, the daily working time of employee
is kept within eight hours and the weekly working time is limited to within 40 hours. The Group ensures that the staffs
are entitled to all statutory holidays, as well as marriage, bereavement, maternity leave and paid annual leave, in strict
compliance with the national requirements. Meanwhile, we make social security contributions for all our staffs,
including unemployment, medical, maternity, work-related injury, pension and housing provident funds. In order to
ensure the personal health of employees and maintain a safe work environment, all employees are required to go
through the health check organised by the Group before induction. We genuinely care about the physical and mental
health of employees, and encourage them to participate in the sport, cultural and leisure activities organised by the
Group to stay healthy both physically and mentally.


Tolerance
The Group strives to provide an all-embracing and harmonious work environment with zero harassment or
discrimination being tolerated. All recruitment, promotion and termination decisions are solely based on performance
and carried out through fair and transparent procedures, regardless of race, skin colour, nationality, religion, gender,
age and disability. In the course of operation, we will not use illegal means of violence, threatening or activity
restriction etc. to force employees to work.


Diversity Policy
We attach great importance to the non-discrimination principle of management and strive to create a diversified
working environment. In terms of Board composition, the Group has established a Director nomination procedure
which enables the Group’s shareholders to recommend any eligible person to stand for the election of Director.


Pursuant to our board diversity policy, recommendation for Board candidates will be based on different backgrounds
and expertise, criteria of recommendation include but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational
background, professional knowledge, skills and relevant experience. Elected Directors should have certain
advantages in the above criteria and are able to bring contribution to the Board. At least one male Director and one
female Director should be included in the elected Directors in order to achieve board diversity. The Board comprises
Directors with sufficient relevant experience and from various professional backgrounds, including financial
accounting, as well as male and female members, as a result, we consider the current composition of the Board of the
Group satisfies the requirements of diversity policy. The nomination committee is responsible for conducting
continuous review on the Board composition to ensure the requirements of diversity policy are satisfied.


Save for the Board, we also implement non-discrimination and diversity policy in the working environment of general
employees. The current employee structure of the Group comprises both male and female employees, both of which
are entitled to similar career development opportunities and welfare. We will continue to refine our diversity policy in
the future, including increasing the proportion of female in the employee structure.




                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                  57
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



     Health and Safety
     We attach great importance to occupational health and are committed to create a safe and healthy working
     environment for our staffs.


     The Group is in strict compliance with all applicable national and local laws and regulations in relation to health and
     safety, including the Work Safety Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國安全生產法》), the Law of the PRC on the
     Prevention and Treatment of Infectious Diseases (《中華人民共和國傳染病防治法》) and the Law of the PRC on the
     Prevention and Control of Occupational Diseases (《中華人民共和國職業病防治法》), etc.


     The Group did not have any fatalities in the past three years, including the Year. However, the Group had one case of
     work injury during the Year (2022: 3 cases) and the number of working days lost was 65 days (2022: 703 days). The
     Group reported the case to the local department of work injury of the Ministry of Human Resources and Social
     Security immediately after the incident and gathered an understanding through on-site video, witnesses and
     testimonies. During the period of the employee’s injury, the Group also arranged for management to offer
     consolation, and provided corresponding work arrangements in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Civil
     Code of the PRC (《中華人民共和國民法典》). The Group will periodically update our Staff Manual for Safety
     Production (《員工安全生產手冊》) to clarify the requirements for internal safety operation procedures, committing
     to provide a safe and healthy working environment.


     The Group has placed social insurance for all staffs in compliance with the law to ensure that those who experienced
     work-related incidents can obtain adequate medical coverage. We have held a special meeting concerning the
     incident to enhance education and reinforce the awareness of our staffs regarding protection and safety.


     In order to enhance our staffs’ safety awareness and ability to prevent accident, we have developed the Operation
     Procedures for Safety Production (《安全生產操作流程 》), which primarily comprise the details and key points for
     safety operation in each high-risk work, including operations of uploading and unloading packaged goods, clearing
     up vessels and importing bulk cargoes. In addition, our Staff Manual for Safety Production (《員工安全生產手冊》)
     has set out safety working procedures, proper wearing of labour protection items and safety operation rules for each
     production unit.


     Meanwhile, we have set up a safety committee which is responsible for organising safety training programmes and
     activities. Our safety committee will also update the Staff Manual for Safety Production (《員工安全生產手冊》) from
     time to time in accordance with applicable safety laws and regulations to ensure our operation procedures are
     executed in strict compliance with national requirement.


     Moreover, we have implemented a series of measures, so as to create a favourably comfortable and healthy work
     environment:


     •    Timely maintain our machines and equipment to ensure their proper operation;


     •    Ensure that all staffs are equipped with adequate labour protection items; and


     •    Carry out fire prevention and fire safety training and drills on a regular basis.




58   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Development and Training
We firmly believe that employees’ skills and experience are crucial cornerstones for the long-term development of
the Group, and continuing education enables our employees to remain competitive in the industry. Therefore, we
prepare Annual Training Plan every year and strive to enhance our employees’ performance by providing on-the-job
training and mentoring.


We expect to raise employees’ awareness on safety by providing a series of safe operation training. The training
includes but is not limited to delivering important tips for machine operations and safe operation procedures for
respective positions. We also hold training sessions on safety regulations for employees above the middle level to
keep them informed of major national safety laws and regulations and ensure our stringent compliance with the
related national laws and regulations in our daily operations.


In addition, we provide orientation training to newcomers and assist them to fit themselves in the new work
environment. The training includes but is not limited to the Group’s management system, corporate culture and safe
production and skill training. Pre-employment training also equips our employees with adequate work knowledge,
which further enhances our efficiency and work quality.


During the Year, the total training hours we provided to our employees amounted to 2,315 hours (2022: 2,147 hours).
Statistics in respect of development and training are set out below:


                          Percentage of employees trained9                                                     2023                    2022


Total employees trained                                                                                         79%                     68%
By gender
Male                                                                                                            90%                     91%
Female                                                                                                          10%                      9%
By employee category
Entry-level employees                                                                                           91%                     85%
Middle-level employees                                                                                            7%                     9%
Senior-level employees                                                                                            2%                     6%




9
       Percentage of total employees trained = (number of employees trained during the year/number of employees at the end of the year) x 100%;
       percentage of employees trained by category = (number of employees by category trained during the year/total number of employees trained
       during the year) x 100%.




                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                               59
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




                                      Average training hours10                                                          2023                    2022


     Average training hours of total employees trained                                                                 10.82                     9.94
     By gender
     Male                                                                                                              10.18                    10.06
     Female                                                                                                            16.71                     8.79
     By employee category
     Entry-level employees                                                                                             10.81                     4.19
     Middle-level employees                                                                                            12.54                    60.45
     Senior-level employees                                                                                              7.71                   21.40


     Labour Standards
     The Group is committed to the protection of human rights and complies with all laws and regulations relating to
     labour standards, including but not limited to the Labour Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國勞動法》).


     To prevent the hiring of child labour, we have strict requirements for screening employees. During recruitment, the
     Group requires applicants provide information such as identity cards, proof of highest academic qualifications,
     professional certificates (e.g. work certificates for technical positions) and certificates of termination of employment
     from their previous organisations for verification of identity. To prevent forced labour, the Group has outlined rights
     related to working hours and rest periods in the Staff Handbook (《員工手冊》).


     If any non-compliance with child labour or forced labour regulations is discovered, the Group will initiate an
     immediate investigation and, if the allegations are found to be true, will impose appropriate penalties on the non-
     compliant employees. The Group may also terminate the employment contracts with the relevant employees and
     take legal action accordingly.


     During the Year, the Group was not aware of any material non-compliance with laws and regulations relating to the
     employment of child labour and compulsory labour.




     10
            Average training hours= (number of training hours by category during the year/number of employees by category at the end of the year).




60   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Operating Practice
Supply Chain Management
As an inland terminal operator, good supply chain management is paramount to our success.


Terminal operation mainly requires machines, equipment components and consumables (such as fuel, electricity and
water). As such, during the Year, our main suppliers comprised fuel suppliers, conveyor belt and equipment
components suppliers. During the Year, we had a total of 59 suppliers (2022: 60 suppliers), all of which were from the
PRC. All suppliers have been carefully assessed and are subject to regular monitoring by relevant personnel.


To ensure quality, we have set up a range of standards for selecting suppliers and internal policies on supply chain
management, including but not limited to (1) product quality; (2) capacity and reputation; (3) pricing of products; (4)
timely supply of goods. Our purchasing staffs will assess suppliers regularly based on the above standards and to
phase out the unqualified suppliers. Considering the potential environmental and social impacts of the supply chain,
the Group prioritises potential suppliers who promote the use of environmentally friendly products and services, as
well as those who are committed to occupational health and safety, labour rights, and compliance with laws and
regulations, aiming to bring a positive impact to the entire supply chain.


Product Responsibility
As an inland terminal operator in the PRC, we focus on the provision of port logistic services (including the uploading
and unloading of cargo, temporary storage services prior to/or after shipments and short distance land transport
services. We place great emphasis on service quality and strive to improve and enhance service quality. All the
businesses operated by the Group are in compliance with the state and regional laws and regulations in relation to
product liability, including but not limited to Law of the PRC on the Protection of Consumer Rights and Interests (《中
華人民共和國消費者權益保護法》) and Tort Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國侵權責任法》).


During the Year, the Group had no non-compliance with relevant laws and regulations in relation to health and safety,
advertising, labeling and privacy issues.


Quality Control
The Group has set up a comprehensive quality control system, which includes the quality control policy and standard
operating procedures during our course of business to ensure the consistent quality of our services.


To ensure effective quality control, we only procure equipment components, machines and other supplies required in
our operation from recognised suppliers. The procurement department is responsible for the management of our
equipment. We select qualified suppliers with caution based on internal assessment standards (such as product
quality and pricing). Meanwhile, all the equipment will be inspected by the procurement department upon receipt to
ensure that the material and equipment purchased by the Group satisfy quality standards.


The equipment items used in port logistic services include portal cranes, belt conveyors, loaders, forklifts and
container trucks. As the aging or damage of equipment affects our quality consistency, our procurement department
performs full-dimensional inspection and maintenance on all equipment every two years and the findings of
inspection will be recorded in regular inspection reports to ensure quality standard.




                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                61
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



     The Group has set up a complaint and feedback system. Customers may provide feedbacks through calls, email or
     SMS in the event that they are unsatisfied with our service quality. Upon receiving the opinion or complaint of
     customers, the management will timely understand the case and take measures according to the actual situation. In
     addition, the sales department will perform a customer satisfaction survey at the end of each year, to receive
     customers’ feedback on the service quality of the Group. Based on the results of questionnaires, we will analyse and
     review our service quality and provide corresponding trainings to employees where appropriate.


     During the Year, the Group did not receive any complaint in relation to our product and services (2022: 0 cases).


     Intellectual Property Rights
     In 2017, the Group registered the trademark and domain name for its brand “Ocean Line Port Development Limited”
     and domain name “ www.oceanlineport.com ”, and the brand and domain name has thereby been under the legal
     protection of intellectual property (“IP”) rights.


     We believe that brand and IP are crucial to the success of the Group. The Group takes multiple measures to protect
     its IP rights to prevent the misuse or leakage of such rights. Employees are also prohibited from disclosing or
     exploiting any patents and trademarks to any third party. In the event of any infringement of our IP rights, we will
     deter infringers from continuing such behaviour and will take further action if the infringement persists.


     During the Year, the Group did not encounter any incidents of controversies, disputes and claims relating to the IP
     rights against any third parties.


     Privacy Policies
     We endeavour to establish long-term and trusting relationships with customers. In order to enhance the customers’
     confidence in our Group, we are committed to avoid the disclosure of confidential information of customers to third
     parties and to maintain and process the confidential information of customers prudently.


     The Group requires employees to use the computers provided by the Company only to save customer information.
     Our information management department is responsible for monitoring and ensuring the proper operation of the
     company’s network and servers to prevent and detect any unauthorised access.


     The Group required employees to sign the Employee Service Commitment (《員工服務承諾書》) to undertake to
     abide by the confidentiality duties and strictly observe the Company’s confidentiality to safeguard the interests of the
     Group. In addition, the Group’s Staff Handbook (《員工手冊》) set out the content and scope of confidentiality of
     employees, confidentiality obligations and liabilities for default. According to the Staff Handbook (《員工手冊》), all
     employees are strictly prohibited from leakage, illegal usage or improper utilisation of the company’s confidential
     information obtained from business or other ways. If any of the Group’s business confidential information is disclosed
     or copied without the consent of the Group, the Group will take disciplinary actions against the staff involved in
     accordance with the disciplinary provisions detailed in the Staff Handbook (《員工手冊》) and reserve the right to
     legal proceedings.


     During the Year, the Group was not aware of any cases in relation to leakage of customer information (2022: 0 cases).




62   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Anti-corruption
All the businesses operated by the Group are in compliance with the national and local laws and regulations
regarding the prevention of bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering, including but not limited to the Criminal
Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國刑法》) and the Anti-Money Laundering Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國反洗錢
法》). The Group requires its employees to strictly follow the requirements of the aforesaid ordinances in order to
prevent behaviors such as bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering.


In addition, we strictly prohibit all employees from using their powers for personal interests through the violations of
laws and regulations or illegal activities such as bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering in order to promote
anti-corruption resolutely. The Group has set up a reporting and complaint channel. If any suspected case is
observed, employees are able to report by telephone, email and SMS. Upon receiving any suspected cases, the
Group will promptly initiate an investigation and take the necessary and appropriate actions. We also commit to
protecting the identity of whistleblowers, to eliminate all conflicts of interest and behaviours that could potentially
harm the Group and its stakeholders. The Group will regularly monitor the effectiveness of its reporting mechanisms.


To protect the Group’s interest, the Group requires employees to strictly follow the code of conduct listed in the Staff
Handbook (《員工手冊》). In addition, the Group provides relevant training to employees on a regular basis. During
the Year, a total of 12 employees of the Group participated in approximately 36 hours of training on the Party
conduct, integrity building and clean business practices.


During the Year, there were no concluded corruption lawsuits involving the Group or its employees (2022: 0 cases).


COMMUNITY
Community Investment
We deeply understand the importance of giving back to the community and spare no effort in providing assistance.
Therefore, establishing community investment-related policies to govern the Group’s corporate social responsibility
(CSR) approach and priorities is a core responsibility of our management team. These policies ensure that CSR
measures are integrated into all business operations and that relevant CSR measures and programs are adapted to
local conditions. During the Year, a total of 453 employees of the Group dedicated approximately 96 hours to
volunteer for plastic waste and snow removal activities on Binjiang Road without compensation. The Group will
actively pursue collaborations with various public welfare and charitable organisations, always attentive to the
difficulties and needs of society and vulnerable groups. We are committed to proactively giving back to the
community with the goal of promoting social harmony.




                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                 63
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




     GENERAL DISCLOSURES AND KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS OF ESG
     REPORTING GUIDE OF THE STOCK EXCHANGE:

      Item            Description                                                             Reference Section

      A. ENVIRONMENTAL

      A.1 Emissions

      General Disclosure     Information on:                                                  Emissions
                             (A)    the policies; and
                             (B)    compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have
                                    a significant impact on the issuer
                             relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions discharges into
                             water and land, and generation of hazardous and non-
                             hazardous waste.

      Key             A1.1   The types of emissions and respective emissions data.            Emissions
      Performance
                      A1.2   Direct (scope 1) and energy indirect (scope 2) greenhouse gas    Emissions
      Indicators
                             emissions and intensity.

                      A1.3   Total amount and in intensity of hazardous waste produced.       N/A

                      A1.4   Total amount and in intensity of non-hazardous waste             Waste Generation
                             produced.

                      A1.5   Description of emission target(s) set and the steps taken to     Emissions
                             achieve them.

                      A1.6   Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are        Waste Generation
                             handled, and description of reduction target(s) set and steps
                             taken to achieve them.




64   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Item            Description                                                                 Reference Section

A2: Use of Resources

General Disclosure     Policies on the efficient use of resources, including energy,
                       water and other raw materials.

Key             A2.1   Direct and/or indirect energy consumption by type in total           Energy Consumption
Performance            and intensity.
Indicators
                A2.2   Water consumption in total and intensity.                            Water Consumption

                A2.3   Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and steps         Energy Consumption
                       taken to achieve them.

                A2.4   Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that     Water Consumption
                       is fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and steps taken
                       to achieve them.

                A2.5   Total packaging material used for finished products and with         N/A
                       reference to per unit produced.

A3: The Environment and Natural Resources

General Disclosure     Policies on minimising the issuer’s significant impact on the        The Environment and
                       environment and natural resources.                                   Natural Resources

Key             A3.1   Description of the significant impacts of activities on the          The Environment and
Performance            environment and natural resources and the actions taken to           Natural Resources
Indicators             manage them.

A4: Climate Change

General Disclosure     Policies on identification and mitigation of significant climate-    Climate Change
                       related issues which have impacted, and those which may
                       impact, the issuer.

Key             A4.1   Description of the significant climate-related issues which have     Climate Change
Performance            impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer, and
Indicators             responding actions.




                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED            65
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




      Item             Description                                                              Reference Section

      B. SOCIAL

      B1: Employment

      General Disclosure      Information on:
                              (a)    the policies; and
                              (b)    compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have
                                     a significant impact on the issuer
                              relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and
                              promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity,
                              diversity, antidiscrimination, and other benefits and welfare.

      Key              B1.1   Total workforce by gender, employment type (e.g. full or part     Employment
      Performance             time), age group and geographical region.
      Indicators
                       B1.2   Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and                   Employment
                              geographical region.

      B2: Health and Safety

      General Disclosure      Information on:                                                   Health and Safety
                              (a)    the policies; and
                              (b)    compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have
                                     a significant impact on the issuer
                              relating to providing a safe work environment and protecting
                              employees from occupational hazards.

      Key              B2.1   Number and rate of work-related fatalities in the past three      Health and Safety
      Performance             years including the reporting year.
      Indicators
                       B2.2   Lost days due to work-related injury.                             Health and Safety

                       B2.3   Description of occupational health and safety measures            Health and Safety
                              adopted, how they are implemented and monitored.

      B3: Development and Training

      General Disclosure      Policies on improving employees’ knowledge and skills for         Development and
                              discharging duties at work. Description of training activities.   Training

      Key              B3.1   The percentage of employees trained by gender and                 Development and
      Performance             employee category (e.g. senior management, middle                 Training
      Indicators              management).

                       B3.2   The average training hours completed per employee by              Development and
                              gender and employee category.                                     Training




66   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




Item            Description                                                                 Reference Section
B4: Labour Standards
General Disclosure      Information on:                                                     Labour Standards
                        (a) the policies; and
                        (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have
                               a significant impact on the issuer
                        relating to preventing child and forced labour.
Key             B4.1    Description of measures to review employment practices to           Labour Standards
Performance             avoid child and forced labour.
Indicators
                B4.2    Description of steps taken to eliminate such practices when         Labour Standards
                        discovered.
B5: Supply Chain Management
General Disclosure      Policies on managing environmental and social risks of the          Supply Chain
                        supply chain.                                                       Management
Key             B5.1    Number of suppliers by geographical region.                         Supply Chain
Performance                                                                                 Management
Indicators
                B5.2    Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers,            Supply Chain
                        number of suppliers where the practices are being                   Management
                        implemented, how they are implemented and monitored.
                B5.3    Description of practices used to identify environmental and         Supply Chain
                        social risks along the supply chain, and how they are               Management
                        implemented and monitored.
                B5.4    Description of practices used to promote environmentally            Supply Chain
                        preferable products and services when selecting suppliers,          Management
                        and how they are implemented and monitored.
B6: Product Responsibility
General Disclosure      Information on:                                                     Product Responsibility
                        (a) the policies; and
                        (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have
                               a significant impact on the issuer
                        relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy
                        matters relating to products and services provided and
                        methods of redress.
Key             B6.1    Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to recalls     N/A
Performance             for safety and health reasons.
Indicators
                B6.2    Number of products and service related complaints received          Quality Control
                        and how they are dealt with.
                B6.3    Description of practices relating to observing and protecting       Intellectual Property
                        intellectual property rights.                                       Rights
                B6.4    Description of quality assurance process and recall                 Quality Control
                        procedures.
                B6.5    Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies,       Privacy Policies
                        how they are implemented and monitored.



                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED              67
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




      Item            Description                                                                 Reference Section

      B7: Anti-corruption

      General Disclosure     Information on:                                                      Anti-corruption
                             (a)    the policies; and
                             (b)    compliance with relevant laws that have a significant
                                    impact on the issuer
                             relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering.

      Key             B7.1   Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practices          Anti-corruption
      Performance            brought against the issuer or its employees during the
      Indicators             reporting period and the outcomes of the cases.

                      B7.2   Description of preventive measures and whistleblowing                Anti-corruption
                             procedures, how they are implemented and monitored.

                      B7.3   Description of anti-corruption training provided to directors        Anti-corruption
                             and staffs.

      B8: Community Investment

      General Disclosure     Policies on community engagement to understand the needs             Community Investment
                             of the communities where the issuer operates and to ensure
                             its activities take into consideration the communities’ interests.

      Key             B8.1   Focus areas of contribution (e.g. education, environmental           Community Investment
      Performance            concerns, labour needs, health, culture, sport).
      Indicators
                      B8.2   Resources contributed (e.g. money or time) to the focus area.        Community Investment




68   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




TO THE MEMBERS OF OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Ocean Line Port Development Limited (“the Company”)
and its subsidiaries (together “the Group”) set out on pages 73 to 149, which comprise the consolidated statement
of financial position as at 31 December 2023, and the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the
consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended,
and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy information.


In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of
the Group as at 31 December 2023, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for
the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the
disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the “Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the
Consolidated Financial Statements” section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the
HKICPA’s “Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants” (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of
the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
separate opinion on these matters.


Valuation of investment properties
Refer to notes 4.4, 5(c) and 15 to the consolidated financial statements.


Management estimated the fair value of the Group’s investment properties to be approximately RMB90,700,000 as at
31 December 2023, with a fair value gain of approximately RMB822,000 recognised in the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income for the year then ended.




                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                 69
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




     KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)
     Valuation of investment properties (continued)
     Management has engaged an independent professional valuer (the “Management Expert”) to assist in performing
     the fair value measurement of the investment properties. In determining the fair value, the Management Expert have
     based on a method of valuation which involves certain estimates of market condition. The valuation of the Group’s
     investment properties are dependent on certain key assumptions and estimations that require significant
     management judgement.


     We identified valuation of the investment properties as a key audit matter because the valuation was inherently
     subjective and requires significant management judgement and estimation and significant changes in these estimates
     could result in material changes to the valuation of the investment properties.


     Our responses:


     Our procedures in relation to this key audit matter included:


     •    Evaluating the appropriateness of the valuation methodologies and the reasonableness of the key assumptions
          used in the valuation of the fair value of the investment properties;


     •    Evaluating the reliability of the inputs used in the valuation;


     •    Involving an auditor’s expert to assist our assessment on the reasonableness and appropriateness of the
          valuation methodologies and the key assumptions used in the valuation of the fair value of the major investment
          properties; and


     •    Evaluating the competence, capabilities and objectivity of the Management Expert and auditor’s expert.


     OTHER INFORMATION IN THE ANNUAL REPORT
     The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in
     the Company’s annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report
     thereon.


     Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
     any form of assurance conclusion thereon.


     In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
     information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
     financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based
     on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
     required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.




70   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
The directors are responsible for the preparation of consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in
accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no
realistic alternative but to do so.


The directors are also responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process. The Audit Committee
assists the directors in discharging their responsibility in this regard.


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion. This report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with the terms of our engagement, and for no
other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of
this report.


Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.


As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:


•     identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
      fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
      sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
      resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery,
      intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


•     obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
      appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
      Group’s internal control.


•     evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
      related disclosures made by the directors.


                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED              71
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




     AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
     •        conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
              the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
              significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
              uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the
              consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions
              are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or
              conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.


     •        evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
              disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
              events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.


     •        obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
              activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible
              for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
              opinion.


     We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
     audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our
     audit.


     We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
     regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
     thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards
     applied.


     From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the
     audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We
     describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter
     or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report
     because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
     benefits of such communication.




     BDO Limited
     Certified Public Accountants
     Cheung Wing Yin
     Practising Certificate Number P06946


     Hong Kong, 26 March 2024



72   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                       2023           2022
                                                                       Notes        RMB’000        RMB’000

Revenue                                                                 7(a)         173,583        187,377
Cost of services rendered                                                             (62,474)      (72,244)


Gross profit                                                                         111,109        115,133
Other income and gains, net                                             7(b)          13,600         12,392
Change in fair value of investment properties                            15              822           780
Selling and distribution expenses                                                     (1,068)        (1,014)
Administrative expenses                                                              (26,340)       (19,563)
Finance costs                                                            8                (14)          (41)


Profit before income tax                                                 9            98,109        107,687
Income tax expense                                                       11          (17,026)       (20,234)


Profit for the year                                                                   81,083         87,453

Other comprehensive income:

Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Change in fair value of equity investment at fair value through
   other comprehensive income                                                           (961)        (1,730)


Other comprehensive income for the year                                                 (961)        (1,730)


Total comprehensive income for the year                                               80,122         85,723


Profit for the year attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                                                 59,140         64,092
Non-controlling interests                                                             21,943         23,361


                                                                                      81,083         87,453


Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                                                 58,448         62,846
Non-controlling interests                                                             21,674         22,877


                                                                                      80,122         85,723


                                                                                   RMB cents     RMB cents


Earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company
— Basic and diluted earnings per share                                   13             7.39           8.01




                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED   73
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
     As at 31 December 2023




                                                                                     2023      2022
                                                                          Notes   RMB’000   RMB’000


     ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
     Non-current assets
     Property, plant and equipment                                         14     400,307   417,373
     Investment properties                                                 15      90,700    75,000
     Investment in an associate                                            28       2,600         –
     Equity investment at fair value through other comprehensive income    16      17,377    17,838
     Deposits and prepayments                                              20       2,450     1,709


                                                                                  513,434   511,920


     Current assets
     Inventories                                                           17       2,638     2,062
     Trade receivables                                                     18       4,564     5,157
     Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income     19       4,624     1,185
     Deposits, prepayments and other receivables                           20       5,482     4,039
     Time deposit                                                          21       2,293    35,328
     Cash and cash equivalents                                             21     299,267   253,465


                                                                                  318,868   301,236


     Current liabilities
     Trade payables                                                        22       6,641     9,245
     Contract liabilities                                                  23      40,640    41,712
     Other payables, accruals and receipt in advance                       24      97,421    89,458
     Lease liabilities                                                     25         499       497
     Deferred government grant                                             29         890       890
     Income tax payable                                                             2,855     9,193


                                                                                  148,946   150,995


     Net current assets                                                           169,922   150,241


     Total assets less current liabilities                                        683,356   662,161




74   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
As at 31 December 2023




                                                                                         2023       2022
                                                                  Notes           RMB’000        RMB’000


Non-current liabilities
Deferred government grant                                           29               30,754       31,644
Lease liabilities                                                   25                   1,092         –
Deferred tax liabilities                                           11(b)                 5,275     4,546


                                                                                     37,121       36,190


Net assets                                                                         646,235       625,971


EQUITY
Share capital                                                       30                   6,758     6,758
Reserves                                                            31             479,901       465,266


Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                       486,659       472,024
Non-controlling interests                                                          159,576       153,947


Total equity                                                                       646,235       625,971


On behalf of the directors




                           Kwai Sze Hoi                                    Huang Xueliang
                             Director                                         Director




                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED    75
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                              Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                                                                                      Assets            Fair                                 Non-
                                             Share          Share        Capital        Special      Statutory          Other    revaluation          value     Retained                controlling
                                            capital     premium          reserve        reserve        reserve        reserve         reserve       reserve     earnings    Subtotal      interests      Total
                                          RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000
                                          (Note 30)   (Note 31(a))   (Note 31(e))   (Note 31(b))   (Note 31(c))   (Note 31(d))   (Note 31(f))   (Note 31(g))


     At 1 January 2022                        6,758        50,277            369          7,591         83,583        176,540            376            (311)     83,995    409,178        146,899    556,077


     Profit for the year                          –              –              –              –              –              –              –              –      64,092     64,092         23,361     87,453


     Other comprehensive income:
     Change in fair value of equity
       investment at fair value through
       other comprehensive income                 –              –              –              –              –              –              –         (1,246)          –      (1,246)         (484)     (1,730)


     Total other comprehensive income             –              –              –              –              –              –              –         (1,246)          –      (1,246)         (484)     (1,730)


     Total comprehensive income                   –              –              –              –              –              –              –         (1,246)     64,092     62,846         22,877     85,723


     Transfer to statutory reserve                –              –              –              –        17,388               –              –              –     (17,388)          –             –           –
     Appropriations to reserve                    –              –              –         1,420               –              –              –              –      (1,420)          –             –           –
     Dividends declared to
       non-controlling interests
       (note 38)                                  –              –              –              –              –              –              –              –           –           –       (15,879)    (15,879)
     Capital injection by
       non-controlling interests                  –              –              –              –              –              –              –              –           –           –            50         50


     At 31 December 2022                      6,758        50,277            369          9,011        100,971        176,540            376          (1,557)    129,279    472,024        153,947    625,971




76   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                     Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                                                                             Assets        Fair                                 Non-
                                        Share         Share        Capital      Special     Statutory        Other    revaluation         value    Retained                controlling
                                       capital     premium        reserve       reserve       reserve       reserve          reserve    reserve    earnings    Subtotal      interests      Total
                                     RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000
                                     (Note 30)   (Note 31(a)) (Note 31(e)) (Note 31(b))   (Note 31(c)) (Note 31(d))   (Note 31(f)) (Note 31(g))


At 1 January 2023                       6,758        50,277           369         9,011      100,971       176,540              376      (1,557)   129,279     472,024       153,947     625,971


Profit for the year                          –             –            –             –             –             –               –           –     59,140      59,140         21,943     81,083


Other comprehensive income:
Change in fair value of equity
  investment at fair value through
  other comprehensive income                 –             –            –             –             –             –               –        (692)          –        (692)         (269)       (961)


Total other comprehensive income             –             –            –             –             –             –               –        (692)          –        (692)         (269)       (961)


Total comprehensive income                   –             –            –             –             –             –               –        (692)    59,140      58,448         21,674     80,122


Transfer to statutory reserve                –             –            –             –       19,018              –               –           –     (19,018)          –             –           –
Appropriations to reserve                    –             –            –         1,749             –             –               –           –      (1,749)          –             –           –
Dividends declared to
  non-controlling interests                  –             –            –             –             –             –               –           –           –           –       (16,045)    (16,045)
Dividends paid                               –       (43,813)           –             –             –             –               –           –           –     (43,813)            –     (43,813)


At 31 December 2023                     6,758         6,464           369        10,760      119,989       176,540              376      (2,249)   167,652     486,659       159,576     646,235




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                                                         77
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                     2023        2022
                                                                          Notes   RMB’000     RMB’000


     Cash flows from operating activities
     Profit before income tax                                                      98,109     107,687
     Adjustments for:
     Interest income                                                      7(b)      (6,103)     (4,788)
     Interest expense                                                       8          14          41
     Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                          9      23,360      23,403
     Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment                      9         (179)        (16)
     Change in fair value of investment properties                         15         (822)       (780)
     Amortisation of deferred government grant                              9         (890)       (890)


     Net cash inflow generated from operating activities before
       movements in working capital                                               113,489     124,657
     Increase in inventories                                                          (576)       (384)
     Decrease/(increase) in trade receivables                                         593         (731)
     Increase in debt instruments at fair value through
       other comprehensive income                                                   (3,439)     (1,185)
     (Decrease)/increase in trade payables                                          (2,604)       634
     (Increase)/decrease in deposits, prepayments and other receivables             (2,184)       844
     Decrease in contract liabilities                                               (1,072)     (6,085)
     Increase in other payables, accruals and receipt in advance                    7,963       1,469


     Cash generated from operations                                               112,170     119,219
     Income tax paid                                                               (22,635)    (19,161)


     Net cash generated from operating activities                                  89,535     100,058




78   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                       2023          2022
                                                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000


Cash flows from investing activities
Payments for additions of property, plant and equipment                              (5,045)       (14,371)
Payment incurred for investment properties                                          (14,878)          (543)
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                 501            44
Investment made in associate                                                         (2,600)             –
Investment made in equity investment at fair value through
  other comprehensive income                                                           (500)       (15,000)
Placement of time deposit                                                            (2,293)       (35,328)
Release of time deposit                                                              35,328              –
Interest received                                                                     6,103          4,788


Net cash generated from/(used in) investing activities                               16,616        (60,410)


Cash flows from financing activities
Repayment of principal portion of the lease liabilities                                (477)          (447)
Repayment of interest portion of the lease liabilities                                  (14)           (41)
Capital injection by non-controlling interests                                            –            50
Dividends paid to shareholders of the Company                                       (43,813)             –
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                         (16,045)       (16,896)


Net cash used in financing activities                                               (60,349)       (17,334)


Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                            45,802         22,314


Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                                  253,465        231,151


Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                                        299,267        253,465


Analysis of balances of cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents with an original maturity of
  three months or less:
  — Cash deposits at banks and on hand                                              253,060        236,462
  — Short-term deposit                                                               46,207         17,003


                                                                                    299,267        253,465




                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED   79
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     1. GENERAL INFORMATION AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION
          Ocean Line Port Development Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated as an exempted company with
          limited liability in the Cayman Islands on 30 October 2017. The address of the Company’s registered office is
          Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, P.O. Box 2681. Grand Cayman KY1-1111, Cayman Islands. The principal place of
          business of the Company is located at Room 2715-16, 27th Floor, Hong Kong Plaza, 188 Connaught Road West,
          Hong Kong.


          The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The Group is principally engaged in port operation
          in Chizhou City, Anhui Province, the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”). Details of the principal activities of
          the Company’s subsidiaries are set out in note 40 to the consolidated financial statements. The Company and
          its subsidiaries are collectively referred to as the “Group” hereafter.


          In the opinion of the directors, the Company’s immediate and ultimate parent is Vital Force Development
          Limited (“Vital Force”), a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands (the “BVI”) and its ultimate
          controlling parties are Mr. Kwai Sze Hoi (“Mr. Kwai”) and his spouse Ms. Cheung Wai Fung (“Ms. Cheung”).


          The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 were approved and authorised for
          issue by the board of directors on 26 March 2024.


     2. ADOPTION OF HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
        (“HKFRSs”)
          (a) Adoption of new and amendments to HKFRSs — effective 1 January 2023
                The Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) has issued a new and a number of
                amended HKFRSs that are first effective for the current accounting period of the Group:


                HKFRS 17 (including the October 2020        Insurance Contracts
                  and February 2022 Amendments to
                  HKFRS 17)
                Amendments to HKAS 1                        Disclosure of Accounting Policies
                  and HKFRS Practice Statement 2
                Amendments to HKAS 8                        Definition of Accounting Estimates
                Amendments to HKAS 12                       International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model Rules
                Amendments to HKAS 12                       Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising
                                                               from a Single Transaction




80   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023




2. ADOPTION OF HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
   (“HKFRSs”) (continued)
     (a) Adoption of new and amendments to HKFRSs — effective 1 January 2023 (continued)
           Impacts on application of HKFRS 17 — Insurance Contracts
           The Group has applied the new standard and the relevant amendments for the first time in the current
           period.


           HKFRS 17 defines an insurance contract as a contract under which the Group accepts significant insurance
           risk from another party (the policyholder) by agreeing to compensate the policyholder if a specified
           uncertain future event (the insured event) adversely affects the policyholder.


           In October 2020, the HKICPA issued Amendments to HKFRS 17 to address concerns and implementation
           challenges that were identified after HKFRS 17 was published. The amendments defer the date of initial
           application of HKFRS 17 (incorporating the amendments) to annual reporting periods beginning on or
           after 1 January 2023. At the same time, the HKICPA issued Amendments to HKFRS 4 Extension of the
           Temporary Exemption from HKFRS 9 that extends the fixed expiry date of the temporary exemption from
           applying HKFRS 9 in HKFRS 4 to annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023. In
           February 2022, the HKICPA issued Amendment to HKFRS 17 Initial Application of HKFRS 17 and HKFRS 9
           — Comparative Information to address implementation challenges that were identified after HKFRS 17
           was published. The amendment addresses challenges in the presentation of comparative information.


           Certain contracts entered into by the Group and contingent consideration payable in a business
           combination, meet the definition of insurance contracts under HKFRS 17. However, these contracts are
           specifically scoped out from HKFRS 17 and the Group continues to account for these contracts under
           relevant accounting standards. Therefore, the application of HKFRS 17 in the current period had no
           material impact on the consolidated financial statements.


           Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKFRS Practice Statement 2 — Disclosure of Accounting Policies
           The amendments to HKAS 1 require companies to disclose their material accounting policy information
           rather than their significant accounting policies. The amendments to HKFRS Practice Statement 2 provide
           guidance on how to apply the concept of materiality to accounting policy disclosures.


           The amendments have had an impact on the Group’s disclosures of accounting policies, but not on the
           measurement, recognition or presentation of any items in the Group’s consolidated financial statements.




                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED             81
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     2. ADOPTION OF HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
        (“HKFRSs”) (continued)
          (a) Adoption of new and amendments to HKFRSs — effective 1 January 2023 (continued)
                Amendments to HKAS 8 — Definition of Accounting Estimates
                The amendments clarifies how companies should distinguish changes in accounting policies from changes
                in accounting estimates. The distinction is important, because changes in accounting estimates are
                applied prospectively to future transactions and other future events, but changes in accounting policies
                are generally applied retrospectively to past transactions and other past events as well as the current
                period.


                The amendments had no impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.


                Amendments to HKAS 12 — International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model Rules
                The amendments introduce a mandatory temporary exception from the recognition and disclosure of
                deferred taxes arising from the implementation of the Pillar Two model rules published by the
                Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development. The amendments also introduce disclosure
                requirements for the affected entities to help users of the financial statements better understand the
                entities’ exposure to Pillar Two income taxes, including the disclosure of current tax related to Pillar Two
                income taxes separately in the periods when Pillar Two legislation is effective and the disclosure of known
                or reasonably estimable information of their exposure to Pillar Two income taxes in periods in which the
                legislation is enacted or substantively enacted but not yet in effect. Entities are required to disclose the
                information relating to their exposure to Pillar Two income taxes in annual periods.


                The amendments had no impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements as the Group is not in
                scope of the Pillar Two model rules as its revenue is less that EUR750 million/year and not operate
                multinationally.


                Amendments to HKAS 12 — Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single
                Transaction
                The amendments require companies to recognise deferred tax on transactions that, on initial recognition,
                give rise to equal amounts of taxable and deductible temporary differences. They will typically apply to
                transactions such as leases of lessees and decommissioning obligations and will require the recognition of
                additional deferred tax assets and liabilities.


                The amendment should be applied to transactions that occurs on or after the beginning of the earliest
                comparative period presented. In addition, entities should recognise deferred tax assets (to the extent
                that it is probable that they can be utilised) and deferred tax liabilities at the beginning of the earliest
                comparative period for all deductible and taxable temporary differences associated with:


                •     right-of-use assets and lease liabilities; and


                •     decommissioning, restoration and similar liabilities, and the corresponding amounts recognised as
                      part of the cost of the related assets.



82   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023




2. ADOPTION OF HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
   (“HKFRSs”) (continued)
     (a) Adoption of new and amendments to HKFRSs — effective 1 January 2023 (continued)
           Amendments to HKAS 12 — Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single
           Transaction (continued)
           The cumulative effect of recognising these adjustments is recognised in retained earnings, or another
           component of equity, as appropriate.


           The application of the amendments has had no material impact on the Group’s consolidated financial
           statements but has affected the disclosure of the Group’s accounting policies.

     (b) Amendments to HKFRSs that have been issued but are not yet effective
           The following revised HKFRSs have been issued, but are not yet effective and have not been early
           adopted by the Group. The Group’s current intention is to apply these changes on the date they become
           effective.


           Amendments to HKAS 1                             Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and HK
                                                              Interpretation 5 (Revised), Presentation of Financial Statements
                                                              — Classification by the Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains
                                                              a Repayment on Demand Clause1
           Amendments to HKAS 1                             Non-current Liabilities with Covenants1
           Amendments to HKFRS 10                           Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor
            and HKAS 28                                       and its Associate or Joint Venture3
           Amendments to HKFRS 16                           Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback1
           Amendments to HKAS 7                             Supplier Finance Arrangements1
            and HKFRS 7
           Amendments to HKAS 21                            Lack of Exchangeability2

           1
                 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024.
           2
                 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025.
           3
                 The amendments shall be applied prospectively to the sale or contribution of assets occurring in annual periods beginning on or
                 after a date to be determined.


           Amendments to HKAS 1 — Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and HK Interpretation
           5 (Revised), Presentation of Financial Statements — Classification by the Borrower of a Term Loan that
           Contains a Repayment on Demand Clause
           The amendments clarify that the classification of liabilities as current or non-current is based on rights that
           are in existence at the end of the reporting period, specify that classification is unaffected by expectations
           about whether an entity will exercise its right to defer settlement of a liability and explain that rights are in
           existence if covenants are complied with at the end of the reporting period. The amendments also
           introduce a definition of ‘settlement’ to make clear that settlement refers to the transfer to the
           counterparty of cash, equity instruments, other assets or services.


           HK Int 5 (Revised) was revised October 2020 as a consequence of the Amendments to HKAS 1 issued in
           August 2020. The revision to HK Int 5 (Revised) updates the wordings in the interpretation to align with
           the Amendments to HKAS 1 with no change in conclusion and do not change the existing requirements.


                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                                  83
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     2. ADOPTION OF HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
        (“HKFRSs”) (continued)
          (b) Amendments to HKFRSs that have been issued but are not yet effective (continued)
                Amendments to HKAS 1 — Non-current Liabilities with Covenants
                The amendments further clarify that among covenants of a liability arising from a loan agreement, only
                those with which an entity must comply on or before the reporting date affect the classification of that
                liability as current or non-current. In addition, the 2022 Amendments require additional disclosures by an
                entity that classifies liabilities arising from loan arrangements as non-current when it has a right to defer
                settlement of those liabilities that are subject to the entity complying with future covenants within 12
                months after the reporting period.


                Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 — Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
                Associate or Joint Venture
                The amendments clarify with situations where there is a sale or contribution of assets between an investor
                and its associate or joint venture. When the transaction with an associate or joint venture that is accounted
                for using the equity method, any gains or losses resulting from the loss of control of a subsidiary that does
                not contain a business are recognised in the profit or loss only to the extent of the unrelated investors’
                interests in that associate or joint venture. Similarly, any gains or losses resulting from the remeasurement
                of retained interest in any former subsidiary (that has become an associate or a joint venture) to fair value
                are recognised in the profit or loss only to the extent of the unrelated investors’ interests in the new
                associate or joint venture.


                Amendments to HKFRS 16 — Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback
                The amendments add subsequent measurement requirements for sale and leaseback transactions that
                satisfy the requirements of HKFRS 15 to be accounted for as a sale. The amendments require a seller-
                lessee to determine “lease payments” or “revised lease payments” such that the seller-lessee would not
                recognize a gain or loss that relates to the right of use retained by the seller-lessee. The amendments also
                clarify that applying the requirements does not prevent the seller-lessee from recognising in profit or loss
                any gain or loss relating to subsequent partial or full termination of a lease.


                Amendments to HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7 — Supplier Finance Arrangements
                Amendments to HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7 clarify the characteristics of supplier finance arrangements and
                require additional disclosure of such arrangements. The disclosure requirements in the amendments are
                intended to assist users of financial statements in understanding the effects of supplier finance
                arrangements on an entity’s liabilities, cash flows and exposure.


                The amendments will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024. Early
                adoption is permitted, but will need to be disclosed.




84   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023




2. ADOPTION OF HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS
   (“HKFRSs”) (continued)
     (b) Amendments to HKFRSs that have been issued but are not yet effective (continued)
           Amendments to HKAS 21 — Lack of Exchangeability
           The Amendments introduce requirements to assess when a currency is exchangeable into another
           currency and when it is not. The Amendments require an entity to estimate the spot exchange rate when
           it concludes that a currency is not exchangeable into another currency.


           The Amendments primarily include the following:


           •     Requirements to assess when a currency is exchangeable into another currency and when it is not


           •     Requirements to estimate the spot exchange rate when a currency is not exchangeable into another
                 currency


           •     Additional disclosure requirements when an entity estimates the spot exchange rate because a
                 currency is not exchangeable into another currency


           •     Application guidance to help entities assess whether a currency is exchangeable into another
                 currency and to estimate the spot exchange rate when a currency is not exchangeable


           •     Illustrative examples


           •     Amendments to HKFRS 1 First-time Adoption of International Financial Reporting Standards to align
                 the requirements related to severe hyperinflation to the amended HKAS 21.


           The directors anticipate that all of the relevant pronouncements will be adopted in the Group’s
           accounting policy for the first period beginning after the effective date of the pronouncement. The
           directors are currently assessing the possible effect of these revised standards on the Group’s results and
           financial position in the first year of application. The directors consider that the revised HKFRSs that have
           been issued but are not yet effective are unlikely to have material impact on the Group’s results and
           financial position upon application.




                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                 85
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     3. BASIS OF PREPARATION
          (a) Basis of compliance
                The consolidated financial statements on pages 73 to 149 have been prepared in accordance with all
                applicable HKFRSs, Hong Kong Accounting standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations and the disclosure
                requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. In addition, the consolidated financial statements
                include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on GEM of the
                Stock Exchange.


          (b) Basis of measurement
                The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except
                for investment properties, debt instruments and equity investment at fair value through other
                comprehensive income (“FVOCI”) which are measured at fair value. The measurement bases are fully
                described in the accounting policies below.


                Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and
                services.


                Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
                transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is
                directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset
                or a liability, the Group takes into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants
                would take those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date.
                Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these consolidated financial statements is
                determined on such a basis, except for share-based payment transactions that are within the scope of
                HKFRS 2 Share-based Payment, leasing transactions that are accounted for in accordance with HKFRS 16,
                and measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net realisable
                value in HKAS 2 Inventories or value in use in HKAS 36 Impairment of Assets.


                It should be noted that accounting estimates and assumptions are used in preparation of the consolidated
                financial statements. Although these estimates are based on management’s best knowledge and
                judgement of current events and actions, actual results may ultimately differ from those estimates. The
                areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates
                are significant to the consolidated financial statements are disclosed in note 5.


          (c)   Functional and presentation currency
                The functional currency of the Company is Hong Kong Dollars, while the consolidated financial statements
                are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”). As the functional currency of the major subsidiaries of the Company
                is RMB, the directors consider that it will be more appropriate to adopt RMB as the Group’s and the
                Company’s presentation currency. All values are rounded to the nearest thousand except when otherwise
                indicated.




86   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023




4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
     4.1 Basis of consolidation
           The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of the Company and its
           subsidiaries. Inter-company transactions and balances between group companies together with unrealised
           profits are eliminated in full in preparing the consolidated financial statements.


           Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position within equity,
           separately from equity attributable to owners of the Company. Profit or loss and each component of other
           comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests.
           Total comprehensive income is attributed to such non-controlling interests even if this results in those
           non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.


     4.2 Subsidiaries
           A subsidiary is an investee over which the Company is able to exercise control. The Company controls an
           investee if all three of the following elements are present: power over the investee, exposure, or rights, to
           variable returns from the investee, and the ability to use its power to affect those variable returns. Control
           is reassessed whenever facts and circumstances indicate that there may be a change in any of these
           elements of control.


     4.3 Property, plant and equipment
           Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated
           impairment losses. The cost of an asset comprises its purchase price and any directly attributable costs of
           bringing the asset to the working condition and location for its intended use. Subsequent costs are
           included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is
           probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the
           item can be measured reliably. All other costs, such as repairs and maintenance costs, are charged to
           profit or loss during the financial period in which they are incurred.




                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                  87
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
          4.3 Property, plant and equipment (continued)
                Property, plant and equipment are depreciated so as to write off their cost, other than construction in
                progress, net of expected residual value, over their estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis. The
                useful lives, residual value and depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end
                of each reporting period. The useful lives are as follows:


                Terminal facilities                         The shorter of the lease term and 25-30 years
                Buildings                                   The shorter of the lease term and 10-40 years
                Port machinery and equipment                8-12 years
                Vessels                                     25 years
                Motor vehicles                              5-8 years
                Furniture and office equipment              5 years
                Leasehold improvements                      The shorter of the lease terms and 5-30 years
                Right-of-use assets                         The shorter of assets’ useful life and the lease terms

                The gain or loss arising on retirement or disposal is determined as the difference between the sales
                proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in the consolidated statement of
                comprehensive income.


                Construction in progress is stated at cost less impairment losses. Cost comprises direct costs of
                construction as well as borrowing costs capitalised during the periods of construction and installation.
                Capitalisation of these costs ceases and the construction in progress is transferred to the appropriate
                class of property, plant and equipment when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the assets
                for their intended use are completed. No depreciation is provided for in respect of construction in
                progress until it is completed and ready for its intended use.


                An asset is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if its carrying amount is higher than the
                asset’s estimated recoverable amount.


          4.4 Investment property
                Investment property is held either to earn rentals or for capital appreciation or for both, but not held for
                sale in the ordinary course of business, use in the production or supply of goods or services or for
                administrative purposes. Investment property is measured at cost on initial recognition and subsequently
                at fair value with any change therein recognised in profit or loss.




88   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023




4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     4.5 Leasing
           All leases (irrespective of they are operating leases or finance leases) are capitalised in the consolidated
           statement of financial position as right-of-use assets and lease liabilities.


           (i)    Right-of-use asset
                  The right-of-use asset is recognised at cost, which comprise: (i) the amount of the initial
                  measurement of the lease liability (see below for the accounting policy to account for lease liability);
                  (ii) any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives
                  received; (iii) any initial direct costs incurred by the lessee and (iv) an estimate of costs to be incurred
                  by the lessee in dismantling and removing the underlying asset to the condition required by the
                  terms and conditions of the lease, unless those costs are incurred to produce inventories. The Group
                  measures the right-of-use assets applying a cost model. Under the cost model, the Group measures
                  the right to use assets at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses, and
                  adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liability. For right-of-use asset that meets the definition of
                  an investment property, they are carried at fair value.


                  The Group accounts for certain leasehold land and buildings that are held for rental or capital
                  appreciation purpose under HKAS 40 and are carried at fair value at subsequent reporting dates.


                  Right-of-use assets in which the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the underlying
                  leased assets at the end of the lease term are depreciated from commencement date to the end of
                  the useful life. Otherwise, right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter
                  of its estimated useful life and the lease term.


                  The Group presents right-of-use assets in “property, plant and equipment”, the same line item
                  within which the corresponding underlying assets would be presented if they were owned.


           (ii)   Lease liability
                  The lease liability is recognised at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the
                  date of commencement of the lease. The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate
                  implicit in the lease, if that rate can be readily determined. If that rate cannot be readily determined,
                  the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate of the particular lessee.




                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                     89
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
          4.5 Leasing (continued)
                (ii)    Lease liability (continued)
                        The following payments for the right to use the underlying asset during the lease term that are not
                        paid at the commencement date of the lease are considered to be lease payments: (i) fixed
                        payments less any lease incentives receivable; (ii) variable lease payments that depend on an index
                        or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at commencement date; (iii) amounts expected
                        to be payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees; (iv) the exercise price of a purchase
                        option if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option and (v) payments of penalties for
                        terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the lessee exercising an option to terminate the
                        lease.


                        Subsequent to the commencement date, the Group measures the lease liability by: (i) increasing the
                        carrying amount to reflect interest on the lease liability; (ii) reducing the carrying amount to reflect
                        the lease payments made; and (iii) remeasuring the carrying amount to reflect any reassessment or
                        lease modifications, e.g., a change in future lease payments arising from change in an index or rate,
                        a change in the lease term, a change in the in substance fixed lease payments or a change in
                        assessment to purchase the underlying asset.


                        The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of
                        financial position.


                        Lease modification
                        The Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if: (i) the modification increases the
                        scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying assets; and (ii) the
                        consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone price for
                        the increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to reflect the
                        circumstances of the particular contract.


                        For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the
                        lease liability based on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting the revised lease
                        payments using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.


                (iii)   Accounting as a lessor
                        The Group has leased out its investment properties to a number of tenants. Rental income from
                        operating leases is recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the term of the relevant
                        lease. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the
                        carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised as an expense on the straight-line basis over
                        the lease term.




90   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023




4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     4.6 Revenue recognition
           Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of goods or services is transferred to
           the customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in
           exchange for those goods or services, excluding those amounts collected on behalf of third parties.
           Revenue excludes value added tax or other sales taxes and is after deduction of any trade discounts.


           Depending on the terms of the contract and the laws that apply to the contract, control of the goods or
           service may be transferred over time or at a point in time. Control of the goods or service is transferred
           over time if the Group’s performance:


           •     provides all of the benefits received and consumed simultaneously by the customer;


           •     creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs; or


           •     does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an enforceable
                 right to payment for performance completed to date.


           If control of the goods or services transfers over time, revenue is recognised over the period of the
           contract by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of that performance obligation.
           Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the goods or
           service.


           Where the contract contains a financing component which provides a significant financing benefit to the
           Group, revenue recognised under that contract includes the interest expense accreted on the contract
           liability under the effective interest method. For contracts where the period between the payment and the
           transfer of the promised goods or services is one year or less, the transaction price is not adjusted for the
           effects of a significant financing component, using the practical expedient in HKFRS 15.


           (a)   Provision of port services
                 i.   Container and cargo handling services
                      Revenue is recognised at a point in time when handling services are delivered to the
                      customers. Storage service included in general port service contracts is provided to customers
                      to store their goods temporarily prior to/or after shipments, and it is supplementary service for
                      assisting the handling service of container, general and bulk cargos. Considering the customer
                      cannot benefit from storage service by standalone, it is not considered a performance
                      obligation to be separately accounted for.




                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                  91
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
          4.6 Revenue recognition (continued)
                (a)   Provision of port services (continued)
                      ii.   Ancillary port services
                            Included in ancillary port services, revenue from transportation service is recognised over time
                            in the accounting period in which the service are rendered. Revenue is recognised over time
                            when the Group transfers the control of the services over time, based on actual service
                            provided to the end of the reporting period as a proportion of the total services to be
                            provided, because the customer receives and uses the benefits simultaneously. Revenue from
                            provision of other ancillary port services is recognised at a point in time when the services are
                            rendered.


                      Invoices for port services are issued on a monthly basis upon completion of service. Customers are
                      usually offered with a credit period ranging from 10 days to 55 days from the date of issue of the
                      invoice. For certain customers, they are required to pay the port services fee before rendering of
                      port services by the Group. A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer services
                      to a customer for which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due)
                      from the customer.


                      A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer services to a customer for which the
                      Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.


                (b)   Interest income
                      Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method, which is the rate that exactly
                      discounts the estimated future cash receipts through the expected life of the financial instrument or
                      a shorter period, where appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.


                (c)   Rental income
                      Rental income under operating leases is recognised on a straight-line basis over the term of the
                      relevant lease.




92   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023




4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     4.7 Financial Instruments
           (i)   Financial assets
                 A financial asset (unless it is a trade receivable without a significant financing component) is initially
                 measured at fair value plus, for an item not at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”), transaction
                 costs that are directly attributable to its acquisition or issue. A trade receivable without a significant
                 financing component is initially measured at the transaction price.


                 All regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade date, that is, the
                 date that the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Regular way purchases or sales are
                 purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally
                 established by regulation or convention in the market place.


                 Debt instruments
                 Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for
                 managing the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are two measurement
                 categories into which the Group classifies its debt instruments:


                 Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows
                 represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost. Financial assets
                 at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest rate method. Interest
                 income, foreign exchange gains and losses and impairment are recognised in profit or loss. Any gain
                 or loss on derecognition is recognised in profit or loss.


                 FVOCI: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the financial
                 assets, where the assets’ cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest, are
                 measured at FVOCI. Debt investments at FVOCI are subsequently measured at fair value. Interest
                 income calculated using the effective interest rate method, foreign exchange gains and losses and
                 impairment are recognised in profit or loss. Other net gains and losses are recognised in other
                 comprehensive income. On derecognition, gains and losses accumulated in other comprehensive
                 income are reclassified to profit or loss.


                 Equity instruments
                 On initial recognition of an equity investment that is not held for trading, the Group could
                 irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in the investment’s fair value in other
                 comprehensive income. This election is made on an investment-by-investment basis. Equity
                 instruments at FVOCI are measured at fair value. Dividend income are recognised in profit or loss
                 unless the dividend income clearly represents a recovery of part of the cost of the investments.
                 Other net gains and losses are recognised in other comprehensive income and are not reclassified
                 to profit or loss. All other equity instruments are classified as FVTPL, whereby changes in fair value,
                 dividends and interest income are recognised in profit or loss.




                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                   93
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
          4.7 Financial Instruments (continued)
                (ii)   Impairment loss on financial assets
                       The Group recognises loss allowances for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for trade receivables,
                       financial assets measured at amortised cost and debt investments measured at FVOCI. The ECLs are
                       measured on either of the following bases: (1) 12-month ECLs: these are the ECLs that result from
                       possible default events within the 12 months after the reporting date; and (2) lifetime ECLs: these
                       are ECLs that result from all possible default events over the expected life of a financial instrument.
                       The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over
                       which the Group is exposed to credit risk.


                       ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the
                       difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in accordance with the
                       contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive. The shortfall is then discounted at
                       an approximation to the assets’ original effective interest rate.


                       The Group has elected to measure loss allowances for trade receivables using HKFRS 9 simplified
                       approach and has calculated ECLs based on lifetime ECLs. The Group has established a provision
                       matrix that is based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking
                       factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment.


                       For other debt financial assets, the ECLs are based on the 12-month ECLs. However, when there has
                       been a significant increase in credit risk since origination, the allowance will be based on the lifetime
                       ECLs.


                       When determining whether the credit risk of a financial asset has increased significantly since initial
                       recognition and when estimating ECLs, the Group considers reasonable and supportable
                       information that is relevant and available without undue cost or effort. This includes both
                       quantitative and qualitative information analysis, based on the Group’s historical experience and
                       informed credit assessment and including forward-looking information.


                       The Group assumes that the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly if it is more
                       than 30 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that
                       demonstrates otherwise.


                       The Group considers a financial asset to be credit-impaired when: (1) the borrower is unlikely to pay
                       its credit obligations to the Group in full, without recourse by the Group to actions such as realising
                       security (if any is held); or (2) the financial asset is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has
                       reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is
                       more appropriate.




94   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023




4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     4.7 Financial Instruments (continued)
           (ii)    Impairment loss on financial assets (continued)
                   Depending on the nature of the financial instruments, the assessment of a significant increase in
                   credit risk is performed on an individual basis. When the assessment is performed on a collective
                   basis, the financial instruments are grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics, such as past
                   due status and credit risk ratings.


                   The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments with a
                   corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account, except for
                   investments in debt instruments that are measured at FVOCI, for which the loss allowance is
                   recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in “Fair value reserve (recycling)”.


                   The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the debtor is in
                   severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery. Financial assets written off
                   may still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into
                   account legal advice where appropriate. Any recoveries made are recognised in profit or loss.


                   Interest income on credit-impaired financial assets is calculated based on the amortised cost (i.e. the
                   gross carrying amount less loss allowance) of the financial asset. For non credit-impaired financial
                   assets interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount.


           (iii)   Financial liabilities
                   The Group classifies its financial liabilities, depending on the purpose for which the liabilities were
                   incurred. Financial liabilities at amortised costs are initially measured at fair value, net of directly
                   attributable costs incurred.


                   Financial liabilities at amortised cost
                   Financial liabilities at amortised cost including trade payables and other payables and accruals are
                   subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method. The related interest
                   expense is recognised in profit or loss.


                   Gains or losses are recognised in profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as well as
                   through the amortisation process.


           (iv)    Derecognition
                   The Group derecognises a financial asset when the contractual rights to the future cash flows in
                   relation to the financial asset expire or when the financial asset has been transferred and the transfer
                   meets the criteria for derecognition in accordance with HKFRS 9.


                   Financial liabilities are derecognised when the obligation specified in the relevant contract is
                   discharged, cancelled or expires.




                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                 95
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
          4.8 Accounting for income tax
                Income taxes for the year comprise current tax and deferred tax.


                Current tax is based on the profit or loss from ordinary activities adjusted for items that are non-assessable
                or disallowable for income tax purposes and is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or
                substantively enacted at the end of reporting period. The amount of current tax payable or receivable is
                the best estimate of the tax amount expected to be paid or received that reflects any uncertainty related
                to income tax.


                Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets
                and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the corresponding amounts used for tax purposes.
                Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available
                against which deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates
                expected to apply in the period when the liability is settled or the asset is realised based on tax rates that
                have been enacted or substantively enacted at the end of reporting period.


                An exception to the general requirement in determining the appropriate tax rate used in measuring
                deferred tax amount is when an investment property is carried at fair value under HKAS 40 “Investment
                Property”. Unless the presumption is rebutted, the deferred tax amounts on these investment properties
                are measured using the tax rates that would apply on sale of these investment properties at their carrying
                amounts at the reporting date. The presumption is rebutted when the investment property is depreciable
                and is held within a business model whose objective is to consume substantially all of the economic
                benefits embodied in the property over time, rather than through sale.


                Income taxes are recognised in profit or loss except when they relate to items recognised in other
                comprehensive income in which case the taxes are also recognised in other comprehensive income or
                when they relate to items recognised directly in equity in which case the taxes are also recognised directly
                in equity.


          4.9 Government grants
                Government grants are recognised when there is reasonable assurance that they will be received and that
                the Group will comply with the conditions attaching to them. Grants that compensate the Group for
                expenses incurred are recognised as revenue in profit or loss on a systematic basis in the same periods in
                which the expenses are incurred. Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognised in
                profit or loss over the period necessary to match them with the costs that they are intended to
                compensate.


                Government grants that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred or for the
                purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are recognised in
                profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable and are recognised as other income and
                gains, net, rather than reducing the related expense.




96   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023




4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     4.10 Foreign currency
           Transactions entered into by the Group entities in currencies other than the currency of the primary
           economic environment in which they operate (the “functional currency”) are recorded at the rates ruling
           when the transactions occur. Foreign currency monetary assets and liabilities are translated at the rates
           ruling at the end of the reporting period. Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated
           in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing on the date when the fair value was
           determined. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are
           not retranslated.


           Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the translation of monetary
           items, are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise. Exchange differences arising on
           the retranslation of non-monetary items carried at fair value are included in profit or loss for the period
           except for differences arising on the retranslation of non-monetary items in respect of which gains and
           losses are recognised in other comprehensive income, in which case, the exchange differences are also
           recognised in other comprehensive income.


     4.11 Employee benefits
           (a)   Short term employee benefits
                 Short term employee benefits are employee benefits (other than termination benefits) that are
                 expected to be settled wholly before twelve months after the end of the annual reporting period in
                 which the employees render the related service. Short term employee benefits are recognised in the
                 year when the employees render the related service.


           (b)   Defined contribution retirement plan
                 Salaries, annual bonuses, paid annual leave, contributions to defined contribution retirement plans
                 and the cost of non-monetary benefits are accrued in the year in which the associated services are
                 rendered by employees. Where payment or settlement is deferred and the effect would be material,
                 these amounts are stated at their present values.


                 The Group operates the Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (the “MPF Scheme”) under the
                 Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for those employees who are eligible to participate
                 in the MPF Scheme. The MPF Scheme is a defined contribution retirement benefit plan and
                 contributions to the scheme are made based on a percentage of the employees’ relevant income.


                 The employees of the Company’s subsidiaries which operate in the PRC are required to participate
                 in a central pension scheme operated by the local municipal government. The subsidiaries are
                 required to contribute certain percentage of their payroll costs to the central pension scheme.


           (c)   Termination benefits
                 Termination benefits are recognised on the earlier of when the Group can no longer withdraw the
                 offer of those benefits and when the Group recognises restructuring costs involving the payment of
                 termination benefits.



                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                97
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     4. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
          4.12 Impairment of non-financial assets
                At the end of each reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of property, plant and
                equipment and investment in an associate to determine whether there is any indication that those assets
                have suffered an impairment loss or an impairment loss previously recognised no longer exists or may
                have decreased.


                If the recoverable amount (i.e. the greater of the fair value less costs to disposal and value in use) of an
                asset is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset is reduced to its
                recoverable amount. An impairment loss is recognised as an expense immediately.


                Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset is increased to the
                revised estimate of its recoverable amount, to the extent that the increased carrying amount does not
                exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised
                for the asset in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised as income immediately.


          4.13 Research and development expenses
                Research expenditure is recognised as an expense as incurred.


                Costs incurred on development projects are capitalised as intangible assets when recognition criteria are
                fulfilled and tests for impairment are performed annually. Other development expenditures that do not
                meet those criteria are recognised as expenses as incurred. Development costs previously recognised as
                expenses are not recognised as assets in subsequent periods.


          4.14 Cash and cash equivalents
                Cash and cash equivalents include cash at bank and in hand, and short-term highly liquid investments with
                original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible into know amounts of cash which are
                subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.


          4.15 Provisions and contingent liabilities
                Provisions are recognised for liabilities of uncertainty timing or amount when the Group has a legal or
                constructive obligation arising as a result of a past event, which will probably result in an outflow of economic
                benefits that can be reasonably estimated.


                Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be
                estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosure as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of
                economic benefits is remote. Possible obligations, the existence of which will only be confirmed by the
                occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more future events, are also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless
                the probabilities of outflow of economic benefits is remote.




98   OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023




5. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS
     In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, the directors of the Company are required to make
     judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily
     apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and
     other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results differ from these estimates.


     The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates
     are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the
     period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.


     (a) Impairment of financial assets
           The Group’s management assesses the credit risk of financial assets on a regular basis to determine if any
           provision for impairment is necessary. The implementation of HKFRS 9 resulted in a change to the
           assessment of the critical accounting estimates and judgements related to impairment of financial
           instruments. In determining ECLs, management is required to exercise judgement in defining what is
           considered to be a significant increase in credit risk and in making assumptions and estimates to
           incorporate relevant information about past events, current conditions and forecasts of economic
           conditions. The information about the ECLs and the Group’s trade receivables and other financial assets
           at amortised cost are disclosed in note 35(c) to the consolidated financial statements.


     (b) Estimated useful lives of property, plant and equipment
           In determining the useful lives of property, plant and equipment, the Group has to consider various
           factors, such as expected usage of the asset, expected physical wear and tear, the care and maintenance
           of the asset, and legal or similar limits on the use of the asset. The estimation of the useful life of the asset
           is made based on the experience of the Group with similar assets that are used in a similar way.
           Depreciation charge is revised if the estimated useful lives of items of property, plant and equipment are
           different from the previous estimation. Estimated useful lives are reviewed, at the end of each of the
           reporting period, based on changes in circumstances. The carrying amount of property, plant and
           equipment is disclosed in note 14.




                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                    99
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2023




       5. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS (continued)
            (c)   Fair values of investment properties
                  Investment properties are stated at fair value based on the valuation with the existence of independent
                  professional valuer. In determining the fair value, the valuer have based on a method of valuation which
                  involves certain estimates of market condition. The valuation of the Group’s investment properties are
                  dependent on certain key assumptions and estimations that require significant management judgement.
                  Changes to these assumptions would result in changes in the fair values of the Group’s investment
                  properties and the corresponding adjustments to the amount of gain or loss reported in the consolidated
                  statement of comprehensive income.


            (d) Income taxes
                  The Group is subject to income taxes in the PRC. Significant judgement is required in determining the
                  provision for income taxes. There are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax
                  determination is uncertain during the ordinary course of business. Where the final tax outcome of these
                  matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will impact the income
                  tax provision in the year in which such determination is made.


            (e) Judgements on the cost and completion date of construction-in-progress
                  The construction of terminal facilities involves various points in time and different parts of the construction
                  projects. The Group transfers the construction-in-progress to relevant categories of property, plant and
                  equipment in batches upon the completion of respective parts of the terminal facilities. The cost of
                  terminal facilities may not be paid in full when the construction is completed and ready for its intended
                  use. The Group estimates the completion progress, time to reach its intended use and the cost of the
                  construction-in-progress to be transferred to property, plant and equipment where necessary. If the
                  estimation differs significantly from the final settlement of the completed construction projects, the
                  difference will impact the cost of property, plant and equipment and the depreciation charge.


            (f)   Government grants
                  Government grants should be recognised in the profit or loss to match them with the expenditure towards
                  which they are intended to compensate. Management will recognise the grants as grants to asset or
                  income according to terms. Sometimes there will be some conditions attached to the grants,
                  management will carefully assess whether the Group will comply with the conditions and grants will be
                  only recognised when the Group is certain to comply with the conditions even if the grants has already
                  been received.




100 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023




5. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS (continued)
     (g) Lease
           As explained in note 4.5, the lease liability is initially recognised at the present value of the lease payments
           payable over the lease term. In determining the lease term at the commencement date for leases that
           include renewal options exercisable by the Group, the Group evaluates the likelihood of exercising the
           renewal options by assessing the reasonable certainty on all relevant facts and circumstances that create
           an economic incentive for the Group to exercise the option, including favourable terms, leasehold
           improvements undertaken and the importance of that underlying asset to the Group’s operation. The
           lease term is reassessed if the Group becomes obliged to exercise (or not exercise) it. The assessment of
           reasonable certainty is only revised if a significant change in circumstances occurs, which affects this
           assessment, and that is within the control of the Group. During the current financial year, the Group is
           reasonably certain not to exercise the renewal options of which the periods covered are already included
           in the lease term.


     (h) Fair value measurement and valuation processes
           A number of assets and liabilities included in the Group’s consolidated financial statements require
           measurement at, and/or disclosure of, fair value.


           The fair value measurement of the Group’s financial and non-financial assets and liabilities utilises market
           observable inputs and data as far as possible. Inputs used in determining fair value measurements are
           categorised into different levels based on how observable the inputs used in the valuation technique
           utilised are (the “fair value hierarchy”):


           •     Level 1: Quoted prices in active markets for identical items (unadjusted);


           •     Level 2: Observable direct or indirect inputs other than Level 1 inputs;


           •     Level 3: Unobservable inputs (i.e. not derived from market data).


           The classification of an item into the above levels is based on the lowest level of the inputs used that has a
           significant effect on the fair value measurement of the item. Transfers of items between levels are
           recognised in the period they occur.




                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                   101
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2023




       5. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS (continued)
            (h) Fair value measurement and valuation processes (continued)
                  Some of the Group’s assets and liabilities are measured at fair value for financial reporting purposes. The
                  directors of the Company are responsible for determining the appropriate valuation techniques and
                  inputs for fair value measurements. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group uses
                  market-observable data to the extent it is available. Where Level 1 inputs are not available, the Group
                  engages third party qualified valuers to perform the valuation. The directors of the Company work closely
                  with the independent qualified professional valuers to establish the appropriate valuation techniques and
                  inputs to the model. The directors of the Company regularly assess the impact and the cause of
                  fluctuations in the fair value of the assets and liabilities. The Group uses valuation techniques that include
                  inputs that are not based on observable market data to estimate the fair value of certain types of financial
                  instruments and investment properties.


                  The Group measures investment properties (note 15), equity investment at FVOCI (note 16) and debt
                  instruments at FVOCI (note 19) at fair value.


                  The fair value of unlisted equity investment that is not traded in an active market is determined by using
                  valuation technique. The Group uses its judgement with the aid of an independent valuer, to select a
                  variety of methods and make assumptions that are based on market condition and other circumstances,
                  this might involve developing estimates and assumptions consistent with how market participants would
                  price the instrument. Estimated fair values may vary from the actual prices that would be achieved in an
                  arm’s length transaction at the reporting date. Details of the valuation assumption and its carrying amount
                  are set out in note 16.


                  For more detailed information in relation to the fair value measurement of the item above, please refer to
                  the applicable notes.


            (i)   Deferred taxation on investment properties
                  For the purposes of measuring deferred tax liabilities or deferred tax assets arising from investment
                  properties that are using the fair value model, the directors of the Company have reviewed the Group’s
                  investment property portfolios situated in the PRC are held under a business model whose objective is to
                  consume substantially all of the economic benefits embodied in the investment properties over time
                  rather than through sale. As a result, the presumption that the carrying amount of the Group’s investment
                  properties in the PRC is to recover through sale rather than through use has been rebutted and deferred
                  tax on the changes in fair value is recognised according to the relevant tax rules.




102 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023




6. SEGMENT INFORMATION
     (a) Operating segment information
           The Group identifies its operating segments and prepares segment information based on the regular
           internal financial information reported to the Company’s executive directors, who are the chief operating
           decision makers of the Group, for their decisions about resources allocation to the Group’s business
           components and review of these components’ performance. There is only one business component in the
           internal reporting to the Company’s executive directors, which is the provision of port services.
           Accordingly, no segment information analysed by operating segment is presented in the consolidated
           financial statements.


     (b) Geographical information
           The geographical location of revenue allocated is based on the location at which services are provided.
           The Group renders port services in the PRC and all its revenue for the years ended 31 December 2023 and
           2022 were derived in the PRC. The geographical location of the Group’s non-current assets is based on
           the physical location of the assets. The Group’s non-current assets are located or based in the PRC.


     (c)   Information about major customers
           Revenue attributed from customers that accounted for 10% or more of the Group’s total revenue during
           the year is as follows:


                                                                                             2023                 2022
                                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000


           Customer A                                                                      24,456             21,012




                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                103
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2023




       6. SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
            (d) Disaggregation of revenue

                                                                                 2023      2022
                                                                              RMB’000   RMB’000


                  Revenue from contracts with customers within the scope of
                    HKFRS 15
                  Provision of uploading and unloading handling services
                  — Bulk cargo and Break bulk cargo                           145,839   162,431
                  — Containers                                                  3,516     2,204


                                                                              149,355   164,635


                  Provision of ancillary port services                         24,228    22,742


                                                                              173,583   187,377


                  Timing of revenue recognition
                  At a point in time                                          169,373   183,955
                  Transferred over time                                         4,210     3,422


                                                                              173,583   187,377




104 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023




7. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS, NET
     (a)   Revenue represents the income from provision of port services excluding value-added tax, where
           applicable.


           Revenue recognised during the year is as follows:


                                                                                                               2023       2022
                                                                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000


           Port service income                                                                            173,583      187,377


           The Group has applied the practical expedient to its port service contracts and therefore it does not
           disclose about revenue that the Group will be entitled to when it satisfies the remaining performance
           obligations under the contracts for provision of port services that have an original expected duration of
           one year or less and that are unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied as of the end of the reporting periods.


     (b)   An analysis of the Group’s other income and gains, net during the year is as follows:


                                                                                                               2023       2022
                                                                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000


           Bank interest income                                                                                6,103     4,788
           Rental income from investment properties                                                            4,214     4,022
           Government grants
           — relating to investment properties and right-of-use assets (note 29)                                890        890
           — other rewards#                                                                                    1,060     1,540
           Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                    179         16
           Exchange gain, net                                                                                   566         43
           Others                                                                                               588      1,093


                                                                                                              13,600    12,392

           #
                 Government grants of other rewards represent unconditional cash subsidies from government.




                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                 105
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2023




       8. FINANCE COSTS

                                                                                                                   2023                 2022
                                                                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000


            Interest on lease liabilities                                                                             14                   41


       9. PROFIT BEFORE INCOME TAX
            Profit before income tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):


                                                                                                                   2023                 2022
                                                                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000


            Auditor’s remuneration                                                                                  730                   663
            Costs of inventories recognised as an expense
              (included under cost of services rendered)                                                          3,110                 5,067


            Employee benefit expenses (note) (including directors’ emoluments
              (note 10))
              — Wages, salaries and other benefits                                                               21,098               18,914
              — Discretionary bonuses                                                                             7,950                 7,605
              — Defined contributions                                                                             3,628                 3,453
                                                                                                                 32,676               29,972


            Direct operating expenses arising from investment properties that
              generated rental income                                                                               218                   364
            Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                        23,360               23,403
            Repairs and maintenance expenses
              (included under cost of services rendered)                                                          2,007               10,804
            Subcontracting fee (included under cost of services rendered)                                        11,298               12,513
            Short-term lease                                                                                          23                  258
            Amortisation of deferred government grant                                                               (890)                (890)
            Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                       (179)                 (16)

            Note:

            During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group incurred expenses for the purpose of research and development of approximately
            RMB8,678,000 (2022: RMB3,770,000), which comprised employee benefits expenses of approximately RMB4,235,000 (2022: RMB3,142,000) and
            were included in administrative expenses on the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.




106 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023




10. DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
     (a) Directors’ remuneration
           The emolument of each of the directors for the year is set out below:

                                                                 Salaries,
                                                              allowances
                                                             and benefits Discretionary     Defined
                                                      Fees        in kind      bonuses contributions     Total
                                                   RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000

           Year ended 31 December 2023
           Executive directors:
           Mr. Kwai                                    303             –             –             –       303
           Mr. Huang Xueliang (“Mr. Huang”)            240           640             –             –       880


                                                       543           640             –             –     1,183


           Non-executive director:
           Ms. Cheung                                  217              –            –             –       217


           Independent non-executive directors:
           Mr. Nie Rui                                 162              –            –             –       162
           Dr. Li Weidong                              162              –            –             –       162
           Mr. Cheung Sze Ming                         162              –            –             –       162


                                                       486              –            –             –       486


           Year ended 31 December 2022
           Executive directors:
           Mr. Kwai                                    289              –            –            –        289
           Mr. Huang                                   240            640            –           65        945


                                                       529            640            –           65      1,234


           Non-executive director:
           Ms. Cheung                                  206              –            –             –       206


           Independent non-executive directors:
           Mr. Nie Rui                                 155              –            –             –       155
           Dr. Li Weidong                              155              –            –             –       155
           Mr. Cheung Sze Ming                         155              –            –             –       155


                                                       465              –            –             –       465




                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED       107
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2023




       10. DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
           (continued)
            (b) Five highest paid individuals
                  The five highest paid individuals of the Group included one director (2022: one director) during the year,
                  whose emoluments are reflected in note (a).


                  The analysis of the emolument of the four (2022: four) highest paid non-director individuals during the
                  year, are set out below:


                                                                                                      2023           2022
                                                                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000


                  Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                          1,116           1,067
                  Discretionary bonuses                                                                472             466
                  Pension scheme contributions                                                         174             119


                                                                                                     1,762           1,652


                  The emolument paid or payables to each of the above non-director individuals during the year fell within
                  the following band:


                                                                                                      2023           2022
                                                                                               Number of       Number of
                                                                                                individuals    individuals


                  Nil to HK$1,000,000                                                                     4              4


                  During the year, no director or any of the highest paid individuals waived or agreed to waive any
                  emoluments (2022: Nil). No emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors or any of the highest
                  paid individuals of the Group as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for
                  loss of office as a director of any member of the Group or of any other office in connection with the
                  management of the affairs of any member of the Group (2022: Nil).


                  The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were mainly for their services in connection with the
                  management of the affairs of the Company and the Group. The non-executive directors’ emoluments
                  shown above were mainly for their services as directors of the Company or its subsidiaries. The
                  independent non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were mainly for their services as directors
                  of the Company.


            (c)   Pensions — defined contribution plans
                  No forfeited contribution is available to reduce the contribution payable in future year.




108 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023




11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE
     (a) Income tax
           The amount of taxation in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income during the year
           represents:


                                                                                              2023              2022
                                                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000


           Current tax expenses
           — PRC enterprise income tax                                                      16,858            22,030
           — Over-provision in respective of prior years                                      (561)                 –
           Deferred tax expense/(income) (Note (b))                                            729             (1,796)


                                                                                            17,026            20,234


           No provision for Hong Kong profits tax has been made as the Group has no estimated assessable profits
           arising in or derived from Hong Kong for the year (2022: nil).


           The Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC are subject to the PRC enterprise income tax (“EIT”) at the standard
           rate of 25% on the estimated assessable profits, except for the following subsidiaries which enjoyed
           certain tax exemption and relief.


           Pursuant to the PRC tax law, its rules and regulations, enterprises that invest in qualifying public
           infrastructure projects are eligible for certain tax benefits.


           One of the infrastructure projects (the “Qualifying Project”) of Chizhou Port Ocean Line Holdings Limited
           (“Chizhou Port Holdings”), a subsidiary of the Company, is engaging in qualifying public infrastructures. It
           is entitled to a 50% reduction from the financial year beginning on 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2024.
           Therefore, the relevant profit generated from the Qualifying Project is computed at a reduced rate of 50%
           as taxable amount for the year ended 31 December 2022 and 2023. Apart from the Qualifying Project,
           Chizhou Port Holdings has been recognised as a high and new technology enterprise under the
           applicable PRC tax law. Other infrastructure projects of Chizhou Port Holdings is subject to a reduced rate
           of 15% EIT for three consecutive financial years from 2022 to 2024.




                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED               109
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2023




       11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (continued)
            (a) Income tax (continued)
                  Chizhou Ocean Line Niutoushan Limited (“Chizhou Niutoushan”), a subsidiary of the Company, has been
                  recognised as a high and new technology enterprise under the applicable PRC tax law. Chizhou
                  Niutoushan is subject to a reduced rate of 15% EIT for three consecutive financial years from 2023 to 2025.


                  Chizhou Port Ocean Line Logistic Company Limited (“Chizhou Logistic”), a subsidiary of the Company,
                  has met the criteria of a small low-profit enterprise under the applicable PRC tax law. As the annual
                  taxable income of Chizhou Logistic does not exceed RMB1 million, the relevant EIT is computed at a
                  reduced rate of 12.5% as taxable income amount and subject to EIT at 20%.


                  Withholding tax is calculated at 10% of the dividends declared in respect of profits earned by PRC entities
                  distribute to a non-PRC holding company, except for the following non-PRC subsidiary of the Group
                  which enjoyed certain tax reduction.


                  Pursuant to the double tax arrangement between the PRC and Hong Kong effective on 1 January 2007, a
                  qualified Hong Kong Tax resident will be liable for withholding income at the rate of 5% (“Tax Reduction”)
                  for dividend income derived from the PRC in the case where the holding company is a Hong Kong
                  resident enterprise holding 25% or more equity interests in such PRC resident enterprise pursuant to the
                  Arrangement between Mainland China and Hong Kong for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the
                  Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with Respect to Taxes on Income. Ocean Line Port Development (Hong Kong)
                  Limited (“Ocean Line Hong Kong”) and Ocean Line Group (Chizhou) Port Development Inc. (“Ocean Line
                  Chizhou”), subsidiaries of the Company, are entitled to the Tax Reduction, hence the applicable
                  withholding tax rate for Ocean Line Hong Kong and Ocean Line Chizhou were 5% for the years ended 31
                  December 2023 and 2022.


                  The income tax expense for the year can be reconciled to the profit before income tax per the
                  consolidated statement of comprehensive income as follows:


                                                                                                    2023              2022
                                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000


                  Profit before income tax                                                        98,109           107,687


                  Taxation calculated at PRC EIT rate of 25%                                      24,527             26,922
                  Non-taxable income                                                                 (632)             (948)
                  Expenses not deductible for tax                                                  1,990              3,485
                  Tax effect of preferential tax rates for subsidiaries                            (8,682)           (6,989)
                  Withholding tax on dividend                                                        384             (2,236)
                  Over-provision in respect of prior years                                           (561)                –


                  Income tax expense                                                              17,026             20,234



110 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023




11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (continued)
     (b) Deferred tax
           Details of the deferred tax assets and liabilities recognised and movements in the year:


                                                                Fair value        Interests Withholding
                                                  Deferred    adjustment        capitalised        tax on
                                                government of investment      as qualifying undistributed
                                                      grant    properties            assets    dividends        Total
                                                   RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000

           As at 1 January 2022                       4,535         (5,182)           (160)         (5,535)     (6,342)


           (Charged)/credit to profit or loss          (116)          (324)              –           2,236       1,796


           As at 31 December 2022 and
             1 January 2023                           4,419         (5,506)          (160)          (3,299)     (4,546)


           Charged to profit or loss                   (116)          (229)              –           (384)        (729)


           As at 31 December 2023                     4,303         (5,735)          (160)          (3,683)     (5,275)


           As at 31 December 2023, the Group recognised deferred tax liabilities of approximately RMB3,683,000
           (2022: RMB3,299,000), for withholding tax that would be payable on the retained profits of the Company’s
           subsidiaries established in the PRC. There are no income tax consequences attaching to the payment of
           dividends by the Company to its shareholders.


           For the purpose of presentation in consolidated statement of financial position, certain deferred tax assets
           and liabilities have been offset. The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial
           reporting purposes:


                                                                                                 2023            2022
                                                                                              RMB’000         RMB’000


           Deferred tax liabilities                                                             (5,275)         (4,546)




                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                 111
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2023




       12. DIVIDENDS
            During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Board has proposed a final dividend of HK3.0 cents per share
            and a special dividend of HK3.0 cents per share in an aggregate amount of HK$48,000,000 (appropriately
            RMB43,813,000) for the year ended 31 December 2022 out of the share premium account within the equity
            section of the statement of financial position of the Company. The proposed final dividend and the proposed
            special final dividend were approved by the shareholders of the Company on 24 May 2023, and were paid on 21
            June 2023.


            No dividend has been paid or declared by the Company during the year ended 31 December 2022.


            The Board does not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year.


       13. EARNINGS PER SHARE

                                                                                                   2023          2022
                                                                                             RMB’000         RMB’000


            Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company                          59,140          64,092


                                                                                                   2023          2022


            Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue                          800,000,000      800,000,000


            Diluted earnings per share is the same as the basic earnings per share because the Company has no dilutive
            potential ordinary shares in issue during the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022.




112 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023




14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                                                          Furniture
                                     Terminal               Port machinery                   Motor       and office        Leasehold    Construction-    Right-of-use
                                     facilities   Buildings and equipment       Vessels     vehicles    equipment      improvements       in-progress          assets      Total
                                     RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                                                                                                                               (note)

     At 1 January 2022
       Cost                           396,874       17,594         110,585       14,026        5,630          3,196            4,142            2,232          76,202     630,481
       Accumulated depreciation      (112,383)      (5,276)         (61,751)     (4,012)      (3,114)        (2,500)          (1,457)               –         (13,619)   (204,112)

       Net carrying amount            284,491       12,318          48,834       10,014       2,516            696             2,685            2,232         62,583      426,369


     Year ended 31 December 2022
       Opening net carrying amount    284,491       12,318          48,834       10,014       2,516            696             2,685            2,232         62,583      426,369
       Additions                           336           –           7,550            –          87            775                 –            5,623              –       14,371
       Transfers in/(from)                  89           –               –            –           –              –                 –              (89)             –            –
       Disposals                             –           –               –            –        (549)             –                 –                –              –         (549)
       Depreciation                    (14,872)       (481)         (4,782)        (357)       (470)          (316)             (158)               –         (1,967)     (23,403)
       Eliminated on disposals               –           –               –            –         521              –                 –                –              –          521
       Exchange realignment                  –           –               –            –           –              –                 –                –             64           64

       Closing net carrying amount    270,044       11,837          51,602        9,657       2,105          1,155             2,527            7,766         60,680      417,373


     At 31 December 2022 and
       1 January 2023
       Cost                           397,299       17,594         118,135       14,026        5,168          3,971            4,142            7,766          76,202     644,303
       Accumulated depreciation      (127,255)      (5,757)        (66,533)      (4,369)      (3,063)        (2,816)          (1,615)               –         (15,522)   (226,930)

       Net carrying amount            270,044       11,837          51,602        9,657       2,105          1,155             2,527            7,766         60,680      417,373


     Year ended 31 December 2023
       Opening net carrying amount   270,044        11,837          51,602       9,657        2,105          1,155            2,527            7,766          60,680     417,373
       Additions                          265            –               87          –          446            134                –            4,113                –       5,045
       Lease modification                   –            –                –          –            –              –                –                –            1,591       1,591
       Disposals                            –            –           (2,338)         –         (938)             –                –                –                –      (3,276)
       Depreciation                   (14,022)        (575)          (5,226)      (552)        (483)          (339)            (196)               –           (1,967)    (23,360)
       Eliminated on disposals              –            –            2,063          –          891              –                –                –                –       2,954
       Exchange realignment                 –            –                –          –            –              –                –                –              (20)         (20)

       Closing net carrying amount   256,287        11,262          46,188       9,105        2,021            950            2,331           11,879          60,284     400,307


     At 31 December 2023
       Cost                           397,564       17,594         115,884      14,026        4,676          4,105             4,142          11,879          77,793      647,663
       Accumulated depreciation      (141,277)      (6,332)         (69,696)     (4,921)     (2,655)        (3,155)           (1,811)              –         (17,509)    (247,356)

       Net carrying amount           256,287        11,262          46,188       9,105        2,021            950            2,331           11,879          60,284     400,307




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                                                        113
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2023




       14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued)
            Note:

            Right-of-use assets

                                                                                               Office properties          Leasehold land             Total
              Total                                                                                    RMB’000                 RMB’000             RMB’000


              As at 1 January 2022                                                                            868                  61,715           62,583

              Depreciation                                                                                   (456)                  (1,511)          (1,967)
              Exchange realignment                                                                             64                        –               64


              As at 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023                                                       476                  60,204           60,680

              Lease modification                                                                            1,591                       –             1,591
              Depreciation                                                                                   (456)                 (1,511)           (1,967)
              Exchange realignment                                                                            (20)                      –                (20)


              As at 31 December 2023                                                                        1,591                  58,693           60,284


            The Group leases office properties and holds land use rights for use of land for port operation. Lease terms for office properties are negotiated
            on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other
            than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by the lessor. The leasehold land under right-of-use assets represents land use
            rights in the PRC whereby prepayments were made by the Group for the use of land in the PRC which are held on leases with lease terms
            between 40 and 50 years.

            As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s property, plant and equipment with net carrying amount of approximately RMB137,536,000 (2022:
            RMB142,671,000) were pledged to secure banking facilities as set out in note 27.

            Details of the maturity analysis of lease liabilities and total cash outflow for leases are set out in notes 25 and 34 respectively.




114 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023




15. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

                                                                                          Under
                                                                   Completed        construction             Total
                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000


     Fair value
     At 1 January 2022                                                  67,790             5,730            73,520
     Additions                                                             394               306               700
     Transfer                                                            6,243             (6,243)               –
     Changes in fair value                                                 573               207               780


     At 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023                             75,000                  –          75,000
     Additions                                                             946            13,932           14,878
     Transfer                                                           13,932           (13,932)                –
     Changes in fair value                                                 822                  –             822


     At 31 December 2023                                                90,700                  –          90,700


     The fair value of the Group’s investment properties, which are warehouses for port operation including the land
     use rights for the land upon which the warehouses are situated, at 31 December 2023 and 2022 have been
     arrived at based on market value basis carried out by Kroll (HK) Limited (2022: Kroll (HK) Limited), an
     independent valuer who holds a recognised and relevant professional qualification and has recent experience
     in the location and category of the investment property being valued. The land use rights are held on leases
     with lease terms between 40 and 50 years.




                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED              115
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2023




       15. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (continued)
            Information about level 3 fair value measurements:

                                           Valuation                                                                                             Relationship of
                                           techniques          Unobservable input                                                    Ranges      unobservable input(s) to fair value


            Land in the PRC                Direct comparison   Adjustment rate to unit sales taking into account of             10% to 15%       The higher adjustment rate, the higher the
                                             method              individual factors such as location, usage and size     (2022: 10% to 20%)        fair value measurement, and vice versa.
                                                                 etc.


            Buildings (completed) in the   Direct comparison   Adjustment rate to unit sales taking into account of              40% to 25%      The higher adjustment rate, the higher the
              PRC                            method              individual factors such as transaction status,        (2022: (28%) to (22%))      fair value measurement, and vice versa.
                                                                 location, property condition, economic
                                                                 environment, usage, size and time etc.


            The valuations of investment properties were determined based on direct comparison method, by reference to
            recent market transaction prices of comparable properties and land in the similar locations with adjustments for
            other individual factors. The construction cost incurred and estimated construction cost to complete the
            development as at the date of valuation are also taken into account.


            As at the date of the issuance of these consolidated financial statements, the Group are in the process of
            applying for the title certificates of certain of their buildings with an aggregate net carrying amount of
            RMB22,000,000 as at 31 December 2023. The directors of the Company are of the opinion that the aforesaid
            matters will not have any significant impact on the Group’s financial position.


            There were no changes to the valuation techniques during the year.


            A reconciliation of the opening and closing fair value balance of the Group’s investment properties is provided
            below.


                                                                                                                                                     2023                         2022
                                                                                                                                                RMB’000                     RMB’000


            Opening balance (level 3 recurring fair value)                                                                                        75,000                        73,520
            Additions                                                                                                                             14,878                               700
            Gains on change in fair value included in profit or loss                                                                                   822                             780


            Closing balance (level 3 recurring fair value)                                                                                        90,700                        75,000


            Change in fair value (unrealised gains) for the year included in profit or loss                                                            822                             780




116 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023




15. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (continued)
     There were no transfers between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 valuation during the year.


     As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s investment properties of approximately RMB15,200,000 (2022:
     RMB15,400,000) were pledged to banking facilities as set out in note 27.


16. EQUITY INVESTMENT AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER
    COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

                                                                                               2023               2022
                                                                                          RMB’000          RMB’000


     Non-current assets
     Unlisted equity investment                                                            17,377             17,838


     The equity investments were irrevocably designated at FVOCI as the Group considers the investments to be
     long-term strategic capital investment in nature. Changes in fair value of the above equity investments are
     recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated within the fair value reserve within equity. The
     Group transfers amounts from fair value reserve (non-recycling) to retained earnings when the relevant equity
     investment is derecognised.


     Particulars of material investment in unlisted equity securities held by the Group as at 31 December 2023 and
     2022 are as follows:


                                            Place of          Percentage of effective
       Name of investee company             incorporation          interest held                 Carrying value
                                                                   2023            2022           2023            2022
                                                                                               RMB’000     RMB’000


       Chizhou Wusha Port                   The PRC                7.2%            7.2%         16,890        17,838
         Transportation Company Limited
         (“Chizhou Wusha”)




                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                 117
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2023




       16. EQUITY INVESTMENT AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER
           COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (continued)
            The fair value of the Group’s material equity investment at 31 December 2023 and 2022 has been arrived at
            based on market approach and asset approach, respectively carried out by Peak Vision Appraisals Limited, an
            independent valuer who holds a recognised and relevant professional qualification. Under the asset approach,
            the share of the net asset value has been used to capture the present value of the expected future economic
            benefits to be derived from the ownership of the equity investment. In applying market approach, the Group
            has selected comparable discount rate in the same or a similar industry and applying an appropriate ratio that
            is a relevant performance measure for its investments.


            The level in the fair value hierarchy within which the financial asset is categorised in its entirety is based on the
            lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.


                                                                                                                                          2023                            2022
                                                                                                                                        Level 3                         Level 3
                                                                                                                                       RMB’000                         RMB’000


            Unlisted equity investment                                                                                                     17,377                          17,838


            Particular material information about level 3 fair value measurements:

                                                                                   Unobservable                                       Relationship of
                            Investment                   Valuation techniques      input                                    Range     unobservable inputs to fair value


            Chizhou Wusha   Unlisted equity investment   Market approach           Discount for lack of          5.2% (2022: 11.4%)   The discount rate is negatively correlated to the
                              in the PRC                  (2022: Asset approach)     control and discount         15.7% (2022: N/A)     fair value measurement of the unlisted equity
                                                                                     for lack of marketability                          investment. A slight increase in the discount for
                                                                                                                                        lack of control and lack of marketability would
                                                                                                                                        result in a slight decrease in fair value
                                                                                                                                        measurement of the equity investment, and
                                                                                                                                        vice versa.


            During the year, the valuation technique for the investment in Chizhou Wusha is changed from using assets
            approach to market approach since there are reasonably available information of market comparable with
            similar nature of business to the investment at the measurement date and asset approach is unable to reflect
            the current situation of Chizhou Wusha.




118 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023




16. EQUITY INVESTMENT AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER
    COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (continued)
     A reconciliation of the opening and closing fair value balance of the Group’s equity investment at fair value
     through other comprehensive income is provided below.


                                                                                                                2023                  2022
                                                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000


     Opening balance (level 3 recurring fair value)                                                          17,838                  4,568
     Addition (note)                                                                                             500                15,000
     Change in fair value included in other comprehensive income                                                 (961)               (1,730)


     Closing balance (level 3 recurring fair value)                                                          17,377                 17,838

     Note:

     During the year ended 31 December 2022, a cash injection of RMB15,000,000 was further made by the Group into the capital of Chizhou Wusha
     in proportionate to the equity interest held of Chizhou Wusha.



     There were no transfers between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 valuation during the year.


17. INVENTORIES

                                                                                                                2023                  2022
                                                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000


     Consumables                                                                                               2,638                 2,062




                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                               119
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2023




       18. TRADE RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                   2023             2022
                                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000


            Trade receivables                                                                     4,564             6,163
            Less: Provision for impairment                                                             –           (1,006)


            Trade receivables, net                                                                4,564             5,157


            The credit period for trade receivables is generally ranging from 10 to 55 days. The directors of the Company
            consider that the fair value of the trade receivables which are expected to be recovered within one year is not
            materially different from their carrying amounts because the balance has short maturity periods on their
            inception.


            Based on invoice dates, ageing analysis of the Group’s trade receivables, net of impairment provision, is as
            follows:


                                                                                                   2023             2022
                                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000


            0 to 30 days                                                                          4,564             5,128
            31 to 90 days                                                                              –                –
            91 to 120 days                                                                             –               29
            121 to 365 days                                                                            –                –
            Over 1 year                                                                                –                –


                                                                                                  4,564             5,157


            The below table reconciled the provision of impairment loss on trade receivables during the year:


                                                                                                   2023             2022
                                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000


            Balance at 1 January                                                                  1,006             1,006
            Written off                                                                          (1,006)                –
            Expected credit losses recognised during the year                                          –                –


            Balance at 31 December                                                                     –            1,006




120 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023




19. DEBT INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER
    COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

                                                                                                          2023                    2022
                                                                                                   RMB’000                    RMB’000


     Current assets
     Bills receivables                                                                                    4,624                   1,185


     As at 31 December 2023, the maturity period for bills receivables is ranging from 3 to 6 months.


     The level in the fair value hierarchy within which the financial asset is categorised in its entirety is based on the
     lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.


                                                                                                          2023                    2022
                                                                                                     Level 3                   Level 3
                                                                                                   RMB’000                    RMB’000


     Bills receivables                                                                                    4,624                   1,185


     Information about level 3 fair value measurements:


                                                                                                           Relationship of
                               Valuation                                                                   unobservable
                               techniques                        Unobservable input             Range      inputs to fair value


     Bills receivables         Income approach — in this         Discount rate         2023: 2.9%–3.1%     The discount rate is
                                 approach, the discounted cash                        (2022: 2.4%–2.5%)      negatively correlated to
                                 flow method was used to                                                     the fair value
                                 capture the present value of                                                measurement of bills
                                 the cash flows to be derived                                                receivables.
                                 from the receivables




                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                          121
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2023




       19. DEBT INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER
           COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (continued)
            There were no changes to the valuation techniques during the year.


            A reconciliation of the opening and closing fair value balance of the Group’s debt instruments at fair value
            through other comprehensive income is provided below.


                                                                                                      2023             2022
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


            Opening balance (level 3 recurring fair value)                                            1,185                –
            Additions                                                                              16,903            10,840
            Disposals                                                                             (13,464)            (9,655)


            Closing balance (level 3 recurring fair value)                                            4,624            1,185


            There were no transfers between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 valuation during the year.


            As at 31 December 2023, the Group discounted certain bank acceptance bills to banks for cash proceeds and
            endorsed certain bank acceptance bills to suppliers on a full recourse basis for settling trade payables of the
            same amount. The Group has derecognised these bills receivable and the payables to suppliers in their entirety.
            These derecognised bank acceptance bills had a maturity date less than six months from the end of the
            reporting period. In accordance with the Law of Negotiable Instruments in the PRC, the holders of the
            Derecognised Bills have a right of recourse against the Group if the PRC banks default (the “Continuing
            Involvement”). In the opinion of the directors, the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards
            of ownership of these bills to its suppliers, and the Group has limited exposure in respect of the settlement
            obligation of these bills receivable under the relevant PRC rules and regulations should the issuing banks fail to
            settle the bills on maturity date. The Group considered the issuing banks of the bills are of good credit rating
            and the non-settlement of these bills by the issuing banks on maturity is not probable.


            As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s maximum exposure to loss and undiscounted cash outflow, which is the
            same as the amounts payable by the Group to banks or suppliers in respect of the discounted bills and
            endorsed bills, should the issuing banks fail to settle the bills on maturity date, amounted to RMB1,507,000 and
            RMB3,003,000 respectively.


            As at 31 December 2022, no bills receivables are endorsed by the Group to settle the payables to its suppliers.


            No gains or losses were recognised from the Continuing Involvement, both during the year or cumulatively.




122 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023




20. DEPOSITS, PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                                   2023                  2022
                                                                                          Notes              RMB’000                RMB’000


     Deposits                                                                                (i)                  2,467                 1,857
     Prepayments                                                                                                  1,926                   807
     Other receivables                                                                       (ii)                 3,539                 3,084


                                                                                                                  7,932                 5,748


     Classified as:
     Non-current assets                                                                                           2,450                 1,709
     Current assets                                                                                               5,482                 4,039


                                                                                                                  7,932                 5,748


     The Group does not hold any collateral over these balances.

     Notes:

     (i)      As at 31 December 2023, included in deposits, approximately RMB96,000 (2022: RMB84,000) represents rental deposit paid to a related
              company, of which Mr. Kwai and Ms. Cheung are the beneficial owners.

     (ii)     As at 31 December 2023, the value-added tax for future deduction was approximately RMB716,000 (2022: RMB863,000) which are
              expected to be recovered or utilised within one year.




                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                                123
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2023




       21. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

                                                                                                      2023           2022
                                                                                                   RMB’000       RMB’000


            Cash deposits at banks and on hand                                                     253,060        236,462
            Short-term deposits in a bank                                                           46,207          17,003


            Cash and cash equivalents                                                              299,267        253,465


            Time deposits classified as current assets                                               2,293          35,328


            Cash deposits at banks earn interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Short-term deposits in
            a bank are made for 1 to 3 months (2022: 1 to 3 months) and earn interests at 5.14% to 5.48% per annum (2022:
            1.7% to 5.01% per annum).


            As at 31 December 2023, time deposits of RMB2,293,000 (2022: RMB35,328,000) represent fixed deposits with
            maturity more than three months but within 1 year from the deposit date, which carried interest at rate of 5.51%
            (2022: 5.57%) per annum.


            As at 31 December 2023, the Group has cash and bank balances denominated in RMB amounted to
            approximately RMB252,795,000 (2022: RMB236,296,000), of which the remittance of cash out of the PRC is
            subject to the exchange control restrictions imposed by the PRC government.


       22. TRADE PAYABLES
            The credit period is generally 30 days.


            Based on invoice dates, ageing analysis of the Group’s trade payables is as follows:


                                                                                                      2023           2022
                                                                                                   RMB’000       RMB’000


            0 to 30 days                                                                             2,966           7,461
            31 to 90 days                                                                              494              80
            91 to 120 days                                                                              30              12
            121 to 365 days                                                                          1,669             439
            Over 1 year                                                                              1,482           1,253


                                                                                                     6,641           9,245




124 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023




23. CONTRACT LIABILITIES

                                                                                                  2023         2022
                                                                                            RMB’000        RMB’000


     Contract liabilities arising from:
     Provision of port services                                                                 40,640        41,712


     Typical payment terms which impact on the amount of contract liabilities recognised
     Contract liabilities mainly relate to the deposits received from customers for port services based on the billing
     schedules as established in the contracts. The deposits that the Group receives on port services remain as
     contract liabilities until such time as the port services are provided to the customers.


     Movement in contract liabilities

                                                                                                  2023         2022
                                                                                            RMB’000        RMB’000


     Balance at 1 January                                                                       41,712        47,797
     Decrease in contract liabilities as a result of recognising revenue
       during the year that was included in the contract
       liabilities at the beginning of the year                                                 (41,712)     (47,797)
     Increase in contract liabilities as a result of billings in
       advance of port services being provided                                                  40,640        41,712


     Balance at 31 December                                                                     40,640        41,712




                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED           125
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2023




       24. OTHER PAYABLES, ACCRUALS AND RECEIPT IN ADVANCE

                                                                                                  2023             2022
                                                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000


            Other payables                                                                      33,546            35,172
            Accruals                                                                            28,232            23,098
            Receipt in advance                                                                  35,643            31,188


                                                                                                97,421            89,458


            Other payables mainly represented construction cost payables of investment properties, cost of fixed assets
            acquisition payable which are expected to be settled within one year. Receipt in advance mainly represented
            rental paid by tenants of the Group prior to their recognition as rental income.


       25. LEASE LIABILITIES
            The amounts included in the consolidated statement of financial position in respect of the carrying amounts of
            lease liabilities and the movements during the year is as follows:


                                                                                                                  Office
                                                                                                              properties
                                                                                                               RMB’000


            As at 1 January 2022                                                                                     880
            Interest expense                                                                                          41
            Lease payments                                                                                          (488)
            Foreign exchange movements                                                                                64


            As at 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023                                                                497
            Lease modification                                                                                     1,591
            Interest expense                                                                                          14
            Lease payments                                                                                          (491)
            Foreign exchange movements                                                                               (20)


            As at 31 December 2023                                                                                 1,591




126 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023




25. LEASE LIABILITIES (continued)
     Future lease payments are due as follows:


                                                                               31 December 2023
                                                               Minimum lease
                                                                   payments           Interest    Present value
                                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000


     Not later than one year                                            578               (79)             499
     Later than one year and not later than five years                 1,156              (64)           1,092


                                                                       1,734             (143)           1,591


                                                                               31 December 2022
                                                               Minimum lease
                                                                   payments           Interest    Present value
                                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000


     Not later than one year                                             511               (14)            497


     The present value of future lease payments are analysed as:


                                                                                         2023             2022
                                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000


     Current liabilities                                                                  499              497
     Non-current liabilities                                                            1,092                –


                                                                                        1,591              497




                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED         127
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2023




       26. OPERATING LEASING ARRANGEMENTS
            The Group as lessor
            At the reporting date, the minimum rent receivables under non-cancellable operating leases are as follows:


                                                                                                    2023            2022
                                                                                                 RMB’000        RMB’000


            Not later than one year                                                                1,830            3,208
            Later than one year and not later than two years                                       1,701            1,266
            Later than two years and not later than three years                                      949            1,136
            Later than three years and not later than four years                                     803              992
            Later than four years and not later than five years                                      555              803
            Later than five years                                                                  7,111            7,148


                                                                                                  12,949           14,553


            The Group leased its investment properties to tenants under operating leases. The leases run for an initial
            period of 1 to 20 years, with options to renew the lease terms upon expiry when all terms are re-negotiated.
            Certain leases include contingent rentals which are refundable if certain annual transportation volume targets
            from the tenants are met. No contingent rent in respect of these leases was recognised in profit or loss during
            the reporting periods.


       27. BANKING FACILITIES
            (a)   As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s banking facilities were secured by:


                  (i)    the pledge of certain property, plant and equipment of the Group with net carrying amount of
                         approximately RMB137,536,000 (2022: RMB142,671,000)(note 14) as at 31 December 2023; and


                  (ii)   the pledge of investment properties of the Group of approximately RMB15,200,000 (2022:
                         RMB15,400,000) (note 15) as at 31 December 2023.


            (b)   None of the Group’s aggregate available banking facilities amounted to approximately RMB115,812,000
                  (2022: RMB115,812,000) has been utilised (2022: Nil) as at 31 December 2023.




128 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023




28. INVESTMENT IN AN ASSOCIATE

                                                                                                                   2023                    2022
                                                                                                              RMB’000                RMB’000


     Share of net assets of the associate                                                                          2,600                       –


                                                    Place of incorporation, Operation and                                     Percentage of
       Name                                         principal activity                                                     owner’s interests
       Chizhou City Huida Port                      Port operation in PRC                                                         26% (Note)
       Transportation Company Limited                                                                                                 (2022: –)
       (“Chizhou Huida”)
       (池州巿滙達港口運輸有限公司)

     Summarised financial information of the associate, adjusted for any difference in accounting policies, is as
     follows:


                                                                                                                                          2023
                                                                                                                                     RMB’000


     As at 31 December


     Current asset                                                                                                                      10,000
     Non-current assets                                                                                                                        –
     Current liabilities                                                                                                                       –


     Net assets                                                                                                                         10,000
     Group’s share of net assets of the associate                                                                                        2,600


     Year ended 31 December


     Revenue                                                                                                                                   –
     Loss for the year                                                                                                                         –
     Total and other comprehensive income for year                                                                                             –


     Dividend received from the associate                                                                                                      –
     Group’s share of the results of the associate                                                                                             –

     Note:   On 30 June 2023, the Group entered into a joint venture agreement with two investors which are PRC state-owned enterprises
             pursuant to which the Group agreed to make a cash injection of RMB26,000,000 in total to Chizhou Huida, in return for 26% equity
             interest of Chizhou Huida. In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the Group is able to exercise significant influence over
             Chizhou Huida through its representation in the board of directors and its participation in policy-making processes because it has the
             power to appoint one out of five directors of Chizhou Huida under the articles of association of Chizhou Huida. As at 31 December
             2023, the Group has not yet paid up the subscribed registered capital of Chizhou Huida of RMB23,400,000.



                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                                   129
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2023




       29. DEFERRED GOVERNMENT GRANT

                                                                                               2023              2022
                                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000


            At beginning of the year                                                         32,534            33,424
            Amortisation                                                                        (890)            (890)


            At end of the year                                                               31,644            32,534


            Classified as:
            Non-current liabilities                                                          30,754            31,644
            Current liabilities                                                                 890               890


                                                                                             31,644            32,534


            The Group’s deferred government grants mainly related to the Group’s acquisition payments for investment
            properties and leasehold land recognised as right-of-use assets. The Group does not have any unfulfilled
            conditions and other contingencies attaching to government assistance in regard to the government grants at
            the reporting dates.


       30. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                        Number of
                                                                    ordinary shares
                                                                                            HK$’000         RMB’000
                                                                                                           equivalent


            Authorised:
            Ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each as at 1 January 2022,
              31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023                   5,000,000,000           50,000           40,929


            Issued and fully paid:
            Ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each as at 1 January 2022,
              31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023                     800,000,000            8,000            6,758




130 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023




31. RESERVES
     (a) Share premium
           The share premium represents the excess of the proceeds received over the nominal value of the
           Company’s shares issued.

     (b) Special reserve
           In accordance with the regulations of the State Administration of Work Safety, the PRC subsidiaries have
           commitment to appropriate 1% of corresponding turnover to a special reserve which will be used for
           enhancement of safety production environment and improvement of facilities.

     (c)   Statutory reserve
           In accordance with the relevant laws and regulations in the PRC and Articles of Association of the PRC
           subsidiaries, they are required to appropriate 10% of the annual net profits of the PRC subsidiaries after
           offsetting any prior years’ losses as determined under the PRC accounting standards, to the statutory
           reserve before distributing any net profit. Such appropriation is applicable to Chizhou Niutoushan, Yuan
           Hang Port Development (Chizhou) Limited and Chizhou Qianjiang Port Logistic Company Limited
           (“Qianjiang Logistic”), subsidiaries of the Company.


           In accordance with the relevant laws and regulations in the PRC and Articles of Association of Chizhou
           Port Holdings, as a Sino-foreign equity joint venture, it is required to appropriate 20% of its annual net
           profit, determined by the board of directors, to the statutory reserve fund before distributing any net
           profit.


           When the balance of the statutory reserve reaches 50% of the registered capital of the PRC subsidiaries,
           any further appropriation is at the discretion of shareholders. The statutory reserve can be used to offset
           prior years’ losses, if any, and may be capitalised as capital, provided that the remaining balance of the
           statutory reserve after such issue is no less than 25% of registered capital.


     (d) Other reserve
           Other reserves represent the difference between the investment costs in subsidiaries and the nominal
           value of the issued share capital, capital reserve (if any) of the Company’s subsidiaries and reserve
           resulting from recognition of equity-settled share-based payments to the directors of the Company over
           the vesting period.


     (e) Capital reserve
           Capital reserve represents capital contribution from the controlling shareholder to the Group.


     (f)   Assets revaluation reserve
           Assets revaluation reserve represents the revaluation surplus arising from transfer of payments for certain
           leasehold land held for own use under operating leases to investment properties upon change in use.


     (g) Fair value reserve
           The balance represents the cumulative net change in the fair value of equity investment designated at
           FVOCI that are held at the end of the reporting period.




                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                131
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2023




       32. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
            At the reporting date, the Group had the following capital commitments:


                                                                                                                    2023                  2022
                                                                                                               RMB’000               RMB’000


            Contracted, but not provided for
            — Construction in progress                                                                             3,604                 5,275


       33. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
            (a) Save as disclosed elsewhere in these consolidated financial statements, the Group had the following
                  related party transactions during the year:


                                                                                                                    2023                  2022
                                                                                                               RMB’000               RMB’000


                  Lease payment paid to a related company (note)                                                      491                  488

                  Note: Ocean Line Hong Kong, a subsidiary of the Company and a related company entered into a tenancy agreement pursuant to
                        which the related party as the landlord agreed to lease certain premises to Ocean Line Hong Kong as the tenant. The annual
                        rental under the tenancy agreement amounted to approximately HK$570,000 from 1 January 2021 and expiring on 31 December
                        2023. The tenancy agreement is renewed with annual rental amount of approximately HK$634,000 from 1 January 2024 and
                        expiring on 31 December 2026. Mr. Kwai and Ms. Cheung are the beneficial owners of the related company.



                  The above transaction with a related company was negotiated and carried out in the ordinary course of
                  business and at terms agreed between the Group and the related company.


            (b) Key management personnel compensation
                  The directors of the Company consider that the key management personnel compensation comprises
                  only the emoluments of the directors as disclosed in note 10.




132 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023




34. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
     Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities:

                                                                                                        Non-cash changes
                                                  As at                               Interest                                                                At
                                              1 January           Financing          expense                 Lease      Dividend        Exchange     31 December
                                                  2023            cash flow        recognised      Modification          declared     Movements             2023
                                              RMB’000             RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000


     Year ended 31 December 2023
     Due to a non-controlling interest               –              (16,045)                –                    –        16,045                 –             –
     Lease liabilities                             497                 (491)               14                1,591               –           (20)          1,591


                                                                                                              Non-cash changes
                                                          As at                                   Interest                                                    At
                                                    1 January             Financing              expense             Dividend         Exchange       31 December
                                                          2022            cash flow          recognised              declared*       Movements              2022
                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000               RMB’000             RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000


     Year ended 31 December 2022
     Due to a non-controlling interest                    1,017                (16,896)                 –              15,879                –                 –
     Lease liabilities                                     880                    (488)                41                   –               64               497

     *        It represented the dividend declared by a non-wholly owned subsidiary as set out in note 38.

     Note: The total cash outflow for leases are RMB514,000 (2022: RMB746,000).




                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                                         133
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2023




       35. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
            These risks are limited by the Group’s financial management policies and practices described below.


            (a) Interest rate risk
                  As the Group has no significant interest-bearing assets and liabilities, the Group’s income and operating
                  cash flows are substantially independent of changes in market interest rate.


            (b) Foreign currency risk
                  Currency risk refers to the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate
                  because of changes in foreign exchange rates. The Group has foreign currency exposures. Such
                  exposures arise from the balance of assets and liabilities in currencies other than the functional currency
                  of the Group’s entities. The carrying amounts of the Group’s foreign currency denominated monetary
                  assets and monetary liabilities at the reporting date that are considered significant by the directors of the
                  Company are stated as follows:


                                                                                                         2023                2022
                                                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000


                  Assets:
                  HK dollar (“HK$”)                                                                    47,970              39,556


                  Liabilities
                  HK$                                                                                   (2,696)             (1,360)


                  Net exposure to foreign currency risk                                                45,274              38,196


                  The Group’s policy requires the management monitors foreign exchange exposure by closely monitoring
                  the movement of foreign currency rate and may enter into foreign currency options or forward contracts,
                  when and where appropriate.


                  The following table illustrates the sensitivity of the Group’s profit for the year and retained earnings at end
                  of the year in regard to a 5% depreciation in the functional currency of the Group’s entities against the
                  foreign currency. These rates are the rates used when reporting foreign currency risk internally to key
                  management personnel and represents management’s best assessment of the possible change in foreign
                  exchange rates.


                  The sensitivity analysis of the Group’s exposure to foreign currency risk at the end of the year has been
                  determined based on the assumed percentage changes in foreign currency exchange rates taking place
                  at the beginning of the year and held constant throughout the year.




134 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023




35. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
     (b) Foreign currency risk (continued)

                                                                                             Increase on profit
                                                                                       for the year/retained earnings
                                                                                                2023              2022
                                                                                           RMB’000            RMB’000


           HK$                                                                                 2,264              1,910


           The same percentage appreciation in the functional currencies of the Group’s entities against the
           respective foreign currency would have the same magnitude on the Group’s profit or loss and equity but
           of opposite effect.


     (c)   Credit risk
           As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk which will cause a
           financial loss to the Group due to failure to discharge an obligation by the counterparties is primarily
           attributable to trade and other receivables, debt instruments at FVOCI, and bank deposits. The Group has
           a credit policy in place and exposures to these credit risks are monitored on an ongoing basis.


           The Group applies simplified approach to measure ECL on trade receivables; and general approach to
           measure ECL on other receivables, debt instruments at FVOCI and cash and cash equivalent. Under the
           simplified approach, the Group measures the loss allowance at an amount equal to lifetime ECL. Under
           the general approach, financial assets migrate through the following three stages based on the change in
           credit risk since initial recognition: Stage 1: 12-month ECL, Stage 2: Lifetime ECL — not credit-impaired
           and Stage 3: Lifetime ECL — credit-impaired.


           Financial assets with credit risk exposure
           (i)    Debt instruments at FVOCI
                  The Group has concentration of credit risk with bills receivables from trade issued by bank. The
                  credit risk on the bills receivables is limited because the counterparties are mainly banks with high
                  credit-rating or with good reputation.


           (ii)   Other receivables
                  The directors have made individual assessment on the recoverability of other receivables based on
                  historical settlement records, past experience, and also forward-looking information, as appropriate.
                  The Group has considered the consistently low historical default rate in connection with payments,
                  and concluded that credit risk inherent in the Group’s outstanding other receivables is insignificant.




                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                 135
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2023




       35. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
            (c)   Credit risk (continued)
                  Financial assets with credit risk exposure (continued)
                  (iii)   Cash and cash equivalent
                          Cash is deposited with financial institutions with sound credit ratings and the Group has exposure
                          limit to any single financial institution. Given their high credit ratings, management does not expect
                          any of these financial institutions and counterparties will fail to meet their obligations.


                  (iv)    Trade receivables
                          The Group has concentration of credit risk from various customers. In view of their good payment
                          record and long established relationships with the Group, management does not consider the
                          Group’s credit risk to be significant. At 31 December 2023, the Group’s largest trade receivables
                          balance and the five largest trade receivables accounted for 22% (2022: 27%) and 73% (2022: 62%) of
                          the total trade receivables, respectively.


                  The Group measures loss allowances for trade receivables at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs, which is
                  calculated using a provision matrix. As the Group’s historical credit loss experience does not indicate
                  significantly different loss patterns for different customer segments, the loss allowance based on past due
                  status is not further distinguished between the Group’s different customer bases.


                  The following table provides information about the Group’s exposure to credit risk and ECLs for trade
                  receivables:


                                                                                   Expected     Gross carrying              Loss
                                                                                    loss rate           amount          allowance
                                                                                           %          RMB’000           RMB’000


                  As at 31 December 2023
                  Neither past due nor impaired                                         0.2%              4,564                –
                  1-30 days past due                                                    0.4%                   –               –
                  31-90 days past due                                                   1.2%                   –               –
                  91-120 days past due                                                  3.7%                   –               –
                  Over 120 days past due                                                6.6%                   –               –


                                                                                                          4,564                –




136 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023




35. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
     (c)   Credit risk (continued)

                                                                        Expected      Gross carrying            Loss
                                                                         loss rate          amount        allowance
                                                                                 %         RMB’000         RMB’000


           As at 31 December 2022
           Neither past due nor impaired                                       0.2%           5,128                –
           1-30 days past due                                                  0.3%               –                –
           31-90 days past due                                                 1.1%              29                –
           91-120 days past due                                                3.4%               –                –
           Over 120 days past due                                          12.1%              1,006            1,006


                                                                                              6,163            1,006


           Expected loss rates are based on actual loss experience over the past 5 years. These rates are adjusted to
           reflect differences between economic conditions during the year over which the historic data has been
           collected, current conditions and the Group’s view of economic conditions over the expected lives of the
           receivables.


           The Group’s management considers that trade receivables that were past due but not impaired under
           review are of good credit quality. The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the fair
           value of trade receivables. The Group does not hold any collateral in respect of trade receivables past due
           but not impaired.


           Receivables that were neither past due nor impaired related to a wide range of customers for whom there
           was no recent history of default.


           Receivables that were past due but not impaired related to a number of independent customers that had
           a good track record with the Group. Based on past experience, management believed that no impairment
           allowance was necessary in respect of these balances as there had been no significant change in credit
           quality and the balances were still considered fully recoverable.




                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                137
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2023




       35. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
            (c)   Credit risk (continued)
                  Movement in the loss allowance account in respect of trade receivables during the year is as follows:


                                                                                                      2023               2022
                                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000


                  Balance at 1 January                                                                1,006              1,006
                  Written off                                                                        (1,006)                 –


                  Balance at 31 December                                                                  –              1,006


                  There are no significant changes in the gross carrying amount of trade receivables contributed to the
                  increase in the loss allowance during the year.


            (d) Liquidity risk
                  Liquidity risk relates to the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its obligations associated with its
                  financial liabilities. The Group is exposed to liquidity risk in respect of settlement of trade and other
                  payables and its financing obligations, and also in respect of its cash flow management. The Group’s
                  objective is to maintain an appropriate level of liquid assets and committed lines of funding to meet its
                  liquidity requirements in the short and longer term.


                  The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor current and expected liquidity requirements to ensure that it
                  maintains sufficient reserves of cash and adequate committed lines of funding from major banks and
                  financial institutions to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer terms. The Group also
                  monitors the utilisation of borrowings and ensures compliance with loan covenants.


                  The liquidity policies have been followed by the Group since prior years and are considered to have been
                  effective in managing liquidity risks.




138 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023




35. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
     (d) Liquidity risk (continued)
           The maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities as at the reporting dates, based on the contractual
           undiscounted payments, are as follows:


                                                                 Total                  More than       More than
                                                           contractual   On demand    one year but   two years but
                                             Carrying    undiscounted      or within not exceeding not more than      More than
                                              amount        cash flow      one year     two years       five years    five years
                                             RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000


           At 31 December 2023
           Trade payables                       6,641           6,641        6,641              –                –             –
           Other payables and accruals         61,051          61,051       61,051              –                –             –
           Lease liabilities                    1,591           1,734          578            578             578              –


                                               69,283          69,426       68,270            578             578              –


                                                                 Total                  More than       More than
                                                           contractual   On demand    one year but   two years but
                                              Carrying   undiscounted      or within not exceeding not more than      More than
                                              amount         cash flow     one year      two years       five years    five years
                                             RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000


           At 31 December 2022
           Trade payables                        9,245          9,245         9,245             –                –             –
           Other payables and accruals         56,591          56,591        56,591             –                –             –
           Lease liabilities                      497             511          511              –                –             –


                                               66,333          66,347        66,347             –                –             –


     (e) Fair value
           Financial instruments measured at fair value and disclosed in Notes 16 and 19.


           Financial instruments not measured at fair value include cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables,
           deposits and other receivables, trade payables, other payables and accruals and lease liabilities.


           The fair values of the Group’s financial assets and liabilities were not materially different from their
           carrying amounts because of the immediate or short term maturity of these financial instruments.




                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                          139
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2023




       35. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
            (f)   Summary of financial assets and financial liabilities by category
                  The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the reporting dates are as
                  follows:


                  Financial assets


                                                                                                  2023             2022
                                                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000


                  At amortised costs
                  — Trade receivables                                                            4,564             5,157
                  — Deposits and other receivables                                               2,840             2,351
                  — Time deposit                                                                 2,293            35,328
                  — Cash and cash equivalents                                                  299,267           253,465


                                                                                               308,964           296,301
                  Debt instruments at FVOCI                                                      4,624             1,185
                  Equity investment at FVOCI                                                    17,377            17,838


                                                                                               330,965           315,324


                  Financial liabilities


                                                                                                  2023             2022
                                                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000


                  At amortised costs
                  — Trade payables                                                               6,641             9,245
                  — Other payables and accruals                                                 61,051            56,591


                                                                                                67,692            65,836




140 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023




36. CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
     The Group’s capital management objectives include:


     (i)     to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, so that it continues to provide returns for
             owners and benefits for other stakeholders;


     (ii)    to support the Group’s stability and growth; and


     (iii)   to provide capital for the purpose of strengthening the Group’s risk management capability.


     The capital structure of the Group consists of net debt, which includes bank borrowings, net of cash and cash
     equivalents and equity attributable to the owners of the Company.


     The directors of the Company review the capital structure on a continuous basis. As part of this review, the
     directors of the Company consider the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. Based
     on recommendations of the directors, the Group will balance its overall capital structure through payment of
     dividends, issue of new shares as well as issue of new debts. The Group monitors capital on the basis of gross
     gearing ratio. Gearing ratio is calculated based on the total debts which include payable incurred not in the
     ordinary course of business, divided by total equity.


     The Group’s total debts and total equity and gross gearing ratio at 31 December 2023 and 2022 were as follows:


                                                                                                2023              2022
                                                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000


     Total debts                                                                                    –                 –
     Total equity                                                                            646,235           625,971


     Gross gearing ratio (%)                                                                     N/A               N/A




                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                 141
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2023




       37. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS
            The share option scheme of the Company (the “Share Option Scheme”) has been conditionally adopted by
            way of shareholder’s written resolution passed on 1 June 2018. The Share Option scheme has become
            unconditional on the 10 July 2018 (i.e. the listing date of the Company) and, unless otherwise cancelled or
            amended, will remain in force for 10 years from that date.


            Summary of the terms of the Share Option Scheme are set out below:


            (i)    Purpose of the Share Option Scheme
                   The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to enable the Company to grant options to the eligible
                   participants who, has contributed or may contribute to the Group as incentive or reward for their
                   contribution to the Group to subscribe for the Company’s shares (“the Shares”) thereby linking their
                   interest with that of the Group.


            (ii)   Eligibility of the Share Option Scheme
                   The “Eligible participants” of the Share Option Scheme include any employee, adviser, consultant, service
                   provider, agent, customer, partner or joint-venture partner of the Company or any subsidiary (including
                   any director of the Company or any subsidiary) who is in full-time or part-time employment with or
                   otherwise engaged by the Company or any subsidiary at the time when an option is granted to such
                   employee, adviser, consultant, service provider, agent, customer, partner or joint-venture partner who, in
                   the absolute discretion of the Company’s Board, has contributed or may contribute to the Group as
                   incentive or reward for their contribution to the Group to subscribe for the Shares thereby linking their
                   interest with that of the Group.


            (iii) Maximum number of Shares in respect of which options may be granted
                   As at 31 December 2023 and 2022 and the date of this annual report, the maximum number of Shares in
                   respect of which options may be granted under the Share Option Scheme of the Group must not in
                   aggregate exceed 10% of the total number of Shares in issue (i.e. 80,000,000 Shares).


            (iv) Maximum entitlement of each participant
                   No Participants shall be granted an option if total number of the Shares issued and to be issued upon
                   exercise of the options granted and to be granted to each grantee (including both exercised, cancelled
                   and outstanding options) in any 12-month period up to and including the date of grant to such participant
                   would exceed in aggregate 1% of the Shares for the time being in issue unless the proposed grant has
                   been approved by the shareholder of the Company in general meeting with proposed grantee and its
                   associates (as defined in the GEM Listing Rules) abstaining from voting.


            (v)    Period within which the Shares must be taken up under an option
                   An option may be exercised in accordance at any time during the period to be determined and identified
                   by the Company’s Board (“the Board”) to each grantee at the time of making an offer for the grant of an
                   option, but in any event no later than 10 years from the date of grant but subject to the early termination
                   of the Share Option Scheme.




142 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023




37. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (continued)
     (vi) Minimum period, if any, for which an option must be held before it can be exercised
           At the time of granting an option, the Company’s directors (“the Directors”) may, at their discretion,
           specify the minimum period(s), if any, for which an option must be held before it can be exercised.


     (vii) Amount payable upon acceptance of the option and the period within which the
           payment must be made
           HK$1.00 shall be paid within 21 days from, and inclusive of the date of offer of the option.


     (viii) Basis of determining the exercise price of the option
           The exercise price for Shares under the Share Option Scheme shall be a price determined at the
           discretion of the Directors, but in any case will not be less than the highest of:


           (i)     the closing price of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the date
                   of the offer, which must be a business date;


           (ii)    the average closing price of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheets for
                   the five business days immediately preceding the date of the offer; or


           (iii)   the nominal value of a Share on the offer date of the particular option.


     (ix) Remaining life of the Share Option Scheme
           Subject to early termination of the Scheme pursuant to the terms thereof, the Share Option Scheme shall
           be valid and effective for a period of 10 years commencing from the date on which the Share Option
           Scheme becomes effective, i.e. 1 June 2018 and ending on 31 May 2028.


     On 23 December 2019, the controlling shareholders of the Company granted 1,334 shares of Vital Force to an
     executive director of the Company under the sales and purchase agreement as a reward for employee services
     to the Group without vesting conditions and without recharging arrangement. The estimated fair value of the
     share-based payments recognised on 23 December 2019 of RMB3,680,000 (equivalent to approximately
     HK$4,000,000) was expensed to the consolidated statement of comprehensive income as directors’
     remuneration and was capitalised in other reserves.


     During the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, there is no option outstanding, granted, exercised,
     cancelled and lapsed under the Share Option scheme.




                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                143
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2023




       38. NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS
            Chizhou Port Holdings, a 72% owned subsidiary of the Company and Chizhou Niutoushan, a 77.7% owned
            subsidiary of the Company, have material non-controlling interests (“NCI”). Summarised financial information in
            relation to Chizhou Port Holdings and Chizhou Niutoushan, before intra-group eliminations, is presented below:


            (a) Chizhou Port Holdings

                                                                                                                     2023                   2022
                                                                                                                  RMB’000                RMB’000


                  Revenue                                                                                          134,213                129,738
                  Profit for the year                                                                               65,536                 70,267
                  Total comprehensive income                                                                        64,575                 68,537


                  Profit allocated to NCI                                                                            13,469                 15,536
                  Total comprehensive income allocated to NCI                                                        13,200                 15,052
                  Dividends declared to NCI (note)                                                                  (14,665)               (14,698)


                  Cash flows generated from operating activities                                                     66,655                 71,109
                  Cash flows generated from/(used in) investing activities                                            1,290                (14,581)
                  Cash flows used in financing activities                                                           (52,376)               (53,109)


                  Net cash inflows                                                                                   15,569                  3,419


                  Current assets                                                                                    176,871               158,673
                  Non-current assets                                                                                453,678               466,423
                  Current liabilities                                                                              (103,478)             (109,334)
                  Non-current liabilities                                                                            (31,862)             (32,752)


                  Net assets                                                                                       495,209                483,010
                  Proportion of the ownership interest and voting rights held by NCI                                    28%                   28%


                  Accumulated non-controlling interests                                                            116,278                117,743

                  Note:

                  On 5 May 2023, Chizhou Port Holdings declared dividend of approximately RMB52,376,000 (the “2023 Declared Dividend”) to its
                  shareholders. The 2023 Declared Dividends were distributed in accordance with the respective individual equity interests of the
                  shareholders, out of the 2023 Declared Dividend, the Group was entitled to dividend of approximately RMB37,711,000 in respect of its
                  equity interest of 72% and of approximately RMB14,665,000 to the party with equity interests of 28% in Chizhou Port Holdings,
                  respectively.

                  On 30 November 2022, Chizhou Port Holdings declared dividend of approximately RMB52,492,000 (the “2022 Declared Dividend”) to
                  its shareholders. The 2022 Declared Dividends were distributed in accordance with the respective individual equity interests of the
                  shareholders, out of the 2022 Declared Dividend, the Group was entitled to dividend of approximately RMB37,794,000 in respect of its
                  equity interest of 72% and of approximately RMB14,698,000 to the party with equity interests of 28% in Chizhou Port Holdings,
                  respectively.



144 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023




38. NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (continued)
     (b) Chizhou Niutoushan

                                                                                                                 2023                   2022
                                                                                                            RMB’000                RMB’000


           Revenue                                                                                             53,236                 55,154
           Profit for the year                                                                                 31,033                 28,994
           Total comprehensive income                                                                          31,033                 28,994


           Profit and total comprehensive income allocated to NCI                                               6,911                  6,456
           Dividends declared to NCI (note)                                                                     (1,104)               (1,181)


           Cash flows generated from operating activities                                                      50,787                 24,472
           Cash flows used in investing activities                                                            (17,256)               (11,760)
           Cash flows used in financing activities                                                            (22,078)               (24,644)


           Net cash inflows/(outflows)                                                                         11,453                (11,932)


           Current assets                                                                                      44,839                 35,649
           Non-current assets                                                                                121,530                108,828
           Current liabilities                                                                                (39,587)               (26,650)


           Net assets                                                                                        126,782                117,827
           Proportion of the ownership interest and voting rights held by NCI                                 22.27%                 22.27%


           Accumulated non-controlling interests                                                               34,917                 29,110

           Note:

           On 12 April 2023, Chizhou Niutoushan declared dividend of approximately RMB22,078,000 (the “2023 Declared Dividend”) to its
           shareholders. The 2023 Declared Dividends were distributed in accordance with the respective individual equity interests of the
           shareholders, out of the 2023 Declared Dividend, the Group was entitled to dividend of approximately RMB13,615,000 in respect of its
           equity interest of 61.67%, approximately RMB7,359,000 to the party with equity interests of 33.33%, and of approximately RMB1,104,000
           to the party with equity interests of 5% in Chizhou Niutoushan, respectively.

           On 6 April 2022, Chizhou Niutoushan declared dividend of approximately RMB23,627,000 (the “2022 Declared Dividend”) to its
           shareholders. The 2022 Declared Dividends were distributed in accordance with the respective individual equity interests of the
           shareholders, out of the 2022 Declared Dividend, the Group was entitled to dividend of approximately RMB14,572,000 in respect of its
           equity interest of 61.67%, approximately RMB7,874,000 to the party with equity interests of 33.33%, and of approximately RMB1,181,000
           to the party with equity interests of 5% in Chizhou Niutoushan, respectively.


     As at 31 December 2023, individually immaterial subsidiaries have non-controlling interests of RMB8,381,000
     (2022: RMB7,094,000).




                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                                 145
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2023




       39. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE
           COMPANY

                                                                               2023          2022
                                                               Note         RMB’000       RMB’000


            ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
            Non-current assets
              Property, plant and equipment                                        –            –
              Investment in subsidiaries                                     144,000      144,000


                                                                             144,000      144,000


            Current asset
              Prepayments and other receivables                                      31        31
              Due from subsidiaries                                           55,003      103,962
              Cash and cash equivalents                                             126        60


                                                                              55,160      104,053


            Current liabilities
              Accruals                                                          1,064         852
              Due to a subsidiary                                               5,465       7,616


                                                                                6,529       8,468


            Net current assets                                                48,631       95,585


            Net assets                                                       192,631      239,585


            EQUITY
              Share capital                                     30              6,758       6,758
              Reserve                                                        154,513      198,326
              Retained earnings                                               31,360       34,501


            Total equity (note)                                              192,631      239,585




                                  Kwai Sze Hoi                        Huang Xueliang
                                    Director                             Director



146 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023




39. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE
    COMPANY (continued)
     Note:


                                                                                                                                             (Accumulated
                                                                                                                                                   losses)/
                                                           Share                 Share              Capital                 Other                 retained
                                                          capital             premium               reserve               reserve                 earnings                   Total
                                                         RMB’000              RMB’000              RMB’000               RMB’000                  RMB’000                  RMB’000


     At 1 January 2022                                      6,758                50,277             144,369                  3,680                 (28,903)                176,181

     Profit and total comprehensive
       income for the year                                      –                       –                    –                   –                  63,404                   63,404


     At 31 December 2022 and
       1 January 2023                                      6,758                 50,277            144,369                   3,680                  34,501                 239,585

     Loss and total comprehensive income
       for the year                                             –                     –                      –                   –                  (3,141)                   (3,141)
     Dividend paid                                              –               (43,813)                     –                   –                       –                  (43,813)


     At 31 December 2023                                   6,758                  6,464            144,369                   3,680                  31,360                 192,631



40. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES

                                      Place and                Particulars of issued and                         Effective percentage
                                      date of                     fully paid up share                                of equity held                           Principal
       Company name                   incorporation            capital/registered capital                          by the Company                             activities
                                                                     As at              As at             As at                           As at
                                                              31 December        31 December         31 December                     31 December
                                                                     2023               2022              2023                            2022
                                                                                                   Directly     Indirectly         Directly      Indirectly


       Ocean Line Chizhou             BVI                            US$2                   US$2   100.00%              –         100.00%                 – Investment holding
                                      9 October 2007

       Noble Century                  BVI                           US$10               US$10      100.00%              –         100.00%                 – Investment holding
        Ventures Limited              26 April 2017

       Chizhou Port Holdings          The PRC              RMB342,177,063 RMB342,177,063                 –         72.00%                –           72.00% Port operation
         (notes 1 and 4)              18 December 2007

       Yuan Hang Port Development     The PRC                 RMB100,000          RMB100,000             –        100.00%                –          100.00% Investment holding
         (Chizhou) Limited (note 2)   28 November 2017




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                                                        147
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       For the year ended 31 December 2023




       40. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES (continued)

                                               Place and            Particulars of issued and                         Effective percentage
                                               date of                 fully paid up share                                of equity held                           Principal
                 Company name                  incorporation        capital/registered capital                          by the Company                             activities
                                                                         As at               As at             As at                           As at
                                                                  31 December         31 December         31 December                     31 December
                                                                         2023                2022              2023                            2022
                                                                                                        Directly     Indirectly         Directly      Indirectly


                 Chizhou Logistic (note 3)     The PRC             RMB500,000          RMB500,000             –         72.00%                –          72.00% Logistic services
                                               27 April 2021

                 Chizhou Niutoushan            The PRC           RMB80,000,000      RMB80,000,000             –         77.73%                –          77.73% Port operation
                   (notes 3 and 4)             11 April 2012

                 Chizhou Port Meilong Port     The PRC           RMB20,000,000      RMB20,000,000             –         51.84%                –          51.84% Inactive
                   Affairs Company Limited     3 December 2020
                   (“Chizhou Meilong”)
                   (Notes 3, 4 and 5)

                 Ocean Line Hong Kong          Hong Kong                 HK$1                    HK$1         –        100.00%                –         100.00% Investment holding
                                               30 October 2017

                 Qianjiang Logistic (note 3)   The PRC            RMB1,000,000       RMB1,000,000             –         77.73%                –          77.73% Logistic services
                                               12 April 2022

            Notes:

            1.          a Sino-foreign equity joint venture operating in the PRC.

            2.          a wholly foreign owned enterprise operating in the PRC.

            3.          a limited liability company operating in the PRC.

            4.          The business operations of the Group for the provision of port services in the PRC are carried out by Chizhou Port Holdings and its
                        subsidiaries. Chizhou Port Holdings is a Sino-foreign equity joint venture in which the PRC government own and hold, indirectly, 28% of
                        its equity interests and hence have significant influence over Chizhou Port Holdings. Chizhou Port Holdings and its subsidiaries operate
                        in the PRC, an economic environment currently predominated by entities directly or indirectly controlled by the PRC government
                        through its government authorities, agencies, affiliations and other organisations (collectively referred to as “state-controlled entities”).
                        Chizhou Port Holdings and its subsidiaries have entered into transactions with other PRC state-controlled entities during their ordinary
                        course of businesses including but not limited to the purchases of inventories, construction works, rendering and receiving services and
                        use of public utilities, among others.

            5.          During the year ended 31 December 2020, Chizhou Port Holdings,non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into an
                        agreement with two investors which are PRC state-controlled entities pursuant to which Chizhou Port Holdings agreed to make a cash
                        injection of RMB36,000,000 in total by installment into the capital of the Chizhou Meilong, the Company’s subsidiary, in return for 72%
                        equity interest of Chizhou Meilong. In addition, the other investors agreed to make cash injections proportionate to their holdings. The
                        fund injected by Chizhou Port Holdings and two investors will be utilised for the construction of a new port terminal. During the year
                        ended 31 December 2021, the shareholders of Chizhou Meilong entered into a supplemental agreement, pursuant to which the parties
                        thereto agreed that the timing of the remaining 60% of their total capital contribution to Chizhou Meilong will be determined by the
                        shareholders of Chizhou Meilong based on the project progress of Chizhou Meilong. As at 31 December 2021, Chizhou Port Holdings
                        has injected RMB14,400,000. As at 31 December 2022 and 2023, the outstanding commitment by the Group is RMB21,600,000.




148 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023




41. EVENT AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
     On 29 December 2023, the Group entered into an agreement (“Agreement”) with two other independent
     parties (“JV Partner I and JV Partner II”), pursuant to which the parties agreed to establish a JV Company,
     namely Chizhou Port Guohai Port Service Company Limited* (池州國海港口服務有限公司) (“Chizhou Guohai”),
     with a registered capital of RMB100,000,000. Upon the establishment of Chizhou Guohai, Chizhou Guohai will
     be owned as to 60% by the Group, 30% by the JV Partner I and 10% by JV Partner II, respectively. According to
     the Agreement, the Group has committed to dispose and transfer the land use right with carrying amount of
     RMB10,902,000 owned by the Group to Chizhou Guohai within two months after the establishment of Chizhou
     Guohai. In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the land use right was not classified as held-for-sale as
     at 31 December 2023 because the held-for-sale classification criteria have not been met and the Company will
     retain a controlling interest in the non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company to be established in the future.


     Up to the date of issue of these consolidated financial statements, the establishment of Chizhou Guohai has not
     been completed. Further details are set out in the circular of the Company dated 25 January 2024.




                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023 / OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED                 149
       FINANCIAL SUMMARY



       The following table summarises the results, assets and liabilities of the Group for the years ended 31 December
       2019, 2020, 2021, 2022 and 2023:


                                                                    For the year ended 31 December
                                                          2019         2020          2021         2022          2023
                                                      RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000


       RESULTS
       REVENUE                                         146,225       150,502      165,837       187,377      173,583
       PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                78,582        75,250       94,249       107,687       98,109
       INCOME TAX EXPENSE                               (18,485)     (11,066)      (14,749)     (20,234)     (17,026)
       PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO
         OWNERS OF THE COMPANY                          41,432        44,579       57,206        64,092       59,140


                                                                           As at 31 December
                                                          2019         2020          2021         2022          2023
                                                      RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000


       ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
       TOTAL ASSETS                                    616,011       650,180      748,461       813,156      832,302
       TOTAL LIABILITIES                               (206,796)    (172,650)     (192,384)    (187,185)    (186,067)
       NET ASSETS                                      409,215       477,530      556,077       625,971      646,235
       EQUITY ATTRIBUTABLE TO
         OWNERS OF THE COMPANY                         307,704       351,926      409,178       472,024      486,659




150 OCEAN LINE PORT DEVELOPMENT LIMITED / ANNUAL REPORT 2023
