

--- page 1 ---



--- page 2 ---
CONTENTS
2 Corporate Information
3 Financial Highlights
4–14 Management Discussion and Analysis
15–25 Corporate Governance Report
26–67 Environmental, Social and Governance Report
68–69 Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management
70–79 Report of the Directors
80–84 Independent Auditor’s Report
85 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
86 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
87–88 Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
89–90 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
91–92 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
93–171 Notes to Financial Statements
172–173 Particulars of Investment Properties
174 Five-Year Financial Summary


--- page 3 ---
CORPORATE INFORMATION
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
2
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Executive directors
Mr. Zhang Jian Guo (Chairman and President)
Mr. Wang Jin Chao
Mr. Guo Song
Mr. Xu Chengjie
Mr. Li Shuo Feng
Ms. Wu Jing
Independent non-executive directors
Mr. Lai Nga Ming, Edmund
Mr. Chak Chi Shing
Ms. Tam Mei Chu
COMMITTEES
Audit Committee
Mr. Lai Nga Ming, Edmund (Chairman)
Mr. Chak Chi Shing
Ms. Tam Mei Chu
Remuneration Committee
Ms. Tam Mei Chu (Chairman)
Mr. Zhang Jian Guo
Mr. Lai Nga Ming, Edmund
Nomination Committee
Mr. Zhang Jian Guo (Chairman)
Mr. Lai Nga Ming, Edmund
Mr. Chak Chi Shing
Ms. Tam Mei Chu
Ms. Wu Jing
COMPANY SECRETARY
Ms. Cheang Yee Wah Eva
AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
Mr. Zhang Jian Guo
Mr. Guo Song
AUDITORS
Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants
Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
LEGAL ADVISERS
Fairbairn Catley Low & Kong
REGISTERED OFFICE
Victoria Place, 5th Floor
31 Victoria Street
Hamilton HM 10
Bermuda
HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE
OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
Unit 1408, 14th Floor
Cable TV Tower
9 Hoi Shing Road
Tsuen Wan
New Territories
Hong Kong
SHARE REGISTRARS AND
TRANSFER OFFICE
Principal registrar
Appleby Global Corporate Services (Bermuda) Limited
Canon’s Court, 22 Victoria Street
PO Box HM 1179, Hamilton HM EX
Bermuda
Hong Kong branch share registrar and
transfer office
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East
Hong Kong
LISTING INFORMATION
Main board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
Stock code: 00418
Board lot: 2,000 shares
COMPANY WEBSITE
www.irasia.com/listco/hk/founder


--- page 4 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED
3
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
Annual Report 2025
2025 2024 +/(-)
HK$’million HK$’million Change    
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Revenue 907 925 (1.9%)
Gross profit margin (%) 49.5% 49.1%
Profit attributable to owners of the parent 30 48 (37.7%)
Net profit margin (%) 3.3% 5.2%
KEY FINANCIAL INDICATORS
Cash and cash equivalents 820 805 1.9%
Net current assets 857 831 2.8%
Total assets 1,433 1,444 (0.8%)
Total liabilities 315 325 (2.9%)
Equity attributable to owners of the parent 1,114 1,120 (0.6%)
Current ratio (times) 4.12 3.93
Gearing ratio 0.2% 0.1%
Basic earnings per share (HK cents) 2.6 4.0
    


--- page 5 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
4
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
PERFORMANCE
The Group reported a profit for the year ended 31 December 2025 of approximately HK$30.2 million (year ended 31 
December 2024: HK$47.9 million). The Group’s turnover for the current year decreased by 1.9% to HK$907.2 million (year 
ended 31 December 2024: HK$924.9 million) due to decline in market demand as a result of economic downturn. Gross profit 
for the current year decreased by 1.1% to HK$449.1 million compared with last year’s HK$454.3 million due to decline in 
revenue. Gross profit ratio was maintained at around 49%.
The decline in profit for the year was mainly the net results of:
a.
 a decrease in the gross profit by 1.1% to approximately HK$449.1 million (year ended 31 December 2024: HK$454.3
 
million);
b. a decrease in other income and gains by 13.9% to HK$48.7 million (year ended 31 December 2024: HK$56.6
 
million) attributable to decline in revenue-related government grants engagements;
c.
 an increase in total selling and distribution expenses, administrative expenses and other operating expenses by 2.1% to 
HK$464.3 million (year ended 31 December 2024: HK$454.9 million) due to net effect of (i) decrease in fair value 
losses on investment properties in Hong Kong and The People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”); and (ii) loss on disposal of 
subsidiaries which did not constitute a notifiable transaction under Chapter 14 of the Listing Rules; and
d.
 an increase in income 
tax expense by HK$4.2 million to HK$2.6 million (year ended 31 December 2024: income tax 
credit of HK$1.6 million) attributable to the implementation of Pillar Two of BEPS 2.0 during the year.
Basic and diluted earnings per share for the year was HK2.6 cents (year ended 31 December 2024: HK4.0 cents).
OPERATING REVIEW AND PROSPECTS
Operating Review
Font Library Business
In order to meet the growing and diverse demand for fonts across various sectors of society, promote the culture of Chinese font, 
and convey the beauty of written language, 北京北大方正電子有限公司 (Beijing Founder Electronics Co., Ltd.*) (“Founder 
Electronics”), a subsidiary of the Company, made the following numerous attempts in 2025:
(1)
 Font design aspect
The Company was honored as the Outstanding 
Member Unit (優秀會員單位) of the China Copyright Association (中國
版權協會) in 2025 and won 21 awards in total, including the D&AD Wood Pencil Award (D&AD木鉛筆獎), the Best 
Work Award from the Japan Typographic Design Association (日本字體設計協會Best Work獎), and the Grand1 Prize in 
the China Star Design Award (中國之星設計獎金獎). It has completed the development of 254 Chinese font libraries, 50 
Latin font libraries, 11 Japanese font libraries, 11 Korean font libraries, 4 Arabic font libraries, and 4 ethnic font libraries. 
To actively respond to and support the national standard GB18030, we have upgraded the font library, a total of 130 
types of GB18030-2022 L2 font libraries containing 27,780 Chinese fonts, 4 types of GB18030-2022 L3 font libraries 
containing 97,908 Chinese fonts. The customized font of the Year of the Loong Spring Festival Gala “Spring Festival 
Gala Fortune-style of Founder (方正春晚如意體)” was developed in conjunction with CCTV’s (央視) Spring Festival Gala. 
In collaboration with the Guangzhou Branch of the China National Archives of Publications and Culture (廣州國家版本館), 
we developed “Founder Wen Qin Yongle Encyclopedia Font (方正文沁永樂大典體)”. Aligning with industry trends, we 
launched key fonts such as Founder Panhu-style Packaging Body (方正潘虎包裝體), Founder Hong-style in capital (方正
弘體大楷), Founder Semi-cursive Script Font of Yan Zhenqing-style (方正顏真卿行書), Founder Semi-cursive Script Font of 


--- page 6 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
5
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
Liaotu Pusongling-style (方正遼圖蒲松齡行書), Founder Han Zhen Guang-standard Family (方正漢真廣標家族), Founder 
Exquisite Tang Kante Liu (方正精美堂勘亭流), and Founder Si Hua Song (方正思華宋), Founder Yuejia-style Black (方
正悅駕黑), which supports three languages in Chinese, Japanese, and Korean, have been released, along with the self-
developed proprietary multilingual products such as FT School, FT DIN Mild, FT Grace, FT Thymes, and FT Nazyra to assist 
domestic enterprises in global expansion.
(2)
 Font design technology aspect
W
e continue to promote the application of artificial intelligence related technologies in key projects such as the light 
design platform “Wenxiang” (文像) and the “Exquisite Chinese Font Library Project” (中華精品字庫工程), creating an 
intelligent font recommendation assistant that provides font recommendations, layout, and rendering solutions for typical 
production scenarios. “Founder Typewriting” (方正輸入法) has been continuously optimized, steadily improving user 
experience. Founder Rendering Engine (方正渲染引擎) has also undergone ongoing optimization, with its extensive icon 
library, compressed fonts, and special effect fonts are now available on multiple online platforms. The uniquely developed 
Founder Font Library Layout Engine (方正字庫排版引擎) has been adopted by several renowned manufacturers for their 
mobile phones and smartwatches.
(3)
 Marketing and service aspect
In terms of customer service, we continue to deepen our service to new and old customers, covering diversified service 
contents such as providing font selection guidance, industry font-usage analysis, copyright protection, creating value
 
for customers; Our customized services deeply cultivate the emerging industries, building a foundation for diversified 
development, and achieve dual growth of new market increment and existing customer base. We initiated AI strategic 
upgrade, launching “AI-Recommended Font” (深度求索推薦字體), “AI Wenxiang” (文像), and “Intelligent Proofreading” 
(智能審校). We continuously build a comprehensive service network from the official website of FounderType, “Font+” (字
加) mini program of WeChat application, to the “Font+” (字加) computer clients-end, “FounderType” computer clients-end, 
and then to the “FounderType Enterprise Font Asset Platform” (方正字庫企業字體資產平台), building a full scenario font 
application service system.
(4)
 Market promotion aspect
Panhu Design Lab (
潘虎設計實驗室) and us jointly launched the Founder Panhu-style Packaging Body (方正潘虎包裝
體), leveraging a hybrid model of “offline release + online livestreaming” to invite numerous industry leaders to voice their 
support via videos, creating an industry-level integrated marketing event. In collaboration with the Guangzhou Branch of 
the China National Archives of Publications and Culture (廣州國家版本館), the “Founder Wen Qin Yongle Dadian Font 
(方正文沁永樂大典體)” was released, receiving special coverage in multiple newspapers and television stations. CCTV’s 
(央視) “Chinese Calligraphy Conference” (Season 2) ( 《中國書法大會》 （第二季）) was launched, and in collaboration 
with the program team, we reconstructed the full volume of “Luoshen Fu” ( 《洛神賦》) by using AI Auxiliary Font Design 
Technology. We participated in the Hainan International Intellectual Property Trading Conference (海南國際智慧財產權
交易大會), promoting the transformation of intellectual property innovation achievements and international cooperation, 
and assisted Chinese enterprises in going global. We participated in the BITS11 International Font Forum (BITS11國際字
體論壇) in Bangkok, Thailand, and collaborated and exchanged ideas with Southeast Asian font manufacturers (東南亞
字體廠商). We also participated in the Atypi2025 conference in Copenhagen, Denmark (丹麥哥本哈根國際Atypi2025
大會) to showcase the latest achievements of China’s font design and technologies to the world.
The above measures not only further enhanced the professional brand image and industry-leading position of FounderType, but 
also raised the public awareness of young and internationalized image of FounderType. This enabled FounderType to lay a solid 
foundation for the future and long-term development.


--- page 7 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
6
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
Printing Business
In June 2025, the National Press and Publication Administration (國家新聞出版署 ) released “Three Year Action Plan for 
Digitalization of the Printing Industry (2025–2027)” ( 《印刷業數字化三年行動計劃(2025–2027)》), which clearly proposes to 
accelerate the digitalization and Intelligent transformation for the printing industry. As one of the backbone supporting units in the 
industry, Beijing Founder EasiPrint Digital Technical Co., Ltd.* (北京方正印捷數碼技術有限公司), a subsidiary of the Company, 
continues to play an important role in the research and development, upgrading, and application promotion of high-speed inkjet 
digital printing software and equipment.
Industry environment and market situation
In 2025, the printing industry as a whole showed a trend of structural differentiation. Affected by the macro environment and 
changes in reading structure, the domestic publishing industry continued to be under pressure. The Company estimates that the 
industry scale has declined by more than 10% year-on-year for the whole year, and the investment willingness of publishing units 
has decreased, which has had a certain negative impact on the sales of high-speed inkjet printing equipment and supporting 
software systems mainly used in books and periodicals.
At the same time, the demand for commercial printing and export related fields was relatively active. According to customs and 
industry statistics, from January to November 2025, the exports for the domestic printing equipment amounted to 3.788 billion 
US dollars, an increase of 15% compared to the same period in 2024, indicating that the competitiveness of China’s printing 
equipment in the international market continued to strengthen. Based on the trend of the first three quarters, the export of printing 
equipment has maintained a growth trend throughout the year, providing certain support for the domestic market.
In the above environment, the new orders for high-speed inkjet printing equipment of the Company continue to grow. In 2025, 
the signing amounts of new contracts for high-speed inkjet printing equipment (including black and white, and color) increased by 
33% year-on-year, and the revenue increased by 19% year-on-year. Among them, the demand for Copperplate Paper High-speed 
Inkjet Color Equipment (銅版紙高速噴墨彩色設備) was outstanding, which to some extent offset the impact of the declining 
demand in the field of book and magazine inkjet. The relevant orders were delivered in the second half of the year, and the third 
quarter became an important stage for annual shipment and revenue recognition.
Product and technology progress
In terms of hardware, the Company continues to promote the upgrading of core inkjet printing technology. We have launched the 
P6600CHD4.0-44/56/66 series models in the field of Copperplate Paper High-speed Inkjet Color Equipment. This model has 
been further optimized in terms of drying capacity, production capacity, and color management, enhancing the printing quality 
and printing stability of copperplate paper and offset paper, and has received good feedback from customers.
In the field of black and white inkjet printing, the Company adhered to a two-way research and development strategy of “increasing 
production capacity and small appearance (產能做大、外觀做小)”. By using the Founder EagleJet P8800HD High-speed Inkjet 
Rotary Printing Machine (方正桀鷹P8800HD高速噴墨輪轉印刷機) to improve the efficiency of single machine, and the Founder 
EagleJet D330HD High-speed Single Sheet Inkjet Machine (方正桀鷹D330HD高速單張紙噴墨機) to meet the needs of small 
and medium-sized customers for flexible production and high-quality output, the stability and customer satisfaction of related 
products continued to improve after multiple iterations.
In terms of software, the Company continued to improve the Yunshu software platform (雲舒軟體平台) around digital management 
of inkjet printing. In 2025, Yunshu Software (雲舒軟體) has made substantial progress in localization adaptation (國產化適配) 
and independent controllable architecture (自主可控架構), while completing the development and optimization of mobile-end 
functions, improving the flexibility and real-time performance of production management, equipment operation and maintenance, 
and data viewing. The relevant results have been validated in some clients and are planned to be fully launched in the market by 
2026.


--- page 8 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
7
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
In terms of ecological construction, the Company continued to promote the strategy of software open platform. By 2025, it 
had completed interface docking (接口對接) with multiple third-party online detection devices, realizing the interconnection of 
production data, quality monitoring, and equipment status information, laying the foundation for customers to construct a more 
complete integrated digital printing solution.
At the same time, the Company launched product planning and technical preparation for Large Format High-definition Color Inkjet 
Equipment (大幅面高清彩色噴墨設備) in the second half of 2025 to meet the future demand for high-capacity applications.
Market and internationalization progress
In terms of market, under the industrial pressure on the publishing industry, the Company continued to strengthen technology-
oriented marketing (技術導向行銷), guiding the customers to transform towards diversified printing applications through 
customer open day, technical exchanges, and exhibition activities, etc. In 2025, the series of Founder EagleJet P6600CHD4.0 
Copperplate Paper High-speed Inkjet Rotary Printing Machine (方正桀鷹P6600CHD4.0系列高速銅版紙噴墨輪轉印刷機) 
recorded a historic high in the number of shipments and new contract signings. The concentrated shipment from July to September 
provided important support for the annual performance.
In terms of internationalization, the Company continued to expand into emerging markets such as East Asia, Southeast Asia, 
Eastern Europe, and South America, in order to improve its overseas agency and service system. In 2025, the international 
market revenue achieved significant year-on-year growth, and the annual scale reached a historical high, which to some extent 
alleviated the adverse impact of the downward demand in the domestic publishing industry.
Business management and annual summary
In terms of business management, facing the downward pressure in the publishing industry, the Company implemented the 
optimization measures for the organizational and personnel structure in the second half of 2025, so as to focus on the main 
business, streamline institutions, and improve operational efficiency, and tilting resources towards core products and key markets.
Despite the pressure on the sales of inkjet printing machines for book and magazine and software systems, the Company 
relied on the growth of Copperplate Paper Color Inkjet Equipment, international business expansion, capability improvement of 
software platform, and improvement towards internal management to achieve the annual performance target in 2025 and further 
consolidated the product foundation of inkjet printing equipment and software platform.
Overall, by 2025, the Company has maintained operational resilience in a complex industry environment through product 
structure optimization, software and hardware collaborative development, and refined management. Looking ahead to the future, 
the Company will continue to promote technological innovation, accelerate the market-oriented promotion for software platforms, 
launch Large Format High-definition Color Inkjet Equipment for high-capacity demand, and promote the sustainable development 
of printing business.


--- page 9 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
8
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
Media Business
Macro policy
Three ministries and commissions including the Publicity Department of the CPC Central Committee (中宣部), the Ministry 
of Finance (財政部) and National Radio and Television Administration (國家廣電總局) jointly issued the “Notice on the 
implementation of plan for promoting the development of in-depth integration of municipal-level media” (《推進地市級媒體加快深
度融合發展實施方案》) (hereinafter referred to as the “Plan”) in April 2022, in which specific deployments were made for the in-
depth integration of municipal-level media. After selecting 60 cities (including municipal and prefecture-level) to carry out the first 
batch of pilot projects for the construction of city level integrated media centers, the second and third batches of pilot projects for 
the construction of municipal-level integrated media centers had been carried out in 2023 and 2024. By the end of 2025, more 
than 230 municipal level integrated media centers had been established nationwide, which accounted for over 70% in more 
than 330 cities (regions, autonomous prefectures, and leagues) in China. In 2025, the integrated media centers at the municipal 
level combined with the listing establishment and platform integration of integrated media centers at the municipal level, we have 
actively participated in promoting the intensive and digital transformation of the collection and editing process, establishing a 
unified integrated editing platform, so as to realize the one-time collection, multiple generation, and all media dissemination of 
news information. We have to build a new communication platform, grasp the mobile trend, and continue to make mobile news 
client-end as a key focus of integrated media platform construction. We explored the business models of government as govern 
affairs + businesses + services (政務+商務+服務), and strived to create a new type of mainstream media with strong influence 
and competitiveness. The “Decision of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China on Further Comprehensive 
Deepening Reform and Promoting Chinese-style Modernization” ( 《中共中央關於進一步全面深化改革、推進中國式現代化的
決定》) reviewed and approved by the Third Plenary Session of the 20th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China (黨
的二十屆三中全會) in 2024 proposed: “Build a working mechanism and evaluation system adapted to Omnimedia production 
and communication, and promote the systematic transformation of mainstream media” ( 「構建適應全媒體生產傳播工作機
制和評價體系，推進主流媒體系統性變革」). The Fourth Plenary Session of the 20th Central Committee of the Communist 
Party of China (黨的二十屆四中全會) in 2025 proposed to deepen the systematic reform of mainstream media, promote the 
integrated management of news propaganda and online public opinion, and improve the ability to guide mainstream public 
opinion. “Systematic transformation of mainstream media” ( 主流媒體系統性變革) has become another major deployment and 
requirement put forward by the Central Committee of the Party for the comprehensive deepening transformation of mainstream 
media, following “Media integration” (媒體融合) and “Deep media integration” (媒體深度融合). By 2025, mainstream media 
at all levels actively promoted the systematic changes in the media system. A total of 55 medias had launched systematic change 
measures, and 38 provincial and municipal medias had launched reform plans, including Shanghai United Media Group (上
海報業集團), Nanfang Press Media Group (南方報業傳媒集團), Yangcheng Evening News (羊城晚報), Guangzhou Daily (廣
州日報), Shenzhen Media Group (深圳報業), and Xinhua Daily Press Group (新華報業) have successively launched systematic 
transformation measures for mainstream media. At the same time, there were also reform plans launched by broadcasting and 
television media such as Shanghai Media Group (上海廣電), Guangdong Radio and Television Station (廣東廣電), Jiangsu 
Broadcasting Corporation (江蘇廣電), and Chongqing Broadcasting Group (重慶廣電). The systematic transformation of 
mainstream media mainly revolves around the layouts optimization in the aspects of the optimization of organizational structure 
(組織構變革), evaluation of system transformation (評價體系革新), technological platform upgrades (技術平台升級), and 
the construction of industrial ecosystem (產業生態建設). In line with the trends of mobility (移動化), intelligentization (智能化), 
videoization (視頻化), and platformization (平台化), we strengthen the new mobilized media platforms, reshape the editing 
process, enhance video production, and promote the application of AI intelligent technology.


--- page 10 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
9
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
Regarding integrated publishing, in March 2025, the National Press and Publication Administration (國家新聞出版署) issued 
“The notice on organizing and implementing the 2025 Publishing Integration Development Project of the National Press 
and Publication Administration (國家新聞出版署關於組織實施2025年度出版融合發展工程的通知), which organizes and 
recommends the key projects for integrated publishing development and continues to conduct in-depth discussions and exchanges 
on integrated publishing development. The Publishing Integration Development Project (出版融合發展工程) has been implemented 
since 2021 and is a systematic arrangement to promote the in-depth integration development of the publishing industry. In 
2021 and 2023, the emphasis will be placed on the in-depth implementation of the Digital Publishing Boutique Selection and 
Recommendation Plan (數字出版精品遴選推薦計劃), and the Publishing Integration Development Demonstration Unit Selection 
and Recommendation Plan (出版融合發展示範單位遴選推薦計劃). In 2022 and 2024, the emphasis will be placed on the in-
depth implementation of the Digital Publishing Quality Platform Selection and Recommendation Plan (數字出版優質平台遴選推
薦計劃), and the Publishing Integration Development Excellent Talent Selection and Training Plan (出版融合發展優秀人才遴選培
養計劃). In April 2025, the National Press and Publication Administration (國家新聞出版署), National Development and Reform 
Commission (國家發展改革委), Ministry of Education (教育部), Ministry of Industry and Information Technology (工業和信息化
部), Ministry of Finance (財政部) and a total of 10 ministries jointly issued a notice on the “New Leading Plan for Technological 
Innovation in Online Publishing” (《網絡出版科技創新引領計劃》 的通知). After 3 to 5 years of effort, we have promoted a group 
of online publishing companies to establish several high-quality scientific and technological innovation laboratories, participating 
in national science and technology projects, building a number of integrated innovation cooperation platforms. These efforts 
have significantly improved the ability of scientific and technological innovation and achievement transformation in the field of 
online publishing. The level of independent and controllable key core technologies has also been significantly improved. The 
“Proposal” from The Fourth Plenary Session of the 20th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China (黨的二十屆四中全
會) proposed: “Promote the integration of culture and technology, empower cultural development with digital intelligence, drive 
informatization transformation, and foster new cultural business models.” The State Council’s 73rd Executive Meeting (國務院第
73次常務會議) on 27 November 2025 adopted the “Regulations on Promoting Universal Reading ( 《全民閱讀促進條例》)” 
which stipulates that the state supports the integration of digital and traditional reading and encourages the supply of high-quality 
digital reading content.
In the second half of 2024, the China Association for Science and Technology (中國科協), the Ministry of Education (教育
部), the Ministry of Science and Technology (科技部), the Ministry of Finance (財政部), the National Press and Publication 
Administration (國家新聞出版署), the Chinese Academy of Sciences (中國科學院), and the Chinese Academy of Engineering (中
國工程院) issued the “Notice on Organizing the Implementation of the second phase of the Excellence Action Plan for Chinese 
Science and Technology Journals” ( 《關於組織實施中國科技期刊卓越行動計劃二期項目的通知》). The second phase of the 
Excellence Action Plan (卓越行動計劃二期項目) for Science and Technology Journals focused on supporting more scientific 
and technological journals to enter the world’s first tier, promoting more high-level academic research papers to be published 
in Chinese journals and more high-quality journals to be published on China’s independent platforms, so as to provide strong 
support for the self-strengthening and self-reliance of high level science and technology. Finally, a total of 463 projects were 
selected for the second phase of the Excellence Action Plan for Chinese Science and Technology Journals. The implementation 
of the second phase of the Excellent Action Plan for Science and Technology Journals would accelerate the construction of 
independent platforms for selected journals.


--- page 11 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
10
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
The trends of industry demand
Regarding media integration, with the development of generative artificial intelligence technology, related technologies such as 
artificial intelligence have begun to be deeply applied in media deep integration. Especially, generative artificial intelligence 
represented by big models has begun to penetrate into various industries, triggering a new round of artificial intelligence 
technology revolution. More and more central and provincial level media are actively introducing cutting-edge technologies such 
as artificial intelligence and big data, exploring the integration of big models, AIGC and other technologies with media business, 
building an AIGC artificial intelligence application platform, so as to apply the big models, AIGC and other artificial intelligence 
technologies to content creation, production, and distribution processes, empowering the production and dissemination of media 
news, and to promote the transformation of media integration from integrated media to intelligent media. In addition, media at 
all levels continue to promote media systematic transformation, advancing the construction of a full media communication system, 
in order to build a full media communication matrix. Provincial media actively integrate media resources within the province, 
strengthen the construction of independent and controllable provincial cloud platforms, empower deep integration of media at 
the provincial, city, and county levels, create an integrated communication pattern within the province, and connect the media 
at all levels from central media to provincial, city, and county. At the same time, mainstream media at all levels has established 
international communication centers. Multilingual websites were built, and a multi subject, three-dimensional communication matrix 
would be constructed. In 2025, the integrated media centers at the municipal level combined with the listing establishment and 
platform integration of integrated media centers at the municipal level, which actively promoted the establishment of a unified 
integrated editorial platform, built a full-media dissemination matrix, created new communication platforms, and explored a 
business model combining business models as govern affairs + businesses + services (政務+ 商務+服務). Additionally, some 
central medias, provincial and municipal mainstream medias, industry medias, and corporate medias gradually deployed 
domestic innovation solutions in 2025.
Regarding integrated publishing, many publishing groups actively layout artificial intelligence applications, explore the 
development and application of artificial intelligence technology, promote the digitization (數位化), networking (網路化), and 
intelligent upgrading transformation (智能化升級改造) of traditional publishing, promote the application of new technologies in 
the entire publishing industry chain, so as to achieve industrial innovation through technological innovation, attach importance 
to the innovation of artificial intelligence scene applications, integrate artificial intelligence technology with traditional publishing 
editing and scheduling, and build a human-machine collaborative ( 人機協同) intelligent publishing business process. We 
emphasize the coordinated construction of content development with artificial intelligence technology application, promote the 
intelligent transformation of business processes, in order to achieve the improvement of content production efficiency and quality, 
upgrade product services, and cultivate new quality productivity through new technologies.
(1)
 Product and solution
Focusing on deep media integration: In 2025, a new generation of Founder Intelligent Media solution (
方正智媒解
決方案) was launched, which fully empowered the in-depth integration of media and the construction of technology 
platforms for municipal-level integrated media centers. The new generation of Founder Intelligent Media Solution is 
centered around “Skylark Integrated Media + Rubik’s Cube Intelligence” (「雲雀融媒體+魔方智能」) to form an Intelligent 
Media Solution. Skylark Integrated Media (雲雀融媒體) has built an integrated media platform that covers the full range 
of media integration needs based on new architecture, new technology, new applications, new experiences, and new 
scenarios, not only achieved the integration for media businesses, management, users and data, but also simultaneously 
strengthened the abilities of comprehensive and integrated production (統一融合生產能力), comprehensive planning and 
interview (統一策採能力), comprehensive compilation and editing and distribution from various ends (統一編審和多端
發佈能力). Rubik’s Cube Intelligence (魔方智能) is based on years of accumulated intelligence, using the Rubik’s Cube 
Big Model on Media Industry ( 魔方媒體行業大模型) as the foundation, empowering the media industry through more 
AI native applications and Rubik’s Cube AIGC tools (魔方AIGC工具), providing content understanding and auxiliary 
creation services for editors and journalists.


--- page 12 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
11
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
Regarding integrated publishing business: Founder Electronics has continuously stepped up its efforts in the research 
and development of products, covering the new generation of collaborative compilation system (協同編纂系統), smart 
review (智能審校), XML automatic typesetting (XML自動化排版), knowledge service (知識服務) and software for content 
production (內容製作). In 2025, Founder Starry Sky (方正星空) AI publishing and Founder Smart Review Version 6.0 
(方正智能審校6.0版本). Founder Starry Sky AI Publishing Platform (方正星空AI出版平台) provides AI intelligence on 
topic selection and planning, AI intelligence on editing and review assistance (Pre-review of manuscripts), AI pre layout, 
AI content review, AIGC tools such as AI drawing, and other scenario applications. Founder Smart Review Version 6.0 
(智能審校6.0版本) was also equipped with Big Model, which comprehensively enhanced the aspects of ideological 
content review and control capabilities (意識形態內容審核把關能力), intelligent error correction capabilities (智能糾
錯能力), knowledge inspection capabilities (知識檢查能力), and the applications for scenario expansion (場景擴展應
用), while fully opening up text and knowledge review of Cloud SaaS Service capabilities such as text review, document 
review, and knowledge review. Review capabilities of multimedia content such as images, audio and video were also 
released. In 2025, Intelligent Proofreading has been integrated into the DeepSeek R1 Big model (DeepSeek R1大模型), 
enhancing product and service capabilities in the aspects of editing assistants including knowledge, grammar, semantic 
proofreading, editorial polishing and problem-solving. It has also reached a cooperation agreement with Shanghai 
Lexicographical Publishing House (上海辭書出版社) to launch a knowledge verification system.
In 2025, Founder Hongyun Academic Publishing and Communication Service Platform (方正鴻雲學術出版與傳播服務
平台) released artificial intelligence applications such as AI guided reading, AI video, and AI manuscript detection have 
been launched. At present, the Founder Hongyun Academic Publishing SaaS Service Platform has been integrated with 
the DeepSeek R1 model, providing SaaS platform users with intelligent services such as academic paper abstracts, video 
production, multilingual translation and international dissemination, AI review, etc. The platform is mainly characterized by 
integration, clustering, internationalization, intelligentization, and datamation, serving the journal groups to create a full 
process digital publishing platform. Meanwhile, when promoting the intensive and clustered development of scientific and 
technological journals, the international influence and dissemination were enhanced, so as to assist in the transformation 
of digitalization and intelligentization for academic journals in China.
(2)
 Business model
We are committed to actively promoting the transformation of software solution for authorization service, SaaS service, 
software service and data service. In 2025, the revenue scale of service-oriented business exceeded RMB140 million, a 
continuous 
improvement compared to the same period in 2024, in which the proportion of revenue reached 50%. The 
business model has gradually changed from the sale of product solution project to product solution and authorization, 
SaaS services, software services, data services, operation and maintenance services and other collaborative business 
models.
(3)
 
Marketing
In the media market, on the basis of consolidating the central media, provincial and municipal media as well as industrial 
media markets, we increased the expansion to the pan-media markets such as government enterprises, colleges and 
universities. In 2025, Founder Electronics reached new cooperations in the media market with central-level, provincial-
level and municipal-level media clients, including People’s Daily (人民日報社), Science and Technology Daily (科技日
報社), Heilongjiang Daily Newspaper Group (黑龍江日報報業集團), Gansu New Media Group of Gansu Daily (甘肅
日報甘肅新媒體集團), Harbin Daily Newspaper Group (哈爾濱日報報業集團), Changchun Daily Newspaper Group 
(長春日報報業集團), Fuzhou Daily Newspaper Group (福州日報報業集團), Dalian News Media Group (大連新聞傳
媒集團), Shen Zhen Press Group (深圳報業集團), Xiamen Daily (廈門日報社), Quanzhou Evening News (泉州晚報), 
Integrated Media Center of Xing’an league, Inner Mongolia (內蒙古興安盟融媒體中心), Shaanxi Xianyang Integrated 
Media Center (陝西咸陽融媒體中心), Ningxia Zhongwei News Media Center (寧夏中衛新聞傳媒中心). In addition, 


--- page 13 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
12
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
we had also entered into the contracts with integrated media platforms operated by governmental enterprises, including 
State Grid Yingda Media (國家電網英大傳媒), Ansteel Group Integrated Media Center (鞍鋼集團融媒體中心), East 
Tobacco Newspaper Press (東方煙草報), Propaganda and Education Center of Health Commission of Guangdong 
Province (廣東省衛健委宣傳教育中心), achieving breakthrough in the integrated media market in government and 
enterprise. Furthermore, the Rubik’s Cube Intelligent Creator (魔方智能創作器) based on the Founder Rubik’s Cube Big 
Model (方正魔方大模型) has signed with clients from central government media, state-owned enterprise integrated 
media, and local media such as Science and Technology Day (科技日), State Grid Yingda Media (國家電網英大傳媒), 
and Hunan Chenzhou Daily (湖南郴州日報).
In the publishing market, new collaborations were established with publishing units such as People’s Publishing House 
(人民出版社), Higher Education Press (高等教育出版社), Jiangsu Phoenix Publishing & Media Group (江蘇鳳凰出版
傳媒集團), Shandong Publishing Group (山東出版集團), China Children’s Press And Publication Group (中國少年兒
童出版總社), People’s Medical Publishing House Co., LTD (人民衛生出版社), Sichuan University Press (四川大學出版
社) and Dalian Maritime University Press (大連海事大學出版社) in 2025. In 2025, our academic journal business has 
collaborated with the top academic journals and journal clusters, including the Chinese Medical Association (中華醫學
會), Social Sciences in China Press (中國社會科學雜誌社), Multilingual International Publishing Platform of department for 
Humanities and Social Sciences of Foreign Language Research Press (外國語研究出版社人文社科多語種國際出版平
台), Energy and Electrical Power Journal Cluster of Chinese Society for Electrical Engineering (中國機電工程學會能源電
力期刊集群), Journal Cluster of China National Petroleum Corporation (中石油集團期刊集群), Journal Cluster of Beijing 
University of Chinese Medicine (北京中醫藥大學期刊集群), Journal Cluster of Chongqing University (重慶大學期刊集群), 
Journal Cluster of Sichuan Normal University (四川師範大學期刊集群). By the end of 2025, there were around 1,700 
academic journals using our academic journal business service, accounting for 25%.
Prospects
The management of the Group will closely monitor changes in the economy and IT market of the PRC. The Group will continue 
the development of innovative solutions and provide our customers with more cost-effective products and solutions to meet our 
customers’ demands for enhancing their competitiveness. In addition, the Group will closely monitor the performance of each 
business sector to achieve effective cost control and maximise shareholders’ value.
EMPLOYEES
The Group has developed its human resources policies and procedures based on performance and merit of employees. The 
Group ensures that the payments to its employees are competitive and the employees are rewarded based on their performance 
within the general framework of the Group’s salary and bonus systems. The Group provides on-the-job training to its employees in 
addition to retirement benefit schemes and medical insurance.
The Group maintained a share option scheme in place for the purpose of providing incentives and rewards to eligible directors 
and employees of the Group who contribute to the success of the Group’s operations. The Group had not granted any share 
options to its eligible directors and employees during the current financial year.
As at 31 December 2025, the number of employees of the Group was 992 (31 December 2024: 1,020).


--- page 14 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
13
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
FINANCIAL REVIEW
Liquidity, financial resources and capital commitments
During the year, the Group generally financed its operations with internally generated resources. As at 31 December 2025, the 
Group had no interest-bearing bank borrowings (31 December 2024: Nil).
As at 31 December 2025, the Group recorded total assets of HK$1,432.5 million which were financed by liabilities of 
HK$315.2 million and equity of HK$1,117.3 million. The Group’s net asset value per share as at 31 December 2025 
amounted to HK$0.97 (31 December 2024: HK$0.93). The increase in net asset value per share was due to net effect of profit, 
repurchase and cancellation of shares of the Company, exchange differences arising from translation of foreign operations and 
revaluation deficit of land and buildings during the year.
The Group had total cash and bank balances (including pledged deposits and cash and cash equivalents) of HK$823.3 million 
as at 31 December 2025 (31 December 2024: HK$811.4 million). As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s gearing ratio, 
measured by the ratio of total borrowings (including lease liabilities) to total shareholders’ equity, was 0.2% (31 December 
2024: 0.1%) while the Group’s working capital ratio was 4.12 (31 December 2024: 3.93). The decrease in prepayments, 
deposits and other receivables by 14.6% to HK$48.9 million (31 December 2024: HK$57.3 million) was due to decrease in 
prepayments and deposits for performance of contracts. The increase in other payables and accruals by 3.1% to HK$181.2 
million (31 December 2024: HK$175.8 million) was due to increase in accrual of subcontracting fee of systems integration and 
increase in value-added tax payable.
As at 31 December 2025, the Group did not have any material capital expenditure commitments.
Treasury policies
The Group adopts conservative treasury policies and controls tightly over its cash and risk management. The Group’s cash and 
cash equivalents are held mainly in Hong Kong Dollars (“HKD”), RMB and United States Dollars (“U.S. dollars”). Surplus cash is 
generally placed in banks as short term deposits denominated in HKD, RMB and U.S. dollars.
Exposure to fluctuations in exchange rates and related hedges
The Group operates mainly in Hong Kong and the PRC. For the operations in Hong Kong, most of the transactions are 
denominated in HKD and U.S. dollars. The exchange rate of U.S. dollars against HKD is relatively stable and the related 
currency exchange risk is considered minimal. For the operations in the PRC, most of the transactions are denominated in RMB. 
The conversion of RMB into foreign currencies is subject to the rules and regulations of the foreign exchange controls promulgated 
by the PRC government. The Group has minimal exposure to exchange rate fluctuation. No financial instrument was used for 
hedging purposes. The Group will closely monitor the currency exchange risk of RMB in the near term as a result.
Contracts
As at 31 December 2025, the major contracts in hand amounted to approximately HK$285.1 million (31 December 2024: 
HK$211.1 million), which are all expected to be completed within one year.


--- page 15 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
14
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
Material acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, and significant investments
On 31 December 2024, Founder Electronics as the purchaser, and 新方正控股發展有限責任公司 (New Founder Holdings 
Development Co., Ltd.*) (“New Founder”) and 方正信息產業有限責任公司 (Founder Information Industry Company Limited*) 
(“Founder Information”) (New Founder and Founder Information are the substantial shareholders of the Company) as the vendors, 
entered into the equity transfer agreement, pursuant to which Founder Electronics has agreed to acquire 100% equity interest in 
天津方正手迹數字技術有限公司 (Tianjin Founder Handwritten Digital Technology Co., Ltd.*) from New Founder and Founder 
Information Industry for a consideration of approximately RMB3,579,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$3,926,000). For 
details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 31 December 2024. The acquisition was completed on 31 
January 2025.
Save as disclosed above, the Group had no material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, or 
significant investments during the year ended 31 December 2025.
Charges on assets
As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s bank deposits of approximately HK$2.8 million were pledged to banks to secure 
banking facilities granted.
Future plans for material investments or capital assets
The Group did not have any concrete future plans for material investments or capital assets as at 31 December 2025. However, 
the Group always seeks for new investment opportunities in the software development and system integration business to broaden 
the revenue and profit base of the Group and enhance shareholders’ value in the long term.
Contingent liabilities
At 31 December 2025, the Group did not have any significant contingent liabilities.
* For identification purpose only


--- page 16 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
15
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
The Company is firmly committed to the overall standards of corporate governance and has always recognized the importance of 
accountability and communication with its shareholders. The Company adopted all the code provisions of Corporate Governance 
Code (the “CG Code”), as set out in Appendix C1 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of 
Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”), as its own code on corporate governance practices.
In the opinion of the directors, the Company has complied with all the code provisions as set out in the CG Code throughout the 
year ended 31 December 2025, except for the following:
Pursuant to Code Provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, the roles of chairman and chief executive officer should be separate and 
should not be performed by the same individual. On 9 January 2025, Mr. Zhang Jian Guo, the President of the Company, was 
appointed as the Chairman of the board of directors of the Company (the “Board”). With extensive business and management 
experience in the key business areas of the Group, the Board considers that vesting the roles of the Chairman and the President 
in Mr. Zhang Jian Guo is beneficial to the management and business development of the Group and provides a strong and 
consistent leadership to the Group. The Board will continue to review and consider splitting the roles of the Chairman and 
the President at a time when it is appropriate and suitable by taking into account the circumstances of the Company and its 
subsidiaries as a whole.
DIRECTORS’ SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) set out in 
Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules as the Company’s code of conduct and rules governing dealings by all directors in the securities 
of the Company. Upon being made specific enquiries by the Company, all directors of the Company confirmed that they have 
complied with the required standards set out in the Model Code throughout the year ended 31 December 2025.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
As at 31 December 2025, the Board comprises six executive directors and three independent non-executive directors. To the best 
knowledge of the directors, there is no relationship (including financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationship) 
among members of the Board. 
The directors of the Company during the year and up to the date of this annual report were:
Executive directors:
Mr. Zhang Jian Guo (Chairman and President) (appointed as chairman on 9 January 2025)
Mr. Wang Jin Chao
Mr. Guo Song (appointed on 9 January 2025)
Mr. Xu Chengjie (appointed on 9 January 2025)
Mr. Li Shuo Feng
Ms. Wu Jing
Mr. Qi Zi Xin (The former chairman, resigned as chairman and executive director on 9 January 2025)
Mr. Shao Xing (The former president, resigned as executive director on 9 January 2025)
Independent non-executive directors:
Mr. Lai Nga Ming, Edmund
Mr. Chak Chi Shing
Ms. Tam Mei Chu (appointed on 31 December 2025)
Mr. Chan Chung Kik, Lewis (resigned on 31 December 2025)
The biographical details of each director are disclosed on pages 68 to 69 of this Annual Report.


--- page 17 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
16
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
The Board oversees the Group’s strategic development and determines the objectives, strategies and policies of the Group. 
The Board also monitors and controls the operating and financial performance in pursuit of the Group’s strategic objectives. 
Day-to-day management of the Group’s business is delegated to the management of the Company under the supervision of 
the executive directors. The functions and powers that are so delegated are reviewed periodically to ensure that they remain 
appropriate. Matters reserved for the Board are the overall strategy of the Group, major acquisitions and disposals, major 
capital investments, dividend policy, significant changes in accounting policies, material contracts, appointment and retirement of 
directors, remuneration policy and other major operational and financial matters. It is the responsibility of the Board to determine 
the appropriate corporate governance practices applicable to the Company’s circumstances and to ensure processes and 
procedures are in place to achieve the Company’s corporate governance objectives. The directors of the Company have access 
to appropriate business documents and information about the Group on a timely basis. All the directors of the Company have 
access to the Company Secretary who is responsible for ensuring that the Board procedures, and related rules and regulations, 
are followed. Minutes of Board/Committee meetings are kept by the Company Secretary and are open for inspection by the 
directors of the Company. All directors and Board committees have recourse to external legal counsels and other professionals 
for independent advice at the Group’s expense upon their request. Appropriate directors’ liability insurance cover has also been 
arranged to indemnify the directors of the Company for liabilities arising out of corporate activities.
The Board held four regular Board meetings at approximately quarterly intervals during the year ended 31 December 2025. 
Additional Board meetings were held when necessary. Due notices and Board papers were given to all directors prior to the 
meetings in accordance with the Listing Rules and the CG Code.
The attendance record of each director at the Board meetings and general meeting during the year is as follows:
Name of director
Board meetings
attended/
Eligible to attend
Annual General
meeting attended/
Eligible to attend
Special General 
meeting attended/
Eligible to attend
    
Executive Directors
Mr. Zhang Jian Guo (Chairman and President)  
(appointed as chairman on 9 January 2025)
8/8 1/1 1/1
Mr. Wang Jin Chao 7/8 1/1 1/1
Mr. Guo Song (appointed on 9 January 2025) 8/8 1/1 1/1
Mr. Xu Chengjie (appointed on 9 January 2025) 7/8 1/1 1/1
Mr. Li Shuo Feng 7/8 1/1 1/1
Ms. Wu Jing 5/8 1/1 1/1
Mr. Qi Zi Xin (The former chairman, resigned as chairman 
and executive director on 9 January 2025)
N/A N/A N/A
Mr. Shao Xing (The former president, resigned as executive 
director on 9 January 2025)
N/A N/A N/A
Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Lai Nga Ming, Edmund 8/8 1/1 1/1
Mr. Chak Chi Shing 8/8 1/1 1/1
Ms. Tam Mei Chu (appointed on 31 December 2025) N/A N/A N/A
Mr. Chan Chung Kik, Lewis (resigned on 31 December 
2025)
8/8 1/1 1/1
    


--- page 18 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
17
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
There are also three Board committees under the Board, namely, the Remuneration Committee, the Nomination Committee and 
the Audit Committee.
Each newly appointed director is provided with necessary induction and information to ensure that he/she has a proper 
understanding of the Company’s operation and businesses as well as his/her responsibilities under the relevant statutes, laws, 
rules and regulations. In compliance with Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules, (1) Mr. Guo Song and Mr. Xu Chengjie, who were 
appointed as executive directors of the Company on 9 January 2025, obtained the legal advice referred to in Rule 3.09D of 
the Listing Rules on 9 January 2025; and (2) Ms. Tam Mei Chu, who was appointed as independent non-executive director of 
the Company on 31 December 2025, obtained the legal advice referred to in Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules on 15 December 
2025. Each of Mr. Guo Song, Mr. Xu Chengjie and Ms. Tam Mei Chu has confirmed that he/she has understood his/her 
obligations as a director of the Company.
Directors’ training is an ongoing process. During the year, directors are provided with monthly updates on the Company’s 
performance, position and prospects to enable the Board as a whole and each director to discharge their duties. In addition, all 
directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development trainings to develop and refresh their knowledge 
and skills. The Company updates the directors on the latest updates regarding the Listing Rules and other applicable regulatory 
requirements from time to time, to ensure compliance and enhance their awareness of good corporate governance practices.
All directors have participated in continuous professional development and have provided to the Company the records of the 
training they received during the year ended 31 December 2025. The individual training record of each director received for the 
year ended 31 December 2025 is summarised below:
Name of director
Briefings and
updates on the
business, operations
and corporate
governance matters
Attending seminars,
workshops or
self-study of materials
relevant to the business
or directors’ duties 
   
Executive Directors
Mr. Zhang Jian Guo (Chairman and President)  
(appointed as chairman on 9 January 2025)
✓ ✓
Mr. Wang Jin Chao ✓ ✓
Mr. Guo Song (appointed on 9 January 2025) ✓ ✓
Mr. Xu Chengjie (appointed on 9 January 2025) ✓ ✓
Mr. Li Shuo Feng ✓ ✓
Ms. Wu Jing ✓ ✓
Mr. Qi Zi Xin (The former chairman, resigned as chairman and 
executive director on 9 January 2025)
✓ ✓
Mr. Shao Xing (The former president, resigned as executive director 
on 9 January 2025)
✓ ✓
Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Lai Nga Ming, Edmund ✓ ✓
Mr. Chak Chi Shing ✓ ✓
Ms. Tam Mei Chu (appointed on 31 December 2025) ✓ ✓
Mr. Chan Chung Kik, Lewis (resigned on 31 December 2025) ✓ ✓
   


--- page 19 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
18
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
The Board is responsible for performing the functions set out in the code provision A.2.1 of the CG Code. The Board reviewed 
the Company’s corporate governance policies and practices, training and continuous professional development of directors and 
senior management, the Company’s policies and practices in compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, the compliance 
with the Model Code, and the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in this Corporate Governance Report.
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
As at 31 December 2025, there are three non-executive directors, and all of them are independent. Each independent non-
executive director has entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for a period of one year. Pursuant to the Bye-laws of 
the Company, one third of all the directors, including the non-executive directors, shall be subject to retirement by rotation at each 
annual general meeting.
All of the three independent non-executive directors have appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial 
management expertise. This composition is in compliance with the requirement of Rule 3.10 of the Listing Rules. Each independent 
non-executive director has, pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules, provided an annual confirmation of his independence to the 
Company and the Company also considers them to be independent.
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
The Remuneration Committee of the Board was established in 2005 with specific written terms of reference which deal clearly 
with its authorities and duties. The role and functions of this committee include formulating the remuneration policy, making 
recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of all executive directors and senior management, making 
recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive directors, reviewing and approving performance-based 
remuneration, and ensuring that no director or any of his/her associates is involved in deciding his/her own remuneration.
In 2025, the Remuneration Committee met once to review and discuss the remuneration policy for the directors of the Company 
and the remuneration packages of all directors of the Company. The Company’s policy on remuneration is to maintain fair and 
competitive packages based on business needs and industry practice. For determining the level of fees paid to the directors, 
market rates and factors such as each director’s workload and required commitment will be taken into account. No individual 
director will be involved in decisions relating to his/her own remuneration. The Remuneration Committee adopts the model of 
making recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual executive directors and senior management. 
Information relating to the remuneration of each director for 2025 is set out in Note 8 to the Company’s 2025 Financial 
Statements.
The members of the Remuneration Committee during the year and their attendance record at the meeting are as follows:
Name of member Meeting attended/Eligible to attend
   
Mr. Lai Nga Ming, Edmund  
(resigned as chairman, but retain  
as member on 31 December 2025)
(Independent non-executive director) 1/1
Mr. Zhang Jian Guo (appointed on  
9 January 2025)
(Executive director) 1/1
Mr. Chak Chi Shing (resigned on  
31 December 2025)
(Independent non-executive director) 1/1
Ms. Tam Mei Chu (Chairman)  
(appointed as chairman on  
31 December 2025)
(Independent non-executive director) N/A
Mr. Qi Zi Xin (resigned on 9 January 
2025)
(Executive director) N/A


--- page 20 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
19
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
NOMINATION COMMITTEE
The Nomination Committee of the Board was established in 2012 with specific written terms of reference which deal clearly 
with its authorities and duties. Its terms of reference amended and adopted by the Board in December 2018 can be found 
on the Company’s website (www.irasia.com/listco/hk/founder) and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited’s website 
(www.hkexnews.hk). The role and functions of the Nomination Committee include determining the policy for the nomination 
of directors, setting out the nomination procedures and the process and criteria adopted to select and recommend candidates 
for directorship. Only the most suitable candidates who are experienced and competent and able to fulfill the fiduciary duties 
and duties of skill, care and diligence would be recommended to the Board for selection. Appointments of directors are first 
considered by the Nomination Committee and recommendations of the Nomination Committee are then put to the Board for 
decision. The Nomination Committee is also responsible for reviewing the structure, size and diversity of the board.
The Board Diversity Policy was adopted by the Board on 30 August 2013. In designing the Board’s composition, the diversity 
of the Board has been considered from a number of aspects including, but not limited to, gender, age, cultural and educational 
background, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of services. Candidates will be considered against objective 
criteria, having due regard for the benefits of diversity of the Board. The Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing the 
Board Diversity Policy on an annual basis; and reviewing the measurable objectives that have been set for implementing the 
board Diversity Policy, and reviewing the progress on achieving the objectives.
As at 31 December 2025, out of the nine directors comprising the board, two of them are women. The Company is of the 
view that gender diversity in respect of the Board has been achieved. Three of the nine directors are independent non-executive 
directors, thereby promoting critical review and control of the management process. The Board is also characterised by significant 
diversity, whether considered in terms of age, cultural and educational background, professional expertise and skills. The Board 
endeavours to steer forward and ensure that the Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of aspects appropriate to 
the requirements of the Company’s business, and is committed to improving gender diversity as and when suitable candidates are 
identified.
Of the 992 employees (including senior management) of the Group during the reporting period, in which 405 are female, 
representing 40.8% of all employees. Accordingly, the Company considers that gender diversity is also achieved in its workforce 
generally.
The nomination policy of directors of the Company was approved by the Board on 8 July 2025. The policy sets out the 
procedures, process and criteria for identifying and recommending candidates for election to the Board.


--- page 21 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
20
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
Selection Criteria
When evaluating and selecting candidates for directorships, the members of the Nomination Committee or the Board shall 
consider the following criteria:
(a) 
 Character and integrity;
(b)
 Qualifications including professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience that are relevant to the Company’s 
business and corporate strategies;
(c)
 The Board Diversity Policy and any measurable objectives adopted by the Nomination Committee for achieving diversity 
on the Board;
(
d) Willingness to devote adequate time to discharge duties as a Board member and other directorships and significant
 
commitments;
(e)
 In case of independent non-executive Directors, whether the candidates would be considered independent in accordance 
with the Listing Rules;
(f)
 In case of re-election, the overall contribution and service to the Company of the Director to be re-elected and the level of 
participation and performance on the Board and the other criteria set out in this section; and
(g)
 Such other perspectives appropriate to the Company’s business.
These factors are for reference only, and not meant to be exhaustive and decisive. The Nomination Committee has the discretion 
to nominate any person, as it considers appropriate.
Nomination Procedures
(a) The Nomination Committee and/or the Board identifies potential candidates including but not limited to internal  
promotion, re-designation, referral by other member of the management and external recruitment agencies and/or 
advisors. The Nomination Committee then develops a short list of candidates and agrees on proposed candidate(s);
(b)
 Proposed candidate(s) will be asked to submit the necessary personal information, biographical details, together with their 
written consent to be appointed as a director. The Nomination Committee may request candidates to provide additional 
information and documents, if considered necessary;
(
c) The Nomination Committee shall, upon receipt of the proposal on appointment of new director(s) and the personal
 
information (or relevant details) of the proposed candidate(s), evaluate such candidate(s) based on the criteria as set out 
above to determine whether such candidate(s) is qualified for directorship;
(d)
 For any person that is nominated by a shareholder for election as a Director at the general meeting of the Company, the 
Nomination Committee shall evaluate such candidate based on the criteria as set out above to determine whether such 
candidate is qualified for directorship;
(e)
 If the process yields one or more desirable candidates, 
the Nomination Committee shall rank them by order of preference 
based on the needs of the Company and reference check of each candidate (where applicable);


--- page 22 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
21
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
(f) Th e secretary of the Nomination Committee shall convene a meeting of the Nomination Committee. For filling a 
casual vacancy, the Nomination Committee shall make recommendations for the Board’s consideration and approval. 
For proposing candidates to stand for re-election or election at a general meeting, the Nomination Committee shall 
make nominations or recommendations for the Board’s consideration and the Board shall make recommendations to 
shareholders in respect of the proposed re-election or election of Director(s) at the general meeting;
(g)
 In order to provide information of the candidates nominated by the Board to stand for election or re-election at a
 
general meeting, a circular will be sent to shareholders. The circular will set out the names, brief biographies (including 
qualifications and relevant experience), independence, proposed remuneration and any other information, as required 
pursuant to the applicable laws, rules and regulations including the Listing Rules, of the proposed candidates; and
(h)
 The Board shall have the final decision on all matters relating to its recommendation of candidates to stand for election or 
re-election at any general meeting.
In 2025, the Nomination Committee met once to review the structure, size and diversity of the Board, nomination procedure
 
and the independence of the independent non-executive directors, and to recommend the Board on the appointment and 
reappointment of directors and the succession planning for directors.
The members of the Nomination Committee during the year and their attendance record at the meeting are as follows:
Name of member Meeting attended/Eligible to attend
   
Mr. Zhang Jian Guo (Chairman)
(appointed on 9 January 2025)
(Executive director) 1/1
Mr. Lai Nga Ming, Edmund (Independent non-executive director) 1/1
Mr. Chak Chi Shing (appointed on  
8 July 2025)
(Independent non-executive director) 1/1
Ms. Wu Jing (appointed on  
8 July 2025)
(Executive director) 1/1
Ms. Tam Mei Chu (appointed on  
31 December 2025)
(Independent non-executive director) N/A
Mr. Chan Chung Kik, Lewis (resigned 
on 31 December 2025)
(Independent non-executive director) 1/1
Mr. Qi Zi Xin (resigned as chairman on  
9 January 2025)
(Executive director) N/A
AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Audit Committee of the Board was established in 1998 in compliance with Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules with specific written 
terms of reference which deal clearly with its authorities and duties. Its terms of reference amended and adopted by the Board 
in December 2018, can be found on the Company’s website ( www.irasia.com/listco/hk/founder) and The Stock Exchange 
of Hong Kong Limited’s website (www.hkexnews.hk). As at 31 December 2025, the Audit Committee now solely comprises 
independent non-executive directors of the Company, namely, Mr. Lai Nga Ming, Edmund (Chairman), Mr. Chak Chi Shing and 
Ms. Tam Mei Chu. All the committee members possess appropriate professional accounting and financial qualifications.


--- page 23 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
22
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
The primary responsibilities of the Audit Committee include making recommendations to the Board on the appointment, 
reappointment and removal of the external auditors, approving the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external 
auditors, reviewing and monitoring the external auditors’ independence and objectivity and the effectiveness of the audit process 
in accordance with applicable standards, developing and implementing policy on the engagement of external auditors to provide 
non-audit services, monitoring the integrity of the financial statements and the reports of the Company, overseeing the Company’s 
financial reporting system, risk management and internal control systems and developing and reviewing policies and practices or 
corporate governance.
In 2025, the Audit Committee met with the independent auditors for three times. During the meetings, the Audit Committee 
reviewed the reports from the independent auditors regarding their audit on annual financial statements, review on interim 
financial results, and discussed the internal control of the Group.
The attendance report of the members of the Audit Committee at the meetings during the year are as follows:
Name of member Meetings attended/Eligible to attend
   
Mr. Lai Nga Ming, Edmund (Chairman) 
(appointed as chairman on  
31 December 2025)
(Independent non-executive director) 3/3
Mr. Chak Chi Shing (Independent non-executive director) 3/3
Ms. Tam Mei Chu (appointed on  
31 December 2025)
(Independent non-executive director) N/A
Mr. Chan Chung Kik, Lewis  
(resigned on 31 December 2025)
(Independent non-executive director) 3/3
RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
The Board has the ultimate responsibility to maintain appropriate and effective risk management and internal control systems for 
the Group to safeguard the interests of shareholders and the Group as a whole and to ensure strict compliance with relevant 
laws, rules and regulations. The Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing the effectiveness of the risk management and 
internal control systems and reporting to the Board.
The Group’s risk management and internal control systems comprise a well established organisational structure and 
comprehensive policies and standards. Areas of responsibilities for each business and functional unit are clearly defined to ensure 
effective checks and balances. Procedures have been designed for safeguarding assets against unauthorised use or disposition; 
for maintaining proper accounting records; and for ensuring the reliability of financial information used within the business or for 
publication. The Board also clarifies that the system is designed to manage, rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve 
business objectives, and can only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.
During the year, the internal audit department has carried out an overview on the effectiveness of the risk management and 
internal control systems of the Group. Based on the risk-based approach, the internal audit department continuously review and 
monitor the sufficiency of the risk control measures of every business unit of the Group and to examine if relevant measures have 
been implemented. The procedures involve assuring the existence of related risks in the first place, then assessing the levels to 
which the potential risks are attributed based on the following two risk factors, i.e., the level of significance of the risk and the 
possibility of occurrence. No material internal control aspects of any significant problems were identified. With reference to the 
assessment of the internal audit department, both the Audit Committee and the Board conducted review of the risk management 
and internal control systems maintained by the Group including the financial, operational and compliance controls and risk 
management functions for the year ended 31 December 2025 and were satisfied that the risk management and internal control 
systems of the Group had functioned effectively and was adequate during the year.


--- page 24 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
23
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
INSIDE INFORMATION DISCLOSURE POLICY
An Inside Information Policy was adopted by the Company which sets out guidelines to the directors of the Company, officers 
and all relevant employees of the Group to ensure inside information (as defined in the Listing Rules) (the “Inside Information”) of 
the Group would be disseminated to the public in equal and timely manner in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. 
The Company also established Group Internal Notification Policies and Procedures for setting out guidelines for identification and 
notification of Inside Information and notifiable transactions (as defined in the Listing Rules). A whistleblowing policy was also 
adopted by the Group.
AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION
During the year, the remuneration in respect of audit and non-audit services provided by the Company’s auditor, Ernst & Young, is 
summarised as follows:
HK$’000
  
Statutory audit services 2,980
Non-audit services:
Agreed-upon procedures on interim results 450
Agreed-upon procedures on continuing connected transactions 57
Compliance and tax advisory services 213  
720  
Total 3,700  
DIRECTORS’ AND AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company acknowledge their responsibility for the preparation of the financial statements of the Group for 
the year ended 31 December 2025 which give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company and of the Group 
on a going concern basis in accordance with the statutory requirements and applicable accounting standards. The statement 
of the Auditors of the Company about their reporting responsibilities on the financial statements of the Group is set out in the 
Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 80 to 84 of this Annual Report.
COMPANY SECRETARY
Ms Cheang Yee Wah Eva (“Ms Cheang”), who is responsible for advising the Board on corporate governance matters and 
ensuring that the Board policies and procedures, and the applicable laws, rules and regulations were followed, has been the 
company secretary of the Company since 11 May 2018. Ms Cheang has taken relevant professional trainings which are in 
compliance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules for the year ended 31 December 2025.


--- page 25 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
24
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS
The Company affirms its commitment to maintaining a high degree of corporate transparency, communicating regularly with its 
shareholders and ensuring, in appropriate circumstances, the investment community at large being provided with ready, equal 
and timely access to balanced and understandable information about the Company (including its financial performance, strategic 
goals and plans, material developments, governance and risk profile), in order to enable the shareholders to exercise their rights 
in an informed manner.
The Company’s Annual General Meeting (the “AGM”) is one of the principal channels of communication with its shareholders. 
It provides an opportunity for shareholders to ask questions about the Company’s performance. Separate resolutions will be 
proposed for each substantially separate issue at the AGM. Directors of the Company, including the Board members and 
Chairmen of the Board committees and Board committee members, and the Company’s external auditor attended the 2025 
AGM and were available to answer questions from shareholders.
Under the Listing Rules, all resolutions proposed at general meetings must be voted by poll except where the chairman of a 
general meeting, in good faith and in compliance with the Listing Rules, decides to allow a resolution which relates purely 
to a procedural or administrative matter to be voted on by a show of hands. Details of the poll procedures will be explained 
during the proceedings of general meetings. The poll results will be released and posted on the websites of the Stock Exchange  
(www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company (www.irasia.com/listco/hk/founder).
To provide effective communication, the Company adopts a Shareholders’ communication policy which aims at establishing 
a two-way relationship and communication between the Company and its Shareholders and maintains a website at 
www.irasia.com/listco/hk/founder. All the financial information and other disclosures including, inter alia, annual reports, 
interim reports, announcements, circulars, notices and Memorandum of Association and New Bye-Laws are available on the 
Company’s website. The Board has reviewed its prevailing Shareholders’ Communication Policy during the year, and believes 
the Shareholders’ Communication Policy is still appropriate and effective.
Shareholders may direct their questions about their shareholdings to the Company’s Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor 
Services Limited, at 17M Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong or contact the Customer Service Hotline 
of the Company’s Registrar at (852) 2862 8555. Shareholders may send their enquiries to the Board or the Company Secretary 
in written form to the head office and principal place of business in Hong Kong of the Company.
THE SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
Convene a Special General Meeting
Pursuant to Section 74 of the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda and Bye-law 62 of the Bye-laws of the Company, special 
general meetings shall be convened on the requisition of one or more shareholders of the Company holding, at the date of 
deposit of the requisition, not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company having the right of voting at general 
meetings of the Company. Such requisition shall be made in writing to the Board or the Secretary for the purpose of requiring a 
special general meeting to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition. Such meeting 
shall be held within three months after the deposit of such requisition. If within 21 days of such deposit, the Board fails to proceed 
to convene such meeting, the requisitionist(s) himself (themselves) may do so in the same manner.


--- page 26 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
25
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
Put forward proposals at shareholders’ meetings
Shareholder(s) representing not less than one-twentieth (5%) of the total voting rights of all the shareholders of the Company or of 
not less than 100 shareholders of the Company may by requisition, at their own expense unless the Company otherwise resolves, 
to put forward proposals at general meetings of the Company pursuant to Clauses 79 and 80 of the Companies Act 1981 of 
Bermuda (as amended). A written notice to that effect signed by the shareholder(s) concerned together with a sum reasonably 
sufficient to meet the expenses in giving effect thereto must be deposited at the registered office of the Company not less than six 
weeks before the meeting for requisition(s) requiring notice of a resolution, or not less than one week before the meeting for any 
other requisition(s).
COMPANY CULTURE
The Board plays a leading role in defining the purpose, values and strategies of the Company, and aligning them with the culture 
of the Company. The Board sets the tone and shapes the company culture of the Company, which is instilled and continuously 
reinforced by the core values of acting lawfully, ethically and responsibly across all levels of the Company. The Company 
endeavours to act responsibly and maintain accountability to its employees, shareholders, other stakeholders, as well as the 
community. The Company’s purpose, values and strategies form the foundations of the culture of the Company, which adheres to 
strong ethical values and strives for sustainable development.
DIVIDEND POLICY
Policy on Payment of Dividend of the Company is in place setting out the factors in determination of dividend payment of the 
Company, including results of operations, working capital, financial position, future prospects, and capital requirements, as well 
as any other factors which the Board may consider relevant from time to time. The policy shall be reviewed periodically and 
submitted to the Board for approval if amendments are required.
CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
The Company did not make any changes in its constitutional documents during the year.


--- page 27 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
26
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
ABOUT THIS REPORT
This Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) Report (the “Report”) aims to describe the system construction and 
performances of Founder Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) in fulfilling environmental and social 
responsibilities. This Report is published on the websites of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) 
(www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company (www.irasia.com/listco/hk/founder).The Report describes the Group’s ESG performances 
during the financial year from 1 January 2025 to 31 December 2025 (the “Year”).
Scope of reporting
The reporting scope of this ESG Report is discussed and confirmed by the senior management of the Group. This ESG Report 
covers the operating activities which are considered as material by the Group, including the operation of headquarter office and 
marketing campaigns of Beijing Founder Electronics Co., Ltd. (“Founder Electronics”), the wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group. 
The headquarter office of Founder Electronics is located at Beijing, in which its business activities represent approximately 100% 
of the Group’s total revenue.
Reporting standard
This Report is prepared in accordance with the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide (the “Guide”) as set 
out in Appendix C2 to the Listing Rules of the Stock Exchange on the basis of the four reporting principles (i.e. materiality, 
quantitative, balance and consistency).
Materiality:
 The Group reviews and defines the reporting scope based on the significance of different operations. Business
 
units and operations with significant ESG impacts are disclosed in the report.
Quantitative:
 The Group presents quantitative environmental 
and social key performance indicators (“KPIs”) as well as historical 
data in the report for comparison where applicable.
Balance: The Report aims to disclose data in an objective way, which aims to provide stakeholders with a balance
 
overview of the Group’s overall ESG performance.
Consistency:
 Unless otherwise stated, the Group adopts consistent methodologies and retrieves social and environmental KPIs 
from the Group’s internal record system. The scope of reporting and KPIs are consistent with those of the previous 
report to allow meaningful comparison over time.
Confirmation
As at the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group confirmed that it has established appropriate and effective management 
policies and internal control systems for ESG issues and confirmed that the disclosed contents are in compliance with the 
requirements of the Guide.
Feedback
The Group welcomes stakeholders to provide their opinions and suggestions. You can provide valuable advice in respect of the 
ESG Report or the Group’s performances in sustainable development at ir@founder.com.hk.


--- page 28 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
27
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
BOARD STATEMENT ON ESG GOVERNANCE
The Group has established a sustainable corporate governance structure to ensure that the measures of sustainable development 
are integrated into the operations. The Group’s corporate governance structure stipulates the responsibilities of the departments 
and subsidiaries, under the supervision of the Board of Directors (the “Board”), which has the overall responsibility for the Group’s 
ESG strategy and reporting. The Board is responsible for evaluating and determining the Group’s ESG-related risks, and ensuring 
that appropriate and effective ESG risk management and internal control systems are in place.
The Board reviews issues and policies related to the Group’s sustainable development annually, make amendments to the policies 
in a timely manner and review and approve the Report.
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
The Group values our stakeholders and their views relating to its businesses and ESG issues. One of the key approaches 
is through stakeholder engagement, which enables two-way communication to receive valuable feedback and to act on 
improvement measures. The communication channels with respective stakeholder groups are highlighted as below:
Stakeholders Communication channels Possible issues concerned
   
Shareholders and Investors •
 General meeting and 
shareholders’ meetings
•
 Financial reports, announcements 
and circulars
•
 Company’s website
•
 Company hotline and email
•
 Business strategies and sustainability
•
 Financial performance
•
 Corporate governance
Customers •
 Company hotline and email •
 Services quality and reliability
•
 Business meetings •
 Fair and reasonable pricing
•
 Customer information security
Employees •
 Employee activities •
 Training and development
•
 Training, seminars and workshops •
 Occupational health and safety
•
 Employee remuneration
•
 Equal opportunity
Suppliers •
 Business meetings •
 Fair competition
The Public •
 ESG Report •
 Investor relationship
•
 Company hotline and email
Intelligent consumption reduction, the use of resources in the headquarters office, staff training and social welfare are the m
ost 
important factors for the Company in terms of environment, society and governance, so they constitute the important reporting 
divisions in this report. Other measures related to environment, energy and climate change will be reviewed and considered by 
the Company in the next annual report.


--- page 29 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
28
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
I. ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION
The Group serves in the fields of printing, media, publishing, big data and fonts library and is committed to providing 
leading information processing technology, products, system solutions and value-added services to customers, enabling 
customers to experience an information technology life in the era of mobile Internet via different devices without time and 
space limitation. Apart from continuously enhancing business quality and providing value-added services to customers, 
the Group also recognises the importance of greater environmental stewardship and sustainable development of the 
community in order to ensure the holistic and harmonious development of our business alongside the environment and 
communities in which we operate. Throughout the past years, the Group has been actively fulfilling its corporate social 
responsibilities. It has a proven record in utilizing technology and combining comprehensive staff on-the-job training with 
its well-established governance system to actively reduce its overall impact on the environment from various aspects.
Due to the Group’s office-based business nature, the Group does not cause a significant impact on the environment. The 
Group nevertheless continuously improves existing policies and incorporates new policies with the intention of mitigating 
potential direct and indirect negative environmental impacts arising from its business operations. Further details are 
included in the part of “Resource utilisation”.
1. Carbon emission
The Group comprehensively enhanced its corporate image on both the environment and the community aspects 
and actively responded to the challenges and impact of climate changes on the global economy. Starting from 
2017, the Group discloses its carbon emission data every year and integrated energy conservation and emission 
reduction into its long-term plan, pursuant to which it has formulated corresponding carbon reduction measures 
to lower the impact of its total emission of greenhouse gases to the community and the environment. The carbon 
emission of Founder Electronics was mainly resulted from energy consumption and electricity used in computers, 
printing systems, lighting systems and information technology (“IT”) systems for its core media business as well as 
exhaust gas from commercial vehicles. As the major source of power generation in Beijing was coal burning, 
Founder Electronics has focused its work in relation to energy conservation and emission reduction by saving 
electricity and reducing consumption of resources with an aim to reduce the greenhouse gases generated from 
coal burning.
The total emission of greenhouse gases generated from purchased electricity for the year of Founder Electronics 
are as follows:
2025
2023
2022
2021
2024
TOTAL EMISSION OF GREENHOUSE GASES
GENERATED FROM PURCHASED ELECTRICITY (LAST 5 YEARS)
964,262
1,025,340
980,223
1,035,378
1,008,417
CO2e (kg)
850,000 900,000 950,000 1,000,000 1,050,000


--- page 30 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
29
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
1. Carbon emission (continued)
2025
2023
2022
2021
2024
THE TOTAL GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS 
PER EMPLOYEE (LAST 5 YEARS)
679
714
670
665
608
9000 1,000200 300 600 700 800100 400 500
CO2e (kg)
The continuous increasing trend of total emission of greenhouse gases generated from purchased electricity by 
year is mainly due to the increasing business volume of Founder Electronics and the appropriate overtime work of 
employees. The total greenhouse gas emissions per employee increased from approximately 714 kg in 2024 to 
approximately 679 kg in 2025. The Group will encourage employees to save electricity in accordance with the 
“Measurements for energy saving” in the “Resource utilization” section below.
2. Climate change
One of the major reasons for climate change which is global warming driven by human emissions of greenhouse 
gases has raised the public’s concern for many years. The Group is aware of significant climate-related issues 
such as high temperature, typhoon, flooding, wildfire or other extreme weathers, have threatened the human lives 
and economic activities. Despite having only minimal direct emissions, our Group strives to reduce the greenhouse 
gases generated from our operations so as to relieve the climate change. The Group identifies the global warming 
issue and concerns about its impacts, and commits to reduce the emissions of greenhouse gases by encouraging 
our employees to switch off lights and electronic equipment when not in use, travel to work by public transportation 
and recycle the working papers.
3. Resource utilisation
The Group worked diligently to enhance the utilization rate of various materials and resources, including energy, 
water and paper, and strive to enhance the reutilization rate and recycling rate of resources and reduce the 
amount of waste produced so as to consistently implement its environmental protection concepts to all operational 
levels and production processes. Founder Electronics always exercises stringent control over its production process 
to minimize any hazardous or non-hazardous waste to be generated from the company’s operation. By doing so, 
it has reduced waste from production, eased the pressure of waste handling of the community and enhanced the 
environmental standards of the company.
During the reporting period, the Company has no hazardous waste, and when disposing of harmless waste, the 
Company will select qualified waste-collection companies for the handling.


--- page 31 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
30
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
3. Resource utilisation (continued)
Reducing consumption by intelligent solution
Given its leading position in the printing industry and in terms of modern media technology, Founder Electronics 
actively undertook its environmental mission and launched the innovative “Founder All-in-one Solution”. The solution 
integrates printing and digital network and applies intelligent printing to the whole production process, including 
automatic review, analysis and categorization of orders as well as automatic allocation of necessary materials 
and assessment of the amount of consumables needed for the orders. The accurate data on actual volume of 
production and demand would enable more precise control over utilization of materials and thus realize printing 
on demand, resulting in significant decrease in both consumption of materials and unnecessary paper and 
improvement in production efficiency.
Reducing waste by high-end digital printing technology
The high-end digital inkjet printing technology developed by Founder Electronics can maximize the utilization 
rate of ink and reduce the amount of unnecessary unrecyclable waste with the use of recyclable toner cartridge 
and ink cartridge. Looking forward, Founder Electronics will put consistent efforts in development and innovation, 
improving its production process, and enhancing productivity with an aim to truly realise green production.
Measurements for energy saving
The Group focused on reducing various pollutants and proactively reduced the volume of waste generated and 
enhanced the utilization efficiency of resources through various methods.
Light energy
The Group reduces unnecessary lighting energy consumption; maximize the use of daylight and turn off the light 
of office rooms that are not being used; clean the lighting and lamps regularly to improve energy efficiencies; use 
lighting with high energy efficiencies (e.g. T5 fluorescent light and LED).
Air conditioning resources
The Group established policies on better use of air conditioning resources with the lowest temperature of air 
conditioner being set at 25.5℃ and turn off the air conditioner of office rooms that are not being used during the 
office hours. After work, all departments shall turn off the power supply of office equipment in time. Special email 
will be sent before every holiday to remind all employees to turn off the power supply of office equipment.
Paper resources
The Group promotes paperless office by using an electronic working system that replaces paper records and 
communicate through electronic technical equipment to reduce paper documentation.
Printing resources
The computers and printers are preset for double-sided printing and ink-saving mode; staff are reminded to print 
documents on both sides and the files to be printed may use thinner fonts and row spacing.
Water resources
To enhance the utilization efficiency of water resources, the Group can obtain the suitable water source steadily, 
lower the water pressure to the lowest possible level; install double flush toilets in the washroom; conduct leakage 
testing of concealed water pipes regularly and use the products with first-class water efficiency label.
Information and communication technology equipment
The information and communication technology equipment are completely turned off during non-office hours, and 
the computers are set to enter automatic standby and sleep mode when it is idle. A wireless network recorder 
is installed to monitor the temperature and humidity of the data center, so as to better regulate the energy 
consumption of air conditioning.


--- page 32 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
31
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
3. Resource utilisation (continued)
Measurements for energy saving (continued)
Recycling and retrieve
The headquarters office building of the Group is equipped with recycling boxes and facilities. Evaluation for the 
material consumption is needed when purchasing office supplies so as to avoid excessive inventory. The Group 
also reduces the purchase and use of disposable and non-recyclable products, such as purchasing recyclable 
toner boxes and ink cartridges.
Staff commuting
Employees are encouraged to share the use of cars and choose public transportation and green commuting to 
alleviate road burden and vehicle exhaust gas emissions.
Starting from 2017, the Group discloses its utilization of resources to the public every year, the specific details of 
recent 5 years are as follows:
THE TOTAL FUEL CONSUMPTION OF 
THE HEADQUARTERS’ SELF-OWNED VEHICLES
2,963
7,473
8,100
3,300
5,000
9,0000 10,0002,000 3,000 6,000 7,000 8,0001,000 4,000 5,000
Fuel consumption (liter)
2025
2023
2022
2021
2024
The total fuel consumption of the headquarters self-owned vehicles in 2025 was approximately 2,963 liters, a 
decrease of 60.4%, as compared to 7,473 liters in 2024. As it has reached a low level in the reporting year 
and has declined significantly year by year, the Group aims to maintain the current level in the next year.
Category Emission this year (kg)
   
Exhaust gas Sulphur oxides 0.044
Nitrogen oxides 26.7
Particulate matter 2.5
Scope GHG emission this year (CO2-e kg)  
Scope 1: Direct GHG Emissions 8,022.6
Scope 2: Energy Indirect GHG Emissions 665,267.8
Scope 3: Other Indirect GHG Emissions 179.4
Total GHG emission 673,469.9
GHG intensity (CO2-e kg/employee) 678.9


--- page 33 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
32
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
3. Resource utilisation (continued)
Due to the business nature of the Company, the non-hazardous waste produced is immaterial data, the Company 
considers to try and to collect more data and improve the report scope in the future.
Category
Energy consumption of this year
(1,000 kWh)   
Energy use Direct energy 28.7
Indirect energy 1,090.42
Total energy consumption 1,119.14
Energy intensity (1,000 kWh/employee) 1.1
Resource use Total water consumption (tonne) 201.5
Water consumption intensity  
(tonne/employee) 0.20
Total packing material used (tonne) 8
II. QUALITY OF WORKING ENVIRONMENT
1. Working environment
The Group has been actively devoting significant resources with a vision of providing a safe and comfortable 
working environment for its staff and creating a healthy, positive, harmonious and efficient corporate culture 
that supports its staff at different locations to unleash their potential and hence create more values for the 
Group continuously. The office building of headquarter rented by Founder Electronics in Beijing has an area of 
approximately 13,274 sqm. The building was divided into different sections according to departmental functions, 
which include sales department, research and development department, functional departments and public areas, 
complemented by pantries and staff rest areas, offering a spacious and comfortable working environment for 992 
staff.
2. Health and safety
Occupational health of employee
Founder Electronics always regards staff interests as the foundation of long-term corporate development and cares 
for physical and mental wellness as well as safety of its staff. We understand that the staff would be devoted to 
the Group’s business in their best conditions and continuously create values for the Group only if they have good 
physical fitness and mental being. Throughout the years, the Group has made strenuous efforts in maintaining 
occupational safety and caring for its staff. Previously, we have engaged professionals of Chinese medicine 
to organize a salon, at which the professionals made diagnosis for our staff and gave professional advice on 
healthcare. 


--- page 34 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
33
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
2. Health and safety (continued)
Operational compliance
The Group has complied with local safety regulations, striving to place safety in the first place at every operational 
level. The Group organises fire drills on a regular basis, through which the staff gain knowledge regarding fire 
safety and their safety awareness raises. In the future, Founder Electronics will continue to adhere to the core 
people-oriented principle to care for its staff from various aspects and organize different activities to enhance the 
wellness and safety awareness of its staff.
Internal policy
The Group adopts the following occupational health and safety measures to ensure the occupational safety of 
staff.
The Group has formulated “The safety management rules of Beijing Founder Electronics Co., Ltd. (北京北大方
正電子有限公司安全管理規則 )” to provide all staff of the Group with safety guidance within the office and 
working scope, as well as management rules for safety supervision. In addition, the Group has formulated “The 
comprehensive emergency plan for safety incidents of Beijing Founder Electronics Co., Ltd. ( 北京北大方正電子
有限公司安全事故綜合應急預案)” to provide emergency plans for emergencies and safety accidents caused 
by energy, fire protection, network safety and public health, so as to ensure the health and safety of staff and to 
enhance the strain capacity of the Group in continuous operation.
Employment contract
In the employment contract entered into between the Group and the staff, relevant provisions on labour protection 
and occupational hazard protection are included. For example, Article 3 states that Founder Electronics has 
to provide necessary office conditions and labour safety protection for the staff, and establish and improve the 
working process, job specification and system for labour safety and health. In addition, Article 5 also states 
that Founder Electronics has to create working environment and conditions for the staff that meet the national 
occupational health standards and health requirements, and effectively protects the safety and health of staff 
in production in accordance with the relevant national labour protection regulations. The Group has strictly 
implemented the above regulations.
In 2025, the number of work-related injuries was 2, so there was a loss of working days as 64.5 days due 
to work-related injuries. The first work-related injury occurred in Beijing, happening on the employee’s way of 
commuting. It had no direct relationship with the Company’s regulations on labor protection and occupational 
hazard prevention and it had been classified as a Grade 9 work-related injury. The second work-related injury 
occurred in Xi’an during working period. The classification of work-related injury had been reported but no 
result has been obtained yet. The subsequent handling of these 2 work-related injuries had been carried out in 
accordance with the Labor Law of the PRC. In addition, the number and rate of work-related fatalities were both 0.
3. Development and trainings
The Group always treats its staff as the most important asset and most valuable resource of the Group. They 
drive the continuous development of the Group and take the Group to new heights. The Group strives to provide 
diversified trainings for its staff at different aspects, so that its staff can gain a variety of professional knowledge 
and continue to develop their abilities, explore potential, enhance professional skills and broaden the horizons. In 
this regard, the Group launched a series of training programs, covering staff at all levels from new employees to 
senior management. Apart from free public courses organised by the Human Resources Department, the Group 
also provided diversified professional trainings targeting different business areas. In 2025, training activities 
organized by Founder Electronics attracted 3,169 participants in total. These activities have helped staff to better 
connect with the corporate culture and system and also enhanced their comprehensive capability as well as the 
capacity for sustainable development of the Group.


--- page 35 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
34
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
3. Development and trainings  (continued)
Target group for training
All kinds of training activities of the Group covered the staff of all levels and departments, including service 
positions, business of media and publishing, managers, managers and core leaders, induction and all staff, so 
that employees of all departments can have sufficient and comprehensive understanding of their jobs, industry 
development, innovative technology and corporate culture. In addition, training activities included workshops for 
workplace social and interest class. The number of participated employees from all departments is as follows:
63.2%
28.4%
2.8%
2.8%
1.5%
1.3%
PERCENTAGE OF PARTICIPANTS IN TOTAL
Service positions
Induction
Business of media and publishing
Managers
Managers and core leaders
All staff
FemaleMale
General
staff
Middle
Management
Senior
Management
02 0 3010
11.0
6.8
5.6
16.8
20.0
9.0
AVERAGE TRAINING HOURS PER CAPITA BY EMPLOYMENT TYPE


--- page 36 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
35
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
3. Development and trainings  (continued)
Target group for training (continued)
FemaleMale
General
staff
Middle
Management
Senior
Management
0 40% 60%20% 80% 100%
53.0
53.0
56.0
75.0
100.0
100.0
1&3$&/5"(&0'53"*/&%&.1-0:&&40'3&-&7"/5$"5&(03:
#:(&/%&3"/%&.1-0:&&5:1&
Founder Electronics actively organized various activities targeting different types of business for its staff with a view 
to providing them with the most thoughtful and effective staff training programs.


--- page 37 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
36
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
3. Development and trainings  (continued)
Target group for training (continued)
Training for Software Exam (軟考培訓)
During the reporting period, in order to enhance the competitiveness of the enterprise and improve the professional 
skills of employees, the Company encouraged employees to obtain intermediate and advanced qualifications 
in software exams. We organized systematic training courses such as “System Analyst” (《系統分析師》), 
“Information Security Engineer” (《信息安全工程師》) and “System Architect” (《系統架構設計師》). A total of 
75 people participated in the training, with 6 people obtaining intermediate certificates and 11 people obtaining 
advanced certificates.



--- page 38 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
37
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
3. Development and trainings  (continued)
Target group for training (continued)
“Orange Successful Start” (橙啟航) – New Staff Training
The “Orange Successful Start” – New Staff Training was held quarterly to help the new employees quickly adapt 
to the work environment, so as to integrate into the corporate culture and inherit the corporate values. This year, 
64 new employees finished training and gained a deep understanding of the company’s strategy, products and 
culture, enhancing their sense of belonging and successfully passing through the “Newcomer period” (新人期).
Application sharing of AI Technologies and Trusted Computing Technologies
To promote the widespread application of AI technologies and disseminate research findings in trusted computing, 
totaling of 22 livestream sharing sessions in AI technologies series and research findings in trusted computing 
technologies were organized. These events attracted 1,637 participants, injecting new momentum into fostering 
an innovative atmosphere.



--- page 39 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
38
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
3. Development and trainings  (continued)
Target group for training (continued)
Core cadres and reserved management training
In order to enhance the management awareness of managers, a core cadres and reserved management training 
program had been organized to help managers improve their ability to promote business results through cognitive 
training and practical exercises.
Team Workshop
In the second half of the year, the business division of EasiPrint conducted a workshop on reducing operating 
capital (運營資金壓降項目工作坊), and the business division of Font Library conducted a workshop on co-
creating path for sales model transformation (銷售模式轉型路徑共創工作坊). Forming new paths for business and 
new collaborative mechanisms, both project achievements had won the Group Innovation Engineering Award (集
團創新工程獎項).



--- page 40 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
39
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
4. Labour standards
Equal and diversified employment opportunities
The Group strives to provide equal and diversified employment opportunities for its staff and strictly complied 
with the principle of fairness and anti-discrimination. Founder Electronics respects gender equality. Staff are 
provided with the same benefits and their remuneration are determined with the same method for new recruitment, 
promotion and determining level of remuneration. Promotion is based on personal competence instead of other 
factors such as gender and age. Furthermore, Founder Electronics includes its commitment to fairness and equity in 
the Company’s rules, so that all employees are treated equally and all kinds of discrimination are strictly forbidden. 
The Group also encourages mutual respect among staff members in a view to creating a harmonious and friendly 
working environment.
In 2025, the Company had 992 regular employees, including the increase of 64 full-time employees and nil part-
time employees. In addition, the Company has 36 contract employees, including 25 interns and 11 retirees by 
reemployment. Regarding the data of part-time employees, contract employees and interns divided by gender, 
age group, employment type and region, due to the limitations of the data collected this year, it will be improved 
in the next annual report.
Ensure the rest time of staff
Moreover, the Group strictly abides by the Labour Law of the PRC and the Labour Contract Law of the PRC and 
will review its employment terms on a regular basis and issued the “Management Rules for Attendance and 
Holiday (考勤及假期管理制度)”, which effectively avoids the problem of prolonged working hours or forced 
labour and ensures the rest time of its staff by imposing stipulated number of working hours. 
Prevention of the employment of child labour
The Group strictly abides by the provision of Article 15 of the Labour Law of the PRC, Article 28 of the Law on 
the Protection of Minors of PRC and Article 2 of the Prohibition of Child Labour Provisions (Order No. 364 of 
the State Council) that all the minors under the age of 16 are forbidden to be recruited. For staff recruitment, the 
Group strictly abides by the Labour Contract Law of the PRC. Founder Electronics has established a requirement for 
minimum academic qualification for employment to ensure that no child labour is employed and only adults over 
18 years old are recruited.


--- page 41 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
40
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
4. Labour standards (continued)
A detailed classification of our staff by gender, age groups, employment type and region set out as below:
40%
36%
18%
4% 2%
EMPLOYEE BY AGE GROUPS
26–3518–25 36–45
46–55 Above 55
59.2%
40.8%
FemaleMale
EMPLOYEE BY GENDER
70%
30%
EMPLOYEE BY REGION
Headquarters, Beijing
Other region
98.4%
1.3%
0.3%
EMPLOYEE BY EMPLOYMENT TYPE
Senior Management
Middle Management (Note)
General staff
Note: The Middle Management defined as “the principal and deputy positions of the first level departments except the Senior  
Management”.


--- page 42 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
41
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
4. Labour standards (continued)
A detailed classification of staff turnover rate by gender, age groups, employment type and region set out below:
04 05 06 020 3010
Male
Female
51
8.7%
57
14.1%
STAFF TURNOVER IN NUMBER AND IN RATE BY GENDER
Turnover rate in that group (%)Turnover in total number
STAFF TURNOVER IN NUMBER AND IN RATE BY AGE GROUPS
18–25
26–35
36–45
46–55
Above 55
0 20 3010 5040
9
25%
54
13.7%
21
5.8%
19
10.7%
5
21.7%
Turnover rate in that group (%)Turnover in total number
60


--- page 43 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
42
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
4. Labour standards (continued)
75
STAFF TURNOVER IN NUMBER AND 
RATE OF THAT GROUP BY REGION
10.8%
33
11.1%
Other region
Other region
Headquarters, Beijing
Headquarters, Beijing
Turnover rate in that group (%)
06 0 9030
106
10.9%
1
7.7%
33.3%
1
Senior Management
Senior Management
Middle Management
Middle Management
General staff
General staff
Turnover rate in that group (%)
STAFF TURNOVER IN NUMBER AND 
RATE OF THAT GROUP BY EMPLOYMENT TYPE
06 09 030 120


--- page 44 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
43
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
5. Staff welfare
The Group adhere to the core people-oriented principle, respecting the rights and interests of our employees 
and has already established a comprehensive welfare system, providing its staff with statutory benefits in strict 
compliance with the provisions of the Labour Law in the PRC, Labour Contract Law of the PRC and Regulations on 
the Administration of Housing Provident Fund, the scope of which covers provident fund, pension insurance, social 
insurance, additional commercial insurance, medical insurance, unemployment insurance, maternity insurance and 
work injury insurance, etc.
Social insurance
Regarding the various bases of premium of social insurance for staff, Founder Electronics strictly complies with the 
regulations of Social Insurance Law of the PRC, implements and pays the premium in accordance with the national 
and local regulations to ensure that staff is guaranteed of statutory social protection.
Additional commercial insurance
Founder Electronics provides comprehensive medical insurance, personal accident insurance for staff and aviation 
accident insurance, in order to provide staff with better medical and accident protection and more caring as well as 
comprehensive medical benefits.
Staff dormitory
Founder Electronics offered first-class accommodation for its staff. The dormitory was equipped with thoughtful 
facilities that take care of all aspects of lives of our staff, making every effort to show its care for the staff and 
providing them with comfortable, home-like dormitory equipment. Furthermore, Founder Electronics added one 
more laundry room for the staff living in youth apartment in order to satisfy the demand for washing and drying of 
clothes, and reduce their waiting time. In addition, there were 8 old air conditioners being replaced for improving 
the quality of lives of staff. Founder Electronics ceaselessly enhanced the overall living standards of the dormitory, 
which has in turn enhanced staff morale and their sense of belonging to the company.
Other benefits
To show the Company’s care and attention to staff, Founder Electronics provides health check-ups for free.
Staff activities
Chinese New Year Festival and Blessings Sending Event 7.0 2025 by Electronics Family (
二零二五年電子家迎
春送福7.0活動)
The Chinese New Year Festival and Blessings Sending Event was a traditional employee activity of Founder 
Electronics during the Chinese New Year, letting employees to experience the values of enterprise inheriting 
traditional culture and human care in the joyful atmosphere in traditional Chinese festival, and to enhance the 
emotional connection between employees and the Company. The event in 2025 featured the activities such as 
writing couplets (寫楹聯), sending blessings (送福字), filming the blessings videos (拍攝祝福視頻), and tasting 
New Year’s delicious foods (品嘗年味美食), letting employees of Founder Electronics to experience the strong 
flavor of Chinese New Year and to welcome the new year together in an atmosphere of writing blessings 
calligraphy couplets and sending of joyful blessings.


--- page 45 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
44
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



--- page 46 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
45
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
5. Staff welfare  (continued)
Staff reward
In the aspect of environmental governance, Founder Electronics sets incentive targets for staff’s performance 
according to two criteria. One is to reward the staff who carried out the replacement of plug-in board with a small 
commemorative prize. The second is the staff who actively put forward effective suggestions on environmental 
improvement to the department of administration, who will be rewarded with an exquisite gift if the suggestions 
were adopted.
III. OPERATING PRACTICE
1. Supply chain guidance on environmental and social risks
The Group puts great emphasis on quality of supply chain management and the possible impact on the 
environment and society in the supply process, such as how to save on the transportation process of the supply 
chain, so as to reduce the emissions of greenhouse gases and pollutants released from the transportation process. 
The Company has a sound supplier management system, procurement management system, and approval 
authority for supply chain business. The selection of suppliers is strictly carried out in accordance with relevant 
systems and approval authority. The Group provides the internal guidance on the supply chain:
1.
 Taking into account the supply cycle and geographical location, priority will be given to selecting suppliers
 
in the project location and surrounding areas. Hardware products will be implemented in a “direct delivery 
model (直發模式)” to reduce transportation carbon footprint.
2. Fully implement virtual authorization and other non-physical delivery for software products; Prioritize the
 
allocation of local resources for hardware and services products to reduce logistics processes.
3. Strict qualification review must be conducted on production and processing suppliers, that must have
 
environmental compliance documents such as environmental impact grading assessments, otherwise they 
will not be allowed to enter into list of suppliers.
Execution and supervision of supply chain risk management
1.
 Supplier selection and procurement contract signing stage: Source risk prevention and control
At this stage, the core focus is on supplier compliance qualifications, supply capabilities, and potential
 
environmental and social risks, avoiding potential cooperation risks from the source and synchronously 
solidifying risk constraint clauses.
Risk Identification
Focus on investigating whether suppliers have environmental compliance qualifications (such as 
environmental impact assessment reports), whether there is a risk of excessive pollutant emissions in 
the production process, and at the same time, identify social and environmental risks such as long 
transportation radius and insufficient service adaptation in remote areas, taking into account the supply 
area of purchased products, special requirements of users, service locations, etc.


--- page 47 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
46
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
1. Supply chain guidance on environmental and social risks (continued)
Execution and supervision of supply chain risk management (continued)
1.
 Supplier selection and procurement contract signing stage: Source risk prevention and control (continued)
Execution method
After receiving the demand, procurement personnel will prioritize screening qualified suppliers who meet 
environmental standards and supply nearby. For products with longer delivery times, collaborate with
 
sales, operations, and other departments to verify the status of sales contract signing, payment progress, 
and customer on-site environment adaptation conditions. Strictly follow the Company’s approval authority 
to complete the entire approval process, ensuring that risk prediction is in place.
Supervision measures
Incorporate compliance requirements and risk prevention responsibilities into the core clauses of 
procurement contracts, clarify suppliers’ environmental obligations and default disposal methods, and 
synchronously retain approval documents and qualification verification records as the basis for subsequent 
traceability.
2.
 Product delivery and service implementation stage: process risk control
General risk management and control
Before shipment, the procurement personnel work together with the contract management position to
 
comprehensively confirm the sales contract agreement, customer payment progress, and compliance with 
delivery conditions. Priority is given to implementing the model of “supplier warehouse direct delivery to 
customer designated location (供應商倉儲地直送客戶指定地點)”, shortening the transportation radius, 
and reducing the risk of greenhouse gas emissions and pollutant generation in the logistics process. 
Synchronize the verification of customer on-site receiving and unloading conditions to avoid issues such as 
cargo loss, secondary handling, and increased scheduling caused by site discomfort.
Special product risk control
For vulnerable products and products with environmental pollution and ecological damage risks, notify 
the shipper in advance to optimize the packaging solution, take measures such as reinforcement, leakage 
prevention, and environmentally friendly packaging materials, and reduce damage, leakage, and 
environmental impact during transportation from the source; For products without physical supply such as 
virtual authorization, after confirming the shipping conditions, notify the supplier to deliver authorization, 
account and other information electronically and opening services, achieving paperless delivery throughout 
the process and eliminating environmental risks in the physical logistics process.
On site service risk control
For service products that require on-site implementation, specify the service quality in the procurement 
contract, agree on a reasonable breach ratio, and constrain suppliers to operate in a standardized 
manner. Procurement personnel regularly follow up on project progress, establish a risk warning 
mechanism, anticipate potential issues such as noise pollution, improper waste disposal, and insufficient 
personnel safety during on-site operations, intervene and rectify in a timely manner, and ensure that 
delivery and acceptance are not affected.


--- page 48 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
47
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
1. Supply chain guidance on environmental and social risks (continued)
Execution and supervision of supply chain risk management (continued)
3.
 Supplier evaluation process: long-term risk supervision and optimization
Led 
by the procurement department, the evaluation is conducted in collaboration with cross departmental 
teams such as sales, service, and technology. The evaluation dimensions include product qualification rate, 
frequency of quality accidents, price competitiveness, payment terms, cost reduction enthusiasm, on-time 
delivery rate, delivery optimization, service satisfaction, technical capabilities, and system processes.
To quantify and score the evaluation results, for suppliers with a total score below 60 marks, if there are 
no special compliance exemptions, the cooperation will be terminated immediately. At the same time, the 
evaluation results and risk rectification opinions will be feedback to the cooperating suppliers to urge them 
to optimize and improve. All evaluation records and rectification tracking documents shall be archived 
and retained as the core basis for subsequent cooperation and supplier management, forming a long-term 
monitoring loop of “evaluation, rectification, optimization, elimination (評估－整改－優化－淘汰)”.
2. Supply chain management
In response to the changes in the business environment and needs for business development, the Company 
exercises caution in introducing new suppliers while reviewing the existing structure of supply chain on a regular 
basis. 
The Company has established a comprehensive supplier evaluation and assessment system, encompassing two 
core components: “Admission Evaluation” and “Performance Assessment,” aimed at ensuring the stability and 
competitiveness of the supply chain. The specific mechanisms are as follows:
New supplier admission and selection mechanism
All newly added suppliers must undergo rigorous qualification reviews and comprehensive evaluations, and can 
only enter into cooperation after approval through the Company’s authorization system.
Introduction principle
Business Expansion: Introduce suppliers with relevant qualifications to address new business demands that the 
existing system cannot meet.
Survival of the fittest: Introduce suppliers with superior advantages in quality, price, service, or commercial terms to 
optimize supply channels through healthy competition.
Differentiated assessment
Strategic/Long-term Cooperation: Focus on evaluating the stability of long-term supply, cost competitiveness, and 
the ability to consistently provide high-quality products.
Project/Case Collaboration: Focus on evaluating the ability to meet project-specific requirements, such as delivery 
time guarantees, after-sales commitments, and technical adaptability.
On-going cooperative supplier evaluation mechanism
The Company regularly implements a supplier performance evaluation mechanism, led by the procurement 
department in collaboration with multiple departments such as development, sales, technology, and service for 
joint scoring.


--- page 49 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
48
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
2. Supply chain management (continued)
On-going cooperative supplier evaluation mechanism (continued)
Evaluation cycle
Conduct quarterly or annual comprehensive evaluations based on the nature of suppliers and product types.
Evaluation dimension
The evaluation dimensions for suppliers vary based on their service content and include, but are not limited to: 
quality, cost, service, delivery time, financial condition, technical capabilities, and system processes.
Result application
The evaluation results serve as the core basis for supplier cooperation management and the elimination mechanism 
in the following year, enabling dynamic optimization of the supply chain.
Strictly control access
Strictly implement national environmental policies during the product selection and supplier introduction stage. 
Priority should be given to cooperating with enterprises that have obtained quality management system certification 
(質量管理體系認證), ten ring certification (十環認證), and 3C certification (3C 認證). Suppliers in special fields 
must provide relevant qualification documents before admission to ensure compliance at the source.
Packaging reduction
For close range shipping, we promote minimalist packaging while ensuring safety in order to reduce resource 
consumption.
Logistics optimization
Guide customers to optimize their ordering strategies, promote the shift of ordering mode from “high-frequency with 
small quantity (高頻少量)” to “low-frequency with moderate quantity (低頻適量)”, and reduce shipping frequency 
and carbon emissions.
Green services
Promote digital services and prioritize remote technical support methods such as telephone and online meetings for 
non on-site service needs to reduce waste of travel resources.
Risk control
Establish strict transportation insurance and compensation mechanisms. Require suppliers to purchase insurance 
according to regulations. For transportation damage or environmental pollution caused by improper operation, 
in addition to requiring them to bear high compensation, they should also be recorded and pursued for 
compensation.
Field investigation
Implement regular on-site inspections of production-oriented suppliers, with a focus on production environment 
management, production personnel management, production equipment management, production efficiency 
management, etc., to ensure green and environmentally friendly production processes.


--- page 50 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
49
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
3. Source of suppliers
1
1
1
2
2
3
3
4
4
4
5
6
6
16
30
7
8
8
9
10
11
14
37
160
SUPPLIERS BY PROVINCE/REGION IN CHINA
0 100 150 20050
Guangxi
Hainan
Xinjiang
Gansu
Henan
Heilongjiang
Inner Mongolia
Hunan
Yunnan
Ningxia
Tianjin
Shaanxi
Shanxi
Hubei
Shandong
Sichuan
Liaoning
Fujian
Jiangsu
Hebei
Zhejiang
Guangdong
Shanghai
Beijing
Number of suppliers
Britain
Malaysia
Singapore
Slovakia
Sweden
Japan
1
1
1
1
1
2
Number of suppliers
OVERSEAS SUPPLIERS BY COUNTRY
02 31


--- page 51 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
50
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
4. Product responsibility
Printing development promoted by innovation products
Founder Electronics is always committed to research and development of innovative products, with a view to 
providing customers with leading information processing technology, products, solutions and value-added services 
with high efficiency and quality through enhancement in service quality of business and advanced technologies. In 
2020, the Company continued to deepen its strategic goal of realizing POD service (on-demand publishing) for 
PRC’s publishing industry, aiming at promoting the current situation of lagging behind in the process of intelligence 
and automation in the industry by pouring the resources. A comprehensive solution which is suitable for POD on-
demand printing system has been constructed, specifically including:
•
 EagleJet P5600 digital inkjet production line (
桀鷹P5600數位噴墨生產線): an industrial grading 
piezoelectric nozzle on demand, the first-to-none paper circuit design, a brand new structure of inkjet 
module, an open interface standards.
• F
ounder Yunshu Cloud Platform for Books and Periodicals Production ( 方正雲舒書刊製作雲平台): build 
a digital management platform for book production process, and get through the publishing and printing 
chain.
•
 N
ew Generation of On-Demand Intelligent Production System ( 新一代按需智慧生產體系): using digital 
printing, information and communication technology to realize the connection between people and things, 
to help enterprises construct flexible, efficient and intelligent work paradigm.
For the press, publishing and printing industries, the promotion of the progress of the industry with technique and 
technology has always been the company’s diligent pursuit, tireless exploration and development goals. In the 
future, Founder Electronics will build a Chinese version of the intelligent and digital on-demand printing factory, 
through the Internet cloud service platform to form an integrated information system as a whole with publishers and 
distributors.
The Group is in strict compliance with the stringent requirements laid down by the national and local regulatory 
authorities on customer services and products. Founder Electronics, adhering to the principle of being customer-
oriented, has developed a stringent system on controlling product quality in addition to the legal requirements, 
checking every process in respect of products and services to ensure steady and reliable quality of products, so as 
to provide the best customer service experience.
The main business of the Group is research and development of software, and there is no major production activity 
related to hardware, the products thus are not polluted to the environment and do not involve in the environmental 
protection issues. During the reporting period, there were no products sold or delivered that need to be reclaimed 
for safety and health reasons and no complaints about products and services sold.
Handling procedures for customer complaints
The Group’s handling procedures for customer complaints has the following correspondent management process, 
which describe the acceptance of customer complaints, handling of complaints, supervision of the handling 
process, confirmation of complaint results and analysis of complaints, etc., so as to ensure the timely and efficient 
handling of complaints.


--- page 52 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
51
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
4. Product responsibility (continued)
Handling procedures for customer complaints (continued)
Complaints’ acceptance and recording
The business support department has set up a complaint hotline, fax and mailbox, where a specially assigned 
person (customer service specialist) handles complaints from customers about the company’s products, services, 
sales and other aspects. The customer service specialist shall fill in the “complaint acceptance record form” in a 
timely and detailed manner to record the information and handling process of complaints from the beginning of 
accepting complaints from customers.
Handling of complaints
Handling of complaints by responsible department
The business support department shall determine the department responsible for handling the complaint and 
submit the complaint to the relevant responsible person. The responsible department includes the relevant business 
departments, regions and business departments involved in the leftover problems and complaints. The person in 
charge of handling must complete the problem analysis, preliminarily decision plan and notify the customer and 
business support department within 2 working days to ensure that the complaints are handled as soon as possible. 
The person in charge of handling shall coordinate the relevant departments to implement the solutions and timely 
inform the business support department of the service center concerning the development. If necessary, the business 
support department can participate in coordinating and solving problems.
Tracking the process by Business support department
The business support department shall follow up and supervise the handling process, and the frequency of follow-
up shall be determined according to the solution provided by the person in charge of handling, and coordinate 
with the customer if necessary.
The handling results for complaint
When the complaint is solved, the business support department will communicates with the customer to obtain 
the customer’s approval. The complaint will be filed when the handling result is approved by the customer. The 
business support department shall coordinate with the person in charge of handling if the handling result is not 
accepted by customer. If no agreement is reached by the customer and the person in charge of handling, the 
director of the business support department shall give handling opinions according to the investigation, and the 
general manager of the service center shall give handling opinions in case of serious problems. If the customer 
does not accept the final solution or adopt other solutions such as appeal, or arbitration, the business support 
department can terminate the coordination and the follow-up of this complaint.
After-complaint
After handling each complaint, the business support department shall sort out the complaint record, summarize 
and analyze the complaint, and form a report to the relevant management. The Group’s management process 
for handling customer complaints complies with the requirements of ISO 9001 quality control system. During the 
reporting year, the Group received 0 complaint.
Protection on intellectual property
The Group has developed an internal patent application process in which the patent review committee of 
the technology management department assists in reviewing the writing and the submission of application for 
technical patent documents, and employs an external patent agent to assist in patent application, so as to protect 
the intellectual property of the Group. In addition, the Group will conduct annual assessment on patents every 
year, abandon invalid patents, and carry out patent early warning locally and abroad from time to time to avoid 
infringement and being infringed. The Group also applies for and protects intellectual property in accordance with 
the Patent Law of the PRC, the Trademark Law of the PRC and the Copyright Law of the PRC.


--- page 53 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
52
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
4. Product responsibility (continued)
Verification process for product quality
The Group has developed “Test Regulations (測試規程)” internally, with a special team to verify the quality of 
software products. The verification process includes test planning, test implementation, test evaluation and program 
error handling post-product release, so as to ensure customers to receive high-quality products.
Protection on customer data
The relevant customer data is stored and maintained in the enterprise resource planning system (ERP). The Group 
sets the access authority of the corresponding operation module. Unauthorized personnel cannot access and use 
the customer data, and the aforesaid operation does not involve the export of customer so that the customers are 
protected.
5. Anti-corruption
The Group firmly opposes corruption, favoritism and irregularities. To eliminate corruption and deceit and uphold 
the principle of impartiality and integrity, Founder Electronics has formulated a series of standards and regulations 
to eliminate such acts in every business. Staff is prohibited from accepting advantages from suppliers, customers, 
colleagues and others when performing duties. The Group is also committed to promoting the style of honesty and 
justice, and have relevant management rules in relation to business ethics, integrity construction and accountability 
and responsibility for violations (商業道德及廉潔建設管理、違規責任追究的相關制度) in which the requirements 
for business ethics and integrity self-disciplined, as well as related accountability and responsibility measures have 
been specified to prevent corruptions and illegal acts, and requiring staff to comply with the ethical standards and 
develop business adhering to the highest standard of integrity, so as to enhance the overall integrity of the Group. 
During the reporting period, there were no legal cases regarding corruption practices brought against the Group 
or its employees.
Measures and trainings on Anti-corruption
When employees of the Group are inducted, they are required to participate in new employee training, including 
the promotion of content of business ethics and incorruptibility self-disciplined. When cadres of the Company 
are promoted, the new managers need to participate in compliance training, focusing on the provisions and 
requirements on anti-corruption and bribery. The legal department will also carry out the corresponding training of 
business ethics and incorruptibility construction from time to time every year.
In 2025, the Company has carried out the implementation of the spirit of the Eight point Regulation of Central 
Government (中央八項規定精神) and the special action of “strengthening work style and solving stubborn issues 
(強作風、治頑疾)” to investigate and eliminate corruption, further strengthening the discipline and rules awareness 
and the concept of integrity and compliant management of personnel at all levels, and building a solid foundation 
for high-quality development.
In 2025, the anti-corruption training of the Company was attended by a total a 69 participants, including 0 
people from senior management and 69 people from general staff.
Compliance training
On 2 December 2025, a training session titled “Empowering with Law to Strengthen Foundations, Compliance 
to Promote Development (以法賦能強根基
 合規護航促發展
)” was conducted for department general managers 
and reserve cadres, including anti-corruption content. Additionally, the “Compliance Training (合規培訓)” module 
in the “Orange Successful Start” (橙啟航) – New Staff Training covered topics related to duty integrity.
In 2025, the compliance training of Founder Electronics was mainly held in the induction training and all new 
employees were required to participate, with a total of 64 participants.


--- page 54 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
53
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
5. Anti-corruption (continued)
Reporting mechanism
The Group encourages employees to report the possible corruption of the company. Employees and departments 
of the Group both have the right and obligation to report the violations concerning such behaviours. If there is any 
reporting materials, the company will investigate the corruption and give handling comments on the results of the 
investigation.
IV. FOCUS AREAS OF CONTRIBUTIONS
As a leading enterprise in the modern printing and media technology in China, Founder Electronics leveraged its 
advantages in text information processing technology and font design, continuously launching high-quality fonts, making 
contributions in the education and culture aspects.
In the field of education, Founder Electronics continued to promote industry-academia collaboration and joint talent 
cultivation, working with universities to nurture innovative talents in AI and media convergence. The AI Converged Media 
and AIGC Training Platform launched by Founder Electronics could be deployed locally or used as a lightweight cloud 
service with instant access, while also offering free iterative upgrades. This effectively addresses the issue of depreciation 
in the invested teaching assets due to rapid technological advancements. From the deconstruction of media integration 
platforms, to news reporting planning, from precise positioning of intelligent topic selection, to efficient operation of 
integrated editorial processes, and to comprehensive layout of multimodal publishing and operation, Founder Electronics 
disassembled the AIGC system to ascertain the empowerment of media production, providing one-stop solutions for 
intensive AI production and application of multiple models such as articles, images, and audio and video. It aimed to 
cultivate the students into composite talents who not only possess profound news literacy but also proficiently use the 
advanced technology for content innovation, data analysis, and dissemination, accurately meeting the skill requirements 
of the future of news industry. In order to assist the educational institutions in better teaching the applications, Founder 
Electronics collaborated with them to establish the teaching and research groups, jointly develop teaching materials, and 
organize intensive workshop courses during holidays for practical training sessions. In August 2025, after completing 
the Spring AIGC training platform and course integration practice at the School of Journalism of Shanxi University, 
Founder Electronics collaborated with the school to organize an AI Media Convergence Practical Training Camp (AI
融媒實戰研習營). This initiative involved teaching development, course integration, and practical sharing exchanges, 
receiving unanimous recognition from participating faculty members and providing significant support for teaching efforts. 
In November 2025, Founder Electronics collaborated with education institutions such as the School of Applied Liberal 
Arts at Beijing Union University to introduce an AI media convergence training platform and autumn semester courses, 
jointly developing high-quality programs to continuously advance the reform and practice of media education. Founder 
Electronics hoped to create a teaching innovation loop through a three in one teaching design of “theory + practical 
training platform + scenario (理論+ 實訓平台+場景)”, co-creating the accompanying services with universities, and 
helping universities build a cutting-edge AI media convergence teaching system (AI融媒教學體系), so that teaching could 
radiate new vitality.



--- page 55 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
54
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
In the cultural field, Founder actively promoted the integration of calligraphy art with information technology and the 
application of Chinese characters, innovatively promoting the inheritance and development of Chinese character culture. 
In 2025, Beijing Founder Electronics Co., Ltd.* teamed up with the Guangzhou Branch of the China National Archives 
of Publications and Culture (廣州國家版本館) to release the “Founder Wen Qin Yongle Encyclopedia Font (方正文沁永
樂大典體)” of “Yongle Encyclopedia (永樂大典) Font Library”. This font library adheres to the research and development 
principle of “high standards, high quality (高標準、高品質)”, and maximizes the inheritance and reproduction of 
the original calligraphy and font style of the Ming Dynasty (明代原典). It not only accurately reproduced and tidied 
up the fonts, but also met the standards of computer fonts and modern aesthetic needs. “Founder Wen Qin Yongle 
Encyclopedia Font (方正文沁永樂大典體)” strictly follows the national font standards, including 6,763 commonly used 
simplified Chinese characters, as well as considering the usage compatibility with Hong Kong, Macao, Taiwan, and 
overseas. It has constructed 13,053 traditional Chinese characters and corresponding Western languages, numbers, 
and symbols, totaling 42,000 characters. After the font was released, more than 50 units including 8 medias of central 
government, propaganda departments of municipal committees (市委宣傳部) at or above the provincial level, relevant 
units of the provincial propaganda and cultural system, and medias from Hong Kong and Macao became the first batch 
of authorized units. In addition, the “Founder Wen Qin Yongle Encyclopedia Font (方正文沁永樂大典體) Library Public 
Welfare Plan (字庫公益計劃)” had also been launched simultaneously, granting free authorization for the public use 
of this font as welfare to party and government offices, public institutions, media units, public welfare organizations, 
and individuals nationwide. Authorized units or individuals could apply font content to various public welfare purposes, 
including public welfare activities, public welfare advertisements, public welfare videos, public welfare books, public 
welfare exhibition boards, public welfare posters, brochures, and other forms and media promotion projects, to promote 
the traditional Chinese calligraphy elegance into various industries, integrate into the daily life of the public, and 
comprehensively, multi-dimensional, and three-dimensional spread the beauty of Chinese characters.



--- page 56 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
55
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
V. AN OVERVIEW OF SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
Pursuant to the Appendix C2 of Listing Rules, the Company has complied with the relevant laws and regulations of 
Environmental, Social and Governance Indicator as follows:
Environmental, Social and 
Governance Aspect Compliance with National Laws and Regulations Internal Policies   
A Environmental Law of the PRC on the Prevention and Control of  
 Environmental Pollution by Solid Wastes 
Law of the PRC on the Environmental Protection
–
B1 Employment Labour Law of the PRC
Labour Contract Law of the PRC 
Social Insurance Law of the PRC 
Prohibition of Child Labour Provisions
Regulation on Management of Housing 
 
Provident Fund
Management  
Rules for Attendance  
and Holiday
B2 Health and Safety Labour Law of the PRC 
Work Safety Law of the PRC
Regulation on Work-Related Injury Insurances
The safety management rules  
of Beijing Founder  
Electronics Co., Ltd. 
The comprehensive emergency  
plan for safety accidents of  
Beijing Founder  
Electronics Co., Ltd.
The assessment rules for 
safety production of Beijing 
Founder Electronics Co., Ltd.
B4 Labour Standard Labour Law of the PRC
Labour Contract Law of the PRC 
Law on the Protection of Minors of the PRC
Prohibition of Child Labour Provisions
Management  
Rules for Attendance  
and Holiday
B5 Supply Chain Management – Supplier Introduction  
Rules
B6 Product Responsibility Patent Law of the PRC
Copyright Law of the PRC
Trademark Law of the PRC
Testing Regulation
B7 Anti-corruption Criminal Law of the PRC
Company Law of the PRC 
Anti-Money Laundering Law of the PRC
Law of the PRC on Anti-Unfair Competition
Management rules for 
business ethics and integrity 
construction


--- page 57 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
56
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
VI. ADDRESSING CLIMATE CHANGE
Climate change has become a significant structural factor impacting the global economy and industrial operations, 
affecting corporate infrastructure security, supply chain stability, and long-term business development through extreme 
weather, energy transition, and regulatory changes.
To enhance the transparency and consistency of climate-related information disclosure, the Group has incorporated 
climate change-related risks and opportunities into its risk management, strategic planning, and decision-making. It 
promotes climate-related work through four core dimensions: governance, strategy, risk management, and indicators and 
objectives. Furthermore, it continuously improves its climate governance framework by referencing the Guide and the 
International Financial Reporting Standards Board (“ISSB”) framework for Climate-Related Disclosures (“IFRS S2”).
1. Governance
The Group attaches great importance to the potential impact of climate change on its operations and long-term 
development, and has incorporated climate-related issues into its corporate governance and risk management 
system. The Board of Directors, as the highest decision-making and oversight body, is responsible for the overall 
oversight of the management direction of climate-related risks and opportunities, and regularly reviews relevant 
strategies and management measures to ensure that climate factors are appropriately considered in corporate 
decision-making and long-term development planning.
Under the guidance of the Board, management is responsible for the day-to-day management of climate-related 
work, including identifying and assessing climate-related risks and opportunities, promoting the implementation of 
relevant management measures, and coordinating data collection and analysis across business units to support 
climate-related management and information disclosure.
Meanwhile, the Group also engages external consultant with relevant expertise to provide professional advice on 
climate risk assessment, scenario analysis, and information disclosure, in order to continuously improve the Group’s 
capabilities and standards in climate management and related information disclosure.
2. Strategy
To enhance the systematic and forward-looking nature of its assessment of climate-related risks and opportunities, 
the Group, considering its operating locations and the business characteristics of the digital technology, printing, 
and publishing industries, employs a qualitative climate scenario analysis approach to identify and assess climate-
related risks and opportunities across short-, medium-, and long-term timeframes. In the analysis process, we 
comprehensively consider the Group’s operating locations, asset distribution, business model, and value chain 
structure to assess the potential impact of different climate scenarios on the Group’s operations and financial 
condition.


--- page 58 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
57
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
2. Strategy (continued)
Climate Scenario Analysis
Scenario Selection  
Entity risk The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Sixth Assessment 
Report (AR6) Shared Socioeconomic Pathway (SSP):
•
 Low Emissions Scenario: SSP1–2.6
•
 High Emissions Scenario: SSP5–8.5
Transformation risk International Energy Agency (IEA):
•
 Low Emissions Scenario: Net Zero Emissions by 2050 (NZE), 
consistent with the Paris Agreement’s temperature control targets
•
 High Emissions Scenario: Stated Policies Scenario (STEPS)
Assessment Scope and Methods  
The scope of this climate-related scenario analysis is consistent with the scope of the ESG report for this reporting 
period, including the Company and its subsidiaries. The Group uses “potential impact level” and “earliest 
expected occurrence time” as the main references to assess climate-related risks and opportunities.
Level of Potential Impact
  
 Lower risk The risk is unlikely to materialize within the “expected timeframe” and 
its “potential impact” on the Group is expected to be limited within the 
corresponding “expected timeframe”.
 Medium risk The risk has a moderate probability of materializing within the “expected 
timeframe” and is expected to have a moderate “potential impact” on the 
Group within the corresponding “expected timeframe”.
 Higher risk This risk is more likely to materialize within the “expected timeframe” and is 
expected to have a significant “potential impact” on the Group within the 
corresponding “expected timeframe”.
Range of Time
  
Short-term Before 2030
Medium-term 2030–2050
Long-term Beyond 2050


--- page 59 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
58
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
2. Strategy (continued)
Climate Scenario Analysis (continued)
Relevant Assumptions
In identifying and assessing climate-related risks and opportunities, the Group establishes analytical assumptions on 
climate-related issues, taking into account its own business model, operating locations, and industry characteristics, 
and referencing relevant policies and market development trends.
Regarding physical risks, the Group assumes that factors such as extreme weather, sea-level rise, and rising 
temperatures may impact the operation of operating facilities, information systems, and supply chain stability, and 
may increase operating and equipment maintenance costs. Regarding transformation risks, the Group assumes 
that stricter climate-related policies and regulatory requirements, as well as increased market focus on low-carbon 
development, may impact product development, operating costs, and business strategies.
Regarding transformation opportunities, the Group believes that the trends of low-carbon development and digital 
transformation may create new development opportunities for product and service upgrades and the expansion of 
green cooperation.
The above assumptions are primarily used to support the analysis and assessment of climate risks and 
opportunities. The Group will update these assumptions in a timely manner based on business development and 
changes in the external environment.
Climate Scenario Analysis Results
Climate-related risks
Entity risk SSP 1–2.6 Scenario SSP5–8.5 Scenario
Before 
2030
2030–
2050
Beyond 
2050
Time range 
of impact of
Before 
2030
2030–
2050
Beyond 
2050
Time range 
of impact of   
Acute risks – extreme 
weather event
• • • Long-term • • • Medium-term
Chronic risks – sea-level rise • • • Long-term • • • Long-term
Chronic risks – increase in 
average temperature
• • • Long-term • • • Long-term
 Lower risk   Medium risk   Higher risk


--- page 60 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
59
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
2. Strategy (continued)
Climate Scenario Analysis Results (continued)
Climate-related risks (continued)
Under the SSP1–2.6 low-emission scenario, the climate-related entity risks identified by the Group are assessed 
as low-risk in the short, medium, and long term. Based on the scenario analysis, the potential impact of acute risks 
(such as typhoons, extreme rainfall, floods, and heat waves) and chronic risks (such as sea-level rise and average 
temperature rise) on the Group’s operating arrangements and cost structure is generally limited and does not show 
a significant escalation trend.
Under the SSP5–8.5 high-emission scenario, although the cumulative effects of climate change may manifest in 
the medium to long term, based on the Group’s existing operating layout and risk management arrangements, the 
relevant acute and chronic entity risks are still assessed as low-risk in the short term. In the future, the Group will 
strengthen its climate adaptability and risk management system to address medium- and long-term entity risks and 
ensure the resilience and sustainable development of its business under more severe climate scenarios.
Transformation risk NZE Scenario STEPS Scenario
Before 
2030
2030–
2050
Beyond 
2050
Time range 
of impact of
Before 
2030
2030–
2050
Beyond 
2050
Time range 
of impact of   
Policy and legal risk – 
tightening of carbon 
emission regulation
• • • Medium to 
Long-term
• • • Long-term
Policy and legal risk – 
mandatory climate 
disclosure requirement
• • • Long-term • • • Long-term
Technological risk – low 
carbon technology 
transformation
• • • Long-term • • • Long-term
Market risk – change in 
preference of customers
• • • Medium-term • • • Medium-term
Reputational risk – increase 
in concern of stakeholders
• • • Short-term • • • Medium-term
 Lower risk   Medium risk   Higher risk


--- page 61 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
60
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
2. Strategy (continued)
Climate Scenario Analysis Results (continued)
Climate-related risks (continued)
Under the NZE low-emission scenario, the transition risk is assessed as low in the short, medium, and long term, 
indicating that the Group is well-prepared to fulfill its carbon emission and climate-related disclosure obligations, 
promote low-carbon technology transformation, and meet green market demands amidst the accelerated low-
carbon transition. This demonstrates its ability to adapt to an increasingly stringent market and regulatory 
environment.
Under the STEPS high-emission scenario, the transition risk remains low in the short term, but gradually increases 
to medium risk from 2030 onwards. This reflects the potential impact of policy uncertainty and market changes 
on compliance costs and the competitive environment. Failure to complete the low-carbon technology transition 
in a timely manner will expose the Group to potential market and reputational risks, thereby affecting its long-term 
operational stability and market competitiveness.
Overall, the transition risk exhibits a time-varying trend across different scenarios, but current assessments indicate 
that the risk remains manageable. The Group will continue to implement relevant measures to effectively address 
future challenges and ensure the sustainable development of its business.
Climate-related opportunities
Opportunities Related assumptions Expected time to completion
   
Products and services
We assessed the expected timing of 
climate-related opportunities for businesses 
as they transition to net zero.
Medium-term
Meeting the market’s digital needs Short-term
Seeking cooperation opportunities 
under the trend of green 
procurement
Short-term
Scenario analysis results indicate that the Group’s climate-related transition opportunities are concentrated in 
the short to medium term (before 2050). In the short term, opportunities related to meeting market demands for 
digitalization and seeking cooperation opportunities under the green development trend are particularly prominent. 
By promoting the application of digital publishing technologies and transforming its high-carbon inkjet printing 
business towards green and low-carbon practices, the Group can not only improve production efficiency and 
reduce energy costs but also improve its environmental performance. Furthermore, product and service optimization 
and upgrading also present important opportunities to enhance competitiveness and reduce operational risks. This 
transformation will help the Group gain a favorable position in a market environment with increasing demand 
for green technologies and sustainable products, particularly in the areas of information product sales, digital 
publishing systems, and hardware and software solutions, enabling it to provide customers with greener and more 
efficient technological solutions, thereby achieving sustainable development in the market.


--- page 62 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
61
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
2. Strategy (continued)
Potential Impacts
Entity risks Impact on business model Impact on the value chain Potential financial impact    
Extreme weather 
events
May affect the operation 
of office spaces and 
information systems, 
impacting daily operations 
and service delivery.
It may affect the stability of 
power, network and cloud 
infrastructure, impacting 
system services and data 
processing.
May increase equipment 
maintenance, system 
recovery and emergency 
management costs, and 
in extreme cases, impact 
service delivery and revenue.
Sea level rise This could potentially impact 
the long-term operational 
safety of facilities in some 
coastal areas.
This may affect the 
operational stability of some 
suppliers or partners.
May increase facility 
maintenance or operational 
adjustment costs.
Average rise in 
temperature
This may increase the 
demand for temperature 
control management in 
office spaces and equipment 
rooms.
This could increase the 
energy demand for 
information equipment and 
data centers.
This may increase operating 
costs related to energy and 
equipment maintenance.
Transformation risks Impact on business model Impact on the value chain Potential financial impact
    
Policy and legal risk
Tightening of carbon  
emission regulations
Carbon emission and 
environmental management 
need to be strengthened to 
comply with relevant policy 
requirements.
Suppliers may need to 
cooperate to improve their 
environmental management 
level.
May increase the costs of 
compliance management 
and related information 
disclosure.
Mandatory climate  
disclosure 
requirements
It is necessary to continuously 
improve the management 
and information disclosure 
mechanisms for climate-
related data.
Promote greater transparency 
of environmental data across 
the supply chain.
May increase the costs of 
report preparation, review, 
and system management.
Technological risk
Low-carbon technology 
transformation
Products and services need 
to be continuously optimized 
to adapt to the low-carbon 
development trend.
Encourage partners to 
enhance their low-carbon 
technology capabilities.
This may involve technology 
upgrades and R&D 
investment.
Market risk
Changes in preference 
of customers
The market is gradually 
shifting towards digital 
publishing and online 
content distribution, which 
may affect the demand for 
some traditional printing-
related products.
Demand for inkjet equipment 
and related products may 
fluctuate, reducing reliance 
on the paper publishing 
market.
If the business structure is not 
adjusted in a timely manner, 
related business revenue 
may be affected.
Reputational risk
Increase in concern of 
stakeholders
Climate and environmental 
performance can affect 
a company’s brand and 
market trust.
Promote the improvement 
of ESG management in the 
value chain.
Reputational risks may affect 
investors’ confidence and the 
finance environment.


--- page 63 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
62
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
2. Strategy (continued)
Potential Impacts (continued)
Climate-related 
opportunities Impact on business model Impact on the value chain Potential financial impact    
Products and services The Group can enhance its 
product competitiveness by 
developing high-efficiency, 
low-energy digital inkjet 
technology and intelligent 
production equipment.
Promote sustainable sourcing 
of raw materials.
•
 Increase in demand for 
low-carbon products 
can enhance revenue, 
competitiveness, and 
market share.
•
 Partnerships with 
sustainable brands 
or organizations can 
create new business and 
revenue opportunities.
Meeting the market’s 
digital needs
The Group’s font library, 
digital content assets and 
licensing services can meet 
the market’s digital needs.
Strengthen technical 
cooperation with application 
software developers to 
expand the application 
scenarios of font products.
This will help expand the 
scale of font and digital 
content services, increase 
the proportion of related 
business revenue, and 
enhance brand influence.
Seeking cooperation 
opportunities under 
the trend of green 
procurement
Customers incorporating 
carbon emissions into their 
purchasing decisions may 
drive the development of 
low-carbon inkjet products.
Expand supply chain 
cooperation opportunities by 
partnering with companies 
that possess low-carbon 
technologies and digital 
capabilities.
It helps to expand the 
opportunities for large clients 
or projects and optimize the 
client’s structure.


--- page 64 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
63
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
3. Risk Management
The Group has established a risk management system to systematically identify, assess, and manage various 
operational risks, including climate-related risks. Climate factors have been gradually integrated into the Group’s 
overall risk management system and are continuously managed through existing risk identification, assessment, 
and monitoring mechanisms to enhance the Group’s ability to cope with the potential impacts of climate change.
Under the existing risk management mechanism, the Group regularly reviews climate issues related to its business 
operations and systematically analyzes the potential impacts of climate change through steps such as risk 
identification, assessment, prioritization, and management. Based on the assessment results, the Group formulates 
corresponding management measures and continuously monitors changes in relevant risks to enhance the Group’s 
operational resilience under different climate scenarios.
Risk identi/f_ication
Based on its business model, operating locations and value chain characteristics, 
the Group identi/f_ies climate-related risks and opportunities that may affect the 
Group‘s operations and development, and establishes the relevant list.Risk assessment
Within the framework of climate scenario analysis, the Group assesses the 
potential impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on its operations and 
/f_inances from two dimensions: the degree of potential impact and the timeframe 
for the impact to occur.
Risk priority ranking Based on the assessment results, the Group prioritized climate-related risks and 
focused on risks with signi/f_icant impact or those that may occur in the short term.Risk management
In response to the identi/f_ied and prioritized climate-related risks, the Group has 
developed corresponding countermeasures and continues to monitor and review 
these risks.


--- page 65 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
64
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
3. Risk Management (continued)
Climate Risk and Opportunity Response Measures
To manage the identified risks, we have implemented several targeted measures based on the assessment results 
of climate-related risks and opportunities:
Entity risk Related measures
  
Extreme weather events • Continuously assess the climate exposure of key operating locations and 
data service facilities, and improve emergency management and business 
continuity arrangements during extreme weather events such as typhoons 
and heavy rains;
• Strengthen data backup and system disaster recovery mechanisms to ensure 
the stable operation of core business systems and online services.
Rise in sea level • Regularly assess the geographical and climatic risks of operating facilities 
and warehousing and logistics layouts, and incorporate relevant factors into 
operation and facility site selection;
• Optimize facility and logistics layouts as necessary to reduce reliance on 
high-risk areas.
Increase in average 
temperature
• Continuously optimize temperature control management in office spaces and 
equipment rooms to ensure the stable operation of IT equipment and servers;
• Strengthen equipment monitoring and preventative maintenance to reduce 
the impact of high temperatures on equipment operation.


--- page 66 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
65
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
3. Risk Management (continued)
Climate Risk and Opportunity Response Measures (continued)
Transformation risk Related measures  
Tightening of carbon 
emission regulation
•
 Continuously monitor domestic and international policy developments 
regarding carbon emissions in the inkjet printing industry and assess their 
potential impact on card manufacturing business as early as possible;
•
 Enhance disclosure processes and compliance management capabilities to 
mitigate compliance risks arising from regulatory changes.
Mandatory climate 
disclosure requirement
•
 Continuously strengthen the management and disclosure of greenhouse gas 
emissions and climate-related risks to ensure consistency and auditability of 
relevant content;
•
 Establish and improve processes for the collection, internal review, and 
disclosure of climate and environment-related data.
Low carbon technology 
 
transformation
•
 Promote the upgrading of inkjet printing technology, manufacturing 
processes, and IT infrastructure towards low energy consumption and 
digitalization to reduce carbon footprint.
Change in preference of 
customers
•
 Incorporate sustainable energy and raw materials into cost and supply 
stability considerations in procurement strategies;
•
 If the revenue share related to inkjet equipment and consumables faces a 
decline, the Group can increase investment in other business segments.
Increase in concern of 
stakeholders
•
 By maintaining communication with key stakeholders, we understand 
their concerns and expectations regarding environmental and climate 
performance, and gradually incorporate sustainable development and 
carbon reduction considerations into our operational planning.


--- page 67 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
66
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
3. Risk Management (continued)
Climate Risk and Opportunity Response Measures (continued)
Climate-related opportunitiesRelated measures  
Products and services •
 Increase R&D investment to improve the green performance of existing 
products, promote the application of low-carbon, energy-saving and 
environmental protection technologies in products, and develop new “AI + 
publishing” combination solutions according to market demand.
Meeting the market’s digital
 
needs
•
 Expand the scale of digital font services to meet the diverse needs of digital 
publishing and mobile applications.
Seeking cooperation 
opportunities under 
the trend of green 
procurement
•
 Promote the inclusion of new inkjet products in the green supply chain 
certification system to meet the low-carbon procurement access requirements 
of governments and large enterprises;
•
 Establish long-term partnerships with upstream suppliers with ESG 
commitments to enhance brand competitiveness through green procurement 
solutions.
4. Indicators and Objectives
To more effectively manage climate-related risks and opportunities, the Group has gradually established a climate-
related indicator monitoring mechanism to continuously track its environmental performance and greenhouse gas 
emissions during operations. These indicators primarily cover data on energy use and greenhouse gas emissions, 
serving as a key basis for assessing the Group’s climate management effectiveness.
During the reporting period, the Group continuously improved its greenhouse gas emission data collection and 
management processes, and disclosed greenhouse gas emissions under Scope 1 and Scope 2 in accordance 
with relevant disclosure requirements to enhance the transparency of climate-related information disclosure.
Currently, the Group is gradually improving its climate management-related systems and data management 
capabilities, and continues to monitor climate-related regulatory trends. In the future, as its data foundation and 
management capabilities mature, the Group will assess the feasibility of Scope 3 greenhouse gas emission 
accounting to gain a more comprehensive understanding of carbon emissions across the value chain.


--- page 68 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
67
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
5. Supplementary Disclosure of Climate-Related Information
To further enhance the completeness of climate-related information disclosure, the Group provides the following 
supplementary explanations regarding certain climate-related disclosure matters.
During the reporting period, the Group conducted a qualitative analysis of the potential impact of climate-related 
risks and opportunities on its business model, value chain, and financial performance, and continuously improved 
its relevant management and data collection mechanisms. Simultaneously, in its climate scenario analysis, the 
Group referenced relevant scenarios published by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) and 
the International Energy Agency (IEA) to assess the potential climate-related risks and opportunities under different 
climate scenarios.
Due to current data infrastructure and system limitations, the Group has not yet quantitatively disclosed certain 
climate-related financial impacts, the proportion of assets and business activities, climate-related capital 
expenditures or investments, etc., nor has it established a formal internal carbon pricing mechanism or 
incorporated climate-related performance into its compensation incentive mechanism. Furthermore, the Group 
has not yet set specific quantitative climate-related targets or long-term net-zero emission targets, and did not use 
carbon credits to offset carbon emissions during the reporting period.
In the future, as its climate management capabilities and data infrastructure gradually improve, the Group will 
continue to assess the quantitative disclosure of relevant indicators and the setting of climate-related targets, and 
will gradually promote carbon reduction efforts through improving energy efficiency and optimizing operational 
management.
CONCLUSION AND PROSPECT
Founder Electronics will continuously invest the resources on research and development and actively promote the integration 
among technology, education and culture. During the development process of Font Library in computer and AI technology 
applications and other aspects, Founder Electronics has invested professional human resources including font designers and 
engineers of research and development so as to improve font library development efficiency, and has continued to cultivate and 
train relevant professionals. In the process of promoting the inheritance and development of Chinese character culture, on the one 
hand, Founder Electronics continues to explore the integrated development path of culture and AI, advancing China’s exquisite 
calligraphy into the AI era through “The Application of AI in the Design of Exquisite Chinese Font Library (中華精品字庫)”. This 
demonstrates how artificial intelligence drives innovation and fosters the inheritance and development of traditional Chinese 
culture; On the other hand, Founder Electronics is actively mobilizing communication resources, giving full play to the advantages 
of media communication, and helping to enhance the attention and influence of Chinese character culture in the public.


--- page 69 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
68
BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. Zhang Jian Guo, aged 56, is an executive director of the Company since June 2022. He is appointed as the president of 
the Company and chairman of the Board in December 2024 and January 2025 respectively. He is a director, general manager 
and authorised representative of Beijing Founder Electronics Co., Ltd. (北京北大方正電子有限公司) (“Founder Electronics”), a 
subsidiary of the Company. Mr. Zhang received his bachelor degree in information mathematics from Peking University and his 
master degree in Business Administration at Guanghua School of Management of Peking University. Mr. Zhang is a director of 
the Chinese Information Society of China (中國中文信息學會理事), the head of the Professional Committee of Chinese Character 
Font Information (漢字字形信息專業委員會主任委員), a deputy head of the Chinese Character Font Design and Research 
Centre (中國文字字體設計與研究中心副主任), a member of the National Language and Character Standardization Technical 
Committee (全國語言文字標準化技術委員會委員). Mr. Zhang has extensive business and management experience in the key 
business areas of Founder Electronics.
Mr. Wang Jin Chao, aged 51, is an executive director of the Company since July 2023. He holds the position of general 
manager of the planning and operation department of New Founder Holdings Development Company Limited* (“New Founder”) 
(新方正控股發展有限責任公司, the indirect substantial shareholder of the Company). He had served in multiple positions at Ping 
An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd. (“Ping An”) (中國平安保險(集團)股份有限公司) (stock code: 2318), a company 
listed on the main board (the “Main Board”) of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) (the substantial 
shareholder of the Company) and its subsidiaries and had also worked at an international firm of Certified Public Accountants. He is 
also the director of several subsidiaries of the Company. He is a non-independent director of China Hi-Tech Group Co., Ltd. 
(中國高科集團股份有限公司) (stock code: 600730), a company in which 20.03% of equity interest is indirectly held by New 
Founder since June 2023. Mr. Wang received his Master’s degree in Business Administration from Tsinghua University. He holds 
the professional qualifications of Chinese Certified Public Accountant, Chartered Financial Analyst and Financial Risk Manager. 
He has solid professional skills and rich management experience in the aspects of corporate financial management, strategic 
management, and planning and operation.
Mr. Guo Song, aged 46, is an executive director of the Company since January 2025. He is the senior expert of asset 
management department of New Founder and the vice president of Founder Electronics. He is a director of an associated 
company of New Founder and several subsidiaries of the Company. Since 2013, he has held various positions in Ping An and 
its subsidiaries. Mr. Guo obtained a Bachelor’s degree in Engineering from Jilin University in 2002 and a Master’s degree from 
York University in 2010. He is a mid-level economist in China and has obtained qualifications in various fields such as securities 
and funds. He has a solid professional foundation and rich management experience in corporate investment management and 
financial management.
Mr. Xu Chengjie, aged 42, is an executive director of the Company since January 2025. He serves as the general manager of 
asset management department of Founder Information Industry Co., Ltd.* (方正信息產業有限責任公司) (“Founder Information”), 
the substantial shareholder of the Company. He is a director of several associated companies of New Founder and a subsidiary 
of the Company. He has held various positions in Ping An and its subsidiaries, and has worked in multiple international 
accounting firms, consulting firms, and investment management companies. Mr. Xu obtained a Bachelor’s degree from Carleton 
University in Canada. He has a solid professional foundation and rich management experience in corporate investment 
management, strategic management, and financial management.
Mr. Li Shuo Feng, aged 40, is an executive director of the Company since April 2024. He is a senior director of department 
of capital operations of New Founder. He is a director of an associated company of New Founder and a subsidiary of the 
Company. Mr. Li received a bachelor’s degree of accountancy from Renmin University of China in 2009 and received a master’s 
degree of business administration from The Chinese University of Hong Kong in 2023 respectively. He has been a Chinese 
Certified Public Accountant in an international firm of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Li has extensive business experience and 
managerial experience in the aspect of finance and treasury management.
* For identification purpose only


--- page 70 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
69
BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Ms. Wu Jing, aged 44, is an executive director of the Company since October 2022. She is the general manager of legal 
compliance department of Founder Information and supervisor of Founder Electronics. Ms. Wu received her bachelor’s degree 
in civil and commercial law from East China University of Political Science and Law in 2004, she received a master’s degree in 
international commercial law from Vrije University Amsterdam in 2005 and a master’s degree in international law and European 
Union Law from University of Amsterdam in 2007. Ms. Wu has extensive business experience and managerial experience in the 
field of law, especially international law.
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. Lai Nga Ming, Edmund, aged 42, is an independent non-executive director of the Company since April 2020. He is the 
company secretary of Luxxu Group Limited (stock code: 1327), a company listed on Main Board of the Stock Exchange. Mr. Lai 
received a Bachelor of Arts (Honours) in Accountancy from The Hong Kong Polytechnic University and is a member of the Hong 
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). He has accumulated extensive experience in auditing and accounting 
by working in various international firms of Certified Public Accountants, listed and multinational companies in Hong Kong.
Mr. Chak Chi Shing, aged 45, is an independent non-executive director of the Company since June 2023. He holds a 
Bachelor’s degree in commerce in Accounting and Finance from Curtin University of Technology. He is a certified public 
accountant of HKICPA and Certified Public Accountant Australia. Mr. Chak has extensive experience in auditing, accounting, 
corporate finance and financial management and years of experience in company secretarial matter and corporate governance 
in listed companies. Mr. Chak is the chief financial officer and company secretary of Shangshan Gold International Holdings 
Limited (formerly known as Tokyo Chuo Auction Holdings Limited) (stock code: 1939), a company listed on the Main Board of the 
Stock Exchange. He has been an independent non-executive director of (i) SDM Group Holdings Limited (stock code: 8363) from 
May 2019 to November 2024; (ii) China Energy Storage Technology Development Limited (stock code: 1143), a company 
listed on the Main Board of Stock Exchange from June 2021 to September 2023; (iii) Sunyes Electronics Manufacturing (Zhejiang) 
Co., Ltd* (stock code: 002388), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange since February 2023; and (iv) Net Pacific 
Financial Holdings Limited (stock code: 5QY), a company listed on the Singapore Exchange since November 2023.
Ms. Tam Mei Chu , aged 38, is an independent non-executive director of the Company since December 2025. She holds a 
Bachelor of Business Administration (Honours) in Accounting from the Hong Kong Metropolitan University (formerly known as the 
Open University of Hong Kong) in Hong Kong. She is a member of the HKICPA and a practicing certified public accountant in 
Hong Kong. She has extensive experience in auditing and company secretarial services. She serves as a company secretary of 
(i) China Energy Storage Technology Development Limited (stock code: 1143), a company listed on the Main Board the Stock 
Exchange; (ii) Hong Kong Entertainment International Holdings Limited (stock code: 8291), a company listed on the GEM; (iii) 
Ju Fu Tang Biotech Holdings Co., Ltd (formerly known as “WMHW Holdings Limited”) (stock code: 8217), a company listed on 
the GEM; (iv) China 33 Media Group Limited (stock code: 8087), a company listed on the GEM; and (v) Aidigong Maternal 
& Child Health Limited (stock code: 286), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange. She has served as an 
independent non-executive director of (i) Minerva Group Holding Limited (stock code: 397), a company listed on the Main Board 
of the Stock Exchange, since March 2023; and (ii) Link Holdings Limited (stock code: 8237), a company listed on the GEM, 
from May 2023 to January 2025.
* For identification purpose only


--- page 71 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
70
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
The directors present their report and the audited financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025.
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. Details of the principal activities of the principal subsidiaries are set 
out in note 1 to the financial statements. There were no significant changes in the nature of the principal activities of the Company 
and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”) during the year.
RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS
The Group’s profit for the year ended 31 December 2025 and the Group’s financial position at that date are set out in the 
financial statements on pages 85 to 171.
The directors do not recommend the payment of any dividend in respect of the year.
BUSINESS REVIEW
A review of the business of the Group during the year and a discussion on the Group’s future business development, possible 
risks and uncertainties that the Group may be facing are set out in the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” on 
pages 4 to 14 of the annual report.
The financial risk management objectives and policies of the Group are set out in note 39 to the financial statements.
An analysis of the Group’s performance during the year using financial key performance indicators is set out in the sections 
headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” on pages 4 to 14 and “Financial Highlights” on page 3 of the annual report.
Discussion on the Group’s environment policies, relationships with its employees, customers, suppliers and other key stakeholders 
and compliance with relevant laws and regulations which have a significant impact on the Group are set out in the section 
headed “Environmental, Social and Governance Report” on pages 26 to 67 of the annual report.
SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION
A summary of the published results and assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests of the Group for the last five financial years, as 
extracted from the audited financial statements, is set out on page 174. This summary does not form part of the audited financial 
statements.
SHARE CAPITAL
Details of movements in the Company's share capital during the year are set out in note 28 to the financial statements.
PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s bye-laws or the laws of Bermuda which would oblige the 
Company to offer new shares on a pro rata basis to existing shareholders.


--- page 72 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
71
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
MANAGEMENT CONTRACT
No contracts in respect of the management or administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Group 
were entered into or subsisted during the year.
PURCHASE, REDEMPTION OR SALE OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY
During the year, the Company purchased certain of its shares on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Hong Kong 
Stock Exchange”), and these shares were subsequently cancelled by the Company. The summary details of the purchases are as 
follows:
Purchases of shares
Month/year
Number of 
shares 
repurchased
Purchase price per share
Total price 
(excluding 
expenses)
paidHighest Lowest
HK$ HK$ HK$’000
     
May 2025 1,610,000 1.03 0.99 1,628
June 2025 13,392,000 1.14 1.02 14,637
July 2025 19,028,000 1.16 0.99 21,423
August 2025 300,000 0.85 0.85 255
September 2025 1,192,000 0.84 0.73 943
October 2025 1,670,000 0.79 0.69 1,232
November 2025 5,520,000 0.95 0.79 4,825
December 2025 1,374,000 0.92 0.81 1,241     
44,086,000 46,184     
Theses shares were cancelled subsequently by the Company and the total amount paid for the purchase of these cancelled shares 
of approximately HK$4,408,000 and HK$41,975,000 has been charged to share capital and share premium, respectively, of 
the Company.
The purchase of the Company’s shares during the year was effected by the directors, pursuant to the mandates from shareholders 
received at the last annual general meetings, with a view to benefiting shareholders as a whole by enhancing the net asset value 
per share and earnings per share of the Group.
Except as disclosed above, neither the Company, nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, redeemed or sold any of the Company’s 
listed securities (including sale of treasury shares as defined under the Listing Rules) during the year. As at 31 December 2025, 
the Company and its subsidiaries did not hold any treasury shares.
DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
At 31 December 2025, the Company’s reserves available for distribution amounted to approximately HK$160,212,000. In 
addition, the Company’s share premium account, in the amount of approximately HK$11,622,000, may be distributed in the 
form of fully paid bonus shares.


--- page 73 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
72
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
In the year under review, sales to the Group’s five largest customers accounted for less than 30% of the total sales for the year. 
Purchases from the Group’s five largest suppliers accounted for 40% of the total purchase for the year and purchase from the 
largest supplier included therein amounted to 11%.
None of the directors of the Company or any of their associates or any shareholders of the Company (which, to the best 
knowledge of the directors, own more than 5% of the Company’s issued share capital) had any beneficial interests in the Group’s 
five largest suppliers and customers.
DIRECTORS
The directors of the Company during the year and up to the date of this report were:
Executive directors:
Mr. Zhang Jian Guo (Chairman and President) (appointed as chairman on 9 January 2025)
Mr. Wang Jin Chao 
Mr. Guo Song (appointed on 9 January 2025)
Mr. Xu Chengjie (appointed on 9 January 2025)
Mr. Li Shuo Feng
Ms. Wu Jing
Mr. Qi Zi Xin (The former chairman, resigned as chairman and executive director on 9 January 2025)
Mr. Shao Xing (The former president, resigned as executive director on 9 January 2025)
Independent non-executive directors:
Mr. Lai Nga Ming, Edmund
Mr. Chak Chi Shing
Ms. Tam Mei Chu (appointed on 31 December 2025)
Mr. Chan Chung Kik, Lewis (resigned on 31 December 2025)
The Company considers each of its independent non-executive directors to be independent.
DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S BIOGRAPHIES
Biographical details of the directors of the Company and the senior management of the Group are set out on pages 68 to 69 of 
the annual report.
DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
No director proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting has a service agreement with the Company which is 
not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.
DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS
The emoluments of the directors of the Company are determined by reference to the market rates, commitments, contribution and 
their duties, responsibilities within the Group.


--- page 74 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
73
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
A permitted indemnity provision for the benefit of the directors is currently in force and was in force throughout the financial year. 
The Company has taken out and maintained appropriate insurance cover in respect of potential legal actions against its directors 
and officers.
DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS
No director nor a connected entity of a director had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any transactions, 
arrangements or contracts of significance to the business of the Group to which the Company, or any of the Company’s 
subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party during the year.
DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES 
AND DEBENTURES
At 31 December 2025, the interests and short positions of the directors in the share capital, underlying shares and debentures of 
the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)), as 
recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the 
Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers 
(the “Model Code”), were as follows:
Long positions in ordinary shares of the Company:
Name of director Capacity and nature of interest
Number of ordinary 
shares held
Percentage of 
the Company’s 
issued shares  *    
Mr. Zhang Jian Guo Directly beneficially owned 1,160,000 0.10    
* This percentage has been compiled based on the total number of shares of the Company in issue (i.e. 1,155,660,993 ordinary shar es) as at 
31 December 2025.
Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, none of the directors had registered an interest or short position in the 
shares or underlying shares of the Company or any of its associated corporations that was required to be recorded pursuant to 
section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model 
Code.
DIRECTORS INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
During the year ended 31 December 2025, none of the directors of the Company had any interest in a business (other than 
those businesses where the Directors of the Company were appointed as directors to represent the interests of the Company 
and/or any member of the Group) which is considered to compete or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the 
businesses of the Group.


--- page 75 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
74
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSONS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT 
POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
At 31 December 2025, so far it is known to the directors of the Company, the following interests of 5% or more of the issued 
share capital of the Company were recorded in the register of interests required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 
336 of the SFO:
Long positions:
Name Notes
Capacity and 
nature of interest
Number of 
ordinary 
shares held
Percentage of 
the Company’s 
issued shares
  #
     
中國平安保險 （集團） 股份有限公司
(Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of 
China, Ltd.*) (“Ping An”)
1 Through a controlled 
corporation
367,179,610 31.77
中國平安人壽保險股份有限公司
(Ping An Life Insurance Company of  
China, Ltd.*) (“Ping An Life”)
2 Through a controlled 
corporation
367,179,610 31.77
新方正 （北京） 企業管理發展有限公司
(New Founder (Beijing) Enterprise 
Management Development Co., Ltd.*) 
(“New Founder (Beijing)”)
3 Through a controlled 
corporation
367,179,610 31.77
新方正控股發展有限責任公司
(New Founder Holdings Development  
Co., Ltd.*) (“New Founder”)
4 Through a controlled 
corporation
367,179,610 31.77
方正信息產業有限責任公司 
(Founder Information Industry Co., Ltd.*) 
(“Founder Information”) 
Directly beneficially owned 367,179,610 31.77
北京漢儀創新科技股份有限公司
(Beijing Hanyi Innovation Technology  
Co., Ltd.*) (“Beijing Hanyi”)
5 Through a controlled 
corporation
134,350,000 11.63
     
* For identification purpose only


--- page 76 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
75
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
Name Notes
Capacity and 
nature of interest
Number of 
ordinary 
shares held
Percentage of 
the Company’s 
issued shares  #
     
Hanyi International (Hong Kong) Limited 
(“Hanyi International”)
Directly beneficially owned 134,350,000 11.63
Growth XIII Investment Company Limited 6 Directly beneficially owned 56,230,000 4.87
Ms. Liu Xiaodong 6 Directly beneficially owned 3,859,380 0.33     
# This percentage has been compiled based on the total number of shares of the Company in issue (i.e. 1,155,660,993 ordinary shar es) as at 
31 December 2025.
Notes:
1.
 Ping An was deemed to be interested in the 367,179,610 shares under the SFO by virtue of its interest in Ping An Life.
2.
 Ping An Life was deemed to be interested in the 367,179,610 shares under the SFO by virtue of its interest in New Founder (Beij
ing).
3.
 New Founder (Beijing) was deemed to be interested in the 367,179,610 shares under the SFO by virtue of its interest in New F
ounder.
4.
 New Founder was deemed to be interested in the 367,179,610 shares under the SFO by virtue of its interest in Founder Informati
on.
5.
 Beijing Hanyi was deemed to be interested in the 134,350,000 shares under the SFO by virtue of its interest in Hanyi Internati
onal.
6.
 Pursuant to 
an acting in concert agreement dated 21 August 2024, Growth XIII Investment Company Limited and Liu Xiaodong are deemed to 
be interested in the 60,089,380 shares under the SFO, representing approximately 5.20% of the total issued shares of the Company as at 31 
December 2025,
Save as disclosed above, so far it is known to the directors of the Company, as at 31 December 2025, no person had 
registered an interest or short position in the shares or underlying shares of the Company that was required to be recorded 
pursuant to section 336 of the SFO.


--- page 77 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
76
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
During the year, the Company and the Group had the following continuing connected transactions, certain details of which are 
disclosed in compliance with the requirements of Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
(a)
 On 30 December 2024, 
北京北大方正電子有限公司 (Beijing Founder Electronics Co., Ltd.) (“Founder Electronics”) and
北京方正印捷數碼技術有限公司 (Beijing Founder EasiPrint Digital Technology Co., Ltd.*) (“Founder EasiPrint”) renewed 
the lease agreements and management agreements with 北京新方正博雅不動產管理有限公司 (Beijing New Founder 
Boya Real Estate Management Co., Ltd.*) (“New Founder Boya”), an associate of New Founder as at the date of the 
agreements and 上海方商城市運營管理有限公司 (formerly known as 上海德麟物業管理有限公司, (Shanghai Delin 
Property Management Co., Ltd.*) (“Shanghai Delin”)), a subsidiary of New Founder as at the date of the agreements to 
lease the premises in Beijing and accept property management services from 1 January 2025 to 31 December 2025, 
for the total amount of rental of RMB12,348,000 and management fees of RMB4,267,000 (equivalent to approximately 
HK$13,469,000 and HK$4,654,000), respectively. Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement 
of the Company dated 30 December 2024.
On 26 September 2025, Founder EasiPrint and New Founder Boya entered into the Supplemental Lease Agreement, the 
amendment of the following terms of the Founder EasiPrint Lease Agreement as supplemented by the Supplemental Lease 
Agreement: (i) the rental areas of the Premises leased under the Founder EasiPrint Lease Agreement shall be reduced from 
5,437.21 square meters to 3,682.01 square meters with effect from 1 October 2025; and (ii) due to the termination of 
leasing certain areas of the Premises as specified in the Supplemental Lease Agreement, the quarterly rental payment for 
the period from 1 October 2025 to 31 December 2025 was adjusted to RMB592,000 (approximately HK$649,000).
On 26 September 2025, Founder EasiPrint and Shanghai Delin entered into the Amendment Management Agreement, 
in view of the termination of leasing certain areas of the Premises, the amendment of the following terms of the Founder 
EasiPrint Management Agreement as supplemented by the Amendment Management Agreement: (i) the service scope will 
be reduced from 5,437.21 square meters to 3,682.01 square meters; and (ii) with effect from 1 October 2025, the 
management fee shall be calculated based on the adjusted service scope as specified in the Amendment Management 
Agreement, resulting in a total management fee of RMB99,000 (approximately HK$109,000) per month.
During the year, the rental expenses of Founder Electronics and Founder EasiPrint payable to New Founder Boya were 
approximately HK$13,443,000 (2024: payable to New Founder and New Founder Boya were approximately 
HK$6,772,000 and HK$6,772,000, respectively), The management fees of Founder Electronics and Founder EasiPrint 
payable to Shanghai Delin were approximately HK$4,518,000 (2024: payable to 北京北大資源物業經營管理集團
有限公司 and Shanghai Delin were approximately HK$1,950,000 and HK$2,730,000). The directors consider that 
the rental and management fees were accrued in accordance with the terms of the lease agreements and management 
agreements.
On 17 December 2025, each of Founder Electronics, Founder EasiPrint and 天津方正手迹數字技術有限公司 (Tianjin 
Founder Handwriting Digital Technology Ltd.*) (“Tianjin Founder Handwriting”) entered into a new lease agreement 
and management agreement with New Founder Boya and Shanghai Delin to lease the premises in Beijing and 
accept property management services from 1 January 2026 to 31 December 2026, for the total amount of rental 
of RMB9,244,000 and management fees of RMB3,754,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$10,133,000 and 
HK$4,115,000), respectively. Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company dated 
30 December 2025.


--- page 78 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
77
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
(b) On 26 June 2025, Founder Electronics as the licensee, and New Founder as the licensor, entered into the trademark  
license agreement whereby New Founder has granted to Founder Electronics and its wholly owned subsidiaries in the 
whole world the non-exclusive license to use the trademark in their products and in their business activities for the period 
from 26 June 2025 to 31 December 2027. Founder Electronics should pay to New Founder a quarterly license fee 
of RMB2,660,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$2,903,000) during the term of the trademark license agreement. 
Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company dated 26 June 2025.
 During the year, the total license fee of Founder Electronics paid to New Founder was approximately RMB5,465,000 
(equivalent 
to approximately HK$5,966,000). The directors consider that the trademark license expense were paid in 
accordance with the terms of the trademark license agreement.
(c)
 On 20 February 2025, the Company and
平安銀行股份有限公司(Ping An Bank Co., Ltd.*) ("Ping An Bank") entered into 
the deposit service framework agreement commencing from 26 March 2025 to 31 December 2027 with annual caps 
for each year. Accordingly, Ping An Bank agreed to provide deposit service to the Group subject to the terms and 
conditions stipulated therein. Principal terms of the deposit service framework agreement are as follows: (i) Ping An Bank 
will provide RMB deposit service to the Group, based on the understanding of the market situation and in consideration of 
other factors, the Group can make its own decision as to the utilization of the deposit service and the deposit services to 
be provided by other financial institutions so as to maximize the interests of the shareholders of the Company,(ii) the 
interest rates in respect of the deposits placed by the Group with Ping An Bank will be determined with reference to the 
benchmark interest rates promulgated by the 中國人民銀行(The People’s Bank of China) ("PBOC")and will not be lower 
than the rates offered by financial institutions in the PRC for same types and tenures of deposits, (iii) the proposed annual 
caps for the deposit service during the validity term of the deposit service framework agreement are the maximum daily 
deposit balance of RMB460,000,000(equivalent to approximately HK$509,289,000) for the period from 24 April 
2025 to 31 December 2026, and RMB480,000,000(equivalent to approximately HK$531,432,000) for the period 
from 1 January 2027 to 31 December 2027. Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the 
Company dated 20 February 2025.
 On 31 
December 2025, the bank deposits at Ping An Bank was RMB380,000,000 (equivalent to approximately 
HK$420,717,000), which was also the highest daily bank deposit balance during the year and did not exceed the 
proposed annual cap.
(d)
 On 28 December 2022, the Company and New Founder entered into a master purchase agreement for the three years 
from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2024 with annual caps for each year. Further details of the transaction were set 
out in the announcement of the Company dated 28 December 2022.
 During the year ended 31 December 2024, products and services of approximately HK$736,000 were purchased from 
N
ew Founder and its subsidiaries (“New Founder Group”). The directors consider that the purchases of products and 
services were made in accordance with the master purchase agreement.
(e) On 28 December 2022, the Company and New Founder entered into a master sales agreement for the sales of
 
software, hardware and system integration to New Founder Group for the three years from 1 January 2022 to 31 
December 2024 with annual caps for each year. Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of 
the Company dated 28 December 2022.
 During 
the year ended 31 December 2024, sales of software, hardware and system integration of approximately 
HK$3,341,000 were made to New Founder Group. The directors consider that the sales of software, hardware and 
system integration were made in accordance with the master sales agreement.
* For identification purpose only


--- page 79 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
78
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
(f) Ping An indirectly held 66.51% equity interest in New Founder and therefore is a substantial shareholder and a connected  
person of the Company under the Listing Rules. Ping An and its subsidiaries (not within the New Founder Group) (“Ping 
An Group”) from time to time purchase font library products and enter into individual font library licensing agreements on 
substantially the same terms (other than the font library products and licensing periods) with the Company.
 As at 28 December 2022, the Company proposed the annual caps for the transaction completed under the font library 
licensing agreements with Ping An Group for the three years from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2024. Further details 
of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company dated 28 December 2022.
 During 
the year ended 31 December 2024, sales of font library products of approximately HK$2,847,000 were made 
to Ping An Group.
The independent non-executive directors of the Company have reviewed the continuing connected transactions as set out above 
and have confirmed that these continuing connected transactions were entered into (i) in the ordinary and usual course of business 
of the Group; (ii) on normal commercial terms or, if there are not sufficient comparable transactions to judge whether they are on 
normal commercial terms, on terms no less favourable to the Group than terms available to or from (as appropriate) independent 
third parties; and (iii) in accordance with the relevant agreements governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in 
the interests of the shareholders of the Company as a whole.
Ernst & Young, the Company’s auditors, were engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected transactions in accordance 
with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) Assurance Engagements Other than Audits or Reviews 
of Historical Financial Information and with reference to Practice Note 740 (Revised) Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected 
Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Ernst & Young 
have issued their unmodified letter containing their findings and conclusions in respect of the continuing connected transactions 
disclosed above by the Group in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules.
CONNECTED TRANSACTION
On 31 December 2024, Founder Electronics as the purchaser, and New Founder and Founder Information as the vendors, 
entered into the equity transfer agreement, pursuant to which Founder Electronics has agreed to acquire 100% equity interest in 
Tianjin Founder Handwriting from New Founder and Founder Information for a consideration of approximately RMB3,579,000 
(equivalent to approximately HK$3,926,000), which shall be paid by Founder Electronics to New Founder and Founder 
Information (i) within 45 days upon the entering of the equity transfer agreement; and (ii) on a pro rata basis in accordance with 
the shareholding ratio between New Founder and Founder Information in Tianjin Founder Handwriting (the “Acquisition”). Tianjin 
Founder Handwriting is engaged in the font library business. The Acquisition was made as part of the Group’s strategy to expand 
its market share of font library business in Chinese mainland.
As at 31 December 2024, Founder Information has direct equity interest of approximately 30.60% in the Company, Founder 
Information is a controlling shareholder and a connected person of the Company. New Founder is an associate of Founder 
Information and a connected person of the Company by virtue of the fact that New Founder is the holding company of Founder 
Information. Founder Electronics is a subsidiary of the Company. Therefore, the Acquisition constitutes a connected transaction of 
the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the 
Company dated 31 December 2024. The Acquisition was completed on 31 January 2025.


--- page 80 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
79
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the directors, at least 25% of the 
Company’s total number of issued shares were held by the public as at the date of this report.
AUDITORS
Ernst & Young will retire and a resolution for their reappointment as auditors of the Company will be proposed at the forthcoming 
annual general meeting. The Company has not changed its auditor in the preceding three years.
ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD
Zhang Jian Guo
Chairman
Hong Kong
26 March 2026


--- page 81 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
80
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
Ernst & Young
27/F, One Taikoo Place
979 King’s Road
Quarry Bay, Hong Kong
ה
ࢭ27ᅽ
Tel ཥ༑: +852 2846 9888
Fax ෂॆ
: +852 2868 4432
ey.com
༸979໮
To the shareholders of Founder Holdings Limited
(Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)
OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Founder Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the 
“Group”) set out on pages 85 to 171, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 
2025, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the consolidated 
statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the 
consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy information.
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group 
as at 31 December 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended 
in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) 
and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.
BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) as issued by the HKICPA. Our 
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated 
financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics 
for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), as applicable to audits of financial statements of public interest entities. We have also 
fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated 
financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial 
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each 
matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.
We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements 
section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance of procedures 
designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements. The results of 
our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion 
on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.


--- page 82 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
81
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)
Key audit matter How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Valuation of land and buildings and investment properties
The Group measured its land and buildings and investment 
properties at fair value as at 31 December 2025 and the 
carrying amounts of these properties were HK$157,508,000 
and HK$126,643,000, respectively, which in aggregate 
represented 20% of the Group’s total assets. The fair value 
measurement of these properties is subjective and requires 
management to make significant estimates. To assist with their 
determination of the fair value, management engaged external 
property valuation appraisers to perform the valuations. The 
valuations are based on various assumptions, such as estimated 
rental revenue, adopted yield, market knowledge and historical 
transactions.
Relevant disclosures are included in note 2.4 Material 
accounting policies, note 3 Significant accounting judgements 
and estimates , note 12 Property, plant and equipment  and 
note 13 Investment properties to the consolidated financial 
statements.
Our audit procedures included the evaluation of the quality, 
objectivity, independence and expertise of the external 
property valuation appraisers, and the selected property-
related information (such as, location, age, area and rental 
income) used in the valuation. In addition, we assessed the 
underlying assumptions through comparison with available 
external data. We also involved our internal valuation 
specialists to assist us in assessing the valuation model and the 
parameters used.
We also focused on the adequacy of the disclosures of the 
valuation of the land and buildings and investment properties 
in the financial statements.
Impairment of trade receivables
As at 31 December 2025, the carrying amount of 
trade receivables before provision for impairment was 
HK$205,641,000, which was included in the balance of trade 
and bills receivables. The Group recognised an impairment 
provision based on the expected credit loss (“ECL”) approach 
under HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments. The measurement of ECLs 
requires the application of significant judgement and estimates, 
such as the expected future cash flows and forward-looking 
factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment. As 
at 31 December 2025, the impairment provision recorded for 
trade receivables was HK$46,428,000.
Relevant disclosures are included in note 2.4 Material 
accounting policies, note 3 Significant accounting judgements 
and estimates and note 19 Trade and bills receivables  to the 
consolidated financial statements.
Our audit procedures included obtaining an understanding 
of the design, implementation and operating effectiveness 
of key internal controls which govern the credit control, debt 
collection and estimate of ECLs.
We assessed the reasonableness of ECLs determined by 
management by examining the information used to form such 
judgement and estimates, including the historical default 
information, and the historical loss rates as adjusted for current 
economic conditions and forward-looking information.
We evaluated the reasonableness of the provision for 
impairment of trade receivables by reference to the Group’s 
subsequent collection.
We also reviewed the adequacy of the disclosures of 
impairment of trade receivables in the financial statements.


--- page 83 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
82
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
OTHER INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included 
in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of 
assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, 
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our 
knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we 
conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to 
report in this regard.
RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair 
view in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong 
Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of 
consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability 
to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis 
of accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations or have no realistic 
alternative but to do so.
The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s 
financial reporting process.


--- page 84 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
83
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from 
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Our report is made 
solely to you, as a body, in accordance with section 90 of the Bermuda Companies Act 1981, and for no other purpose. We 
do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs 
will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material 
if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the 
basis of these consolidated financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism 
throughout the audit. We also:
•
 Identify 
and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or 
error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and 
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is 
higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, 
or the override of internal control.
•
 Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate 
in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.
•
 Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
 
disclosures made by the directors.
•
 Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit 
evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt
 
on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required 
to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such 
disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the 
date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going 
concern.
•
 Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, 
and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that
 
achieves fair presentation.
•
 Plan and perform 
the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the 
entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We 
are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of the group audit. We 
remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.


--- page 85 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
84
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS (continued)
We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and 
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding 
independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our 
independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.
From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit 
of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in 
our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, 
we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would 
reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Wong Man Kit (practicing certificate number: 
P04453).
Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
26 March 2026


--- page 86 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
85
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
2025 2024
Notes HK$’000 HK$’000    
REVENUE 5 907,162 924,854
Cost of sales (458,045) (470,519)    
Gross profit 449,117 454,335
Other income and gains 5 48,749 56,619
Selling and distribution expenses (207,462) (208,904)
Administrative expenses (69,373) (64,258)
Impairment losses on financial and contract assets 6 (847) (9,809)
Other expenses, net (187,443) (181,766)
Finance costs 7 (79) (115)
Share of profits of associates 16 92 170    
PROFIT BEFORE TAX 6 32,754 46,272
Income tax (expense)/credit 10 (2,596) 1,584    
PROFIT FOR THE YEAR 30,158 47,856    
Attributable to:
Owners of the parent 29,808 47,856
Non-controlling interests 350 –    
30,158 47,856    
EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY 
HOLDERS OF THE PARENT
Basic and diluted 11 HK2.6 cents HK4.0 cents    


--- page 87 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
86
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
2025 2024
Notes HK$’000 HK$’000    
PROFIT FOR THE YEAR 30,158 47,856    
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
Other comprehensive  income/(loss) that may be reclassified to profit or 
loss in subsequent periods:
Share of other comprehensive loss of associates 16 (7) (216)
Exchange differences:
Reclassification to profit and loss from disposal of  
subsidiaries 127 –
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 22,627 (18,711)    
Net other comprehensive income/(loss) that may be reclassified to profit 
or loss in subsequent periods: 22,747 (18,927)    
Other comprehensive loss that will not be reclassified to  
profit or loss in subsequent periods:
Changes in fair value of equity investments at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 17 (306) 64
Revaluation deficit of land and buildings, net of tax (11,641) (9,159)    
Net other comprehensive loss that will not be reclassified to profit or loss 
in subsequent periods (11,947) (9,095)    
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS) FOR THE YEAR, NET OF 
TAX 10,800 (28,022)    
TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR 40,958 19,834    
Attributable to:
Owners of the parent 40,508 19,834
Non-controlling interests 450 –    
40,958 19,834    


--- page 88 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
87
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
31 DECEMBER 2025
2025 2024
Notes HK$’000 HK$’000    
NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property, plant and equipment 12 167,378 181,995
Investment properties 13 126,643 142,608
Right-of-use assets 14(a) 1,781 1,662
Intangible assets 15 2,691 –
Investments in associates 16 – 2,191
Equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income 17 178 484
Pledged deposits 23 2,052 722    
Total non-current assets 300,723 329,662    
CURRENT ASSETS
Inventories 18 61,206 73,942
Trade and bills receivables 19 185,634 154,221
Contract assets 20 14,813 17,401
Prepayments, other receivables and other assets 21 48,942 57,339
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 22 – 1,237
Pledged deposits 23 756 5,254
Cash and cash equivalents 23 820,462 805,428
    
Total current assets 1,131,813 1,114,822    
CURRENT LIABILITIES
Trade and bills payables 24 59,060 58,353
Contract liabilities 25 33,024 48,245
Other payables and accruals 26 181,177 175,812
Lease liabilities 14(b) 1,266 1,110
Tax payable 322 310
    
Total current liabilities 274,849 283,830    
NET CURRENT ASSETS 856,964 830,992    
TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES 1,157,687 1,160,654    


--- page 89 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
88
31 DECEMBER 2025
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
2025 2024
Notes HK$’000 HK$’000    
NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
Lease liabilities 14(b) 427 540
Deferred tax liabilities 27 36,522 40,192
Tax liabilities 10 3,405 –    
Total non-current liabilities 40,354 40,732    
Net assets 1,117,333 1,119,922    
EQUITY
Equity attributable to owners of the parent
Issued capital 28 115,567 119,975
Reserves 32 998,015 999,947
    
1,113,582 1,119,922
Non-controlling interests 3,751 –    
Total equity 1,117,333 1,119,922    
Zhang Jian Guo Guo Song
Director Director


--- page 90 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
89
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
Attributable to owners of the parent 
Issued 
capital
Share 
premium 
account 
(note 32)
Contributed 
surplus 
(note 32)
Land and 
buildings 
revaluation 
reserve
Equity 
investments 
at fair value 
through other 
comprehensive 
income 
revaluation 
reserve
Exchange 
fluctuation 
reserve
General 
reserve 
(note 32)
Accumulated 
losses
Total 
equity
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000          
At 1 January 2024 119,975 53,597 867,910 198,696 (13,500) (44,228) 93,683 (176,045) 1,100,088
Profit for the year – – – – – – – 47,856 47,856
Other comprehensive loss for the year:
Revaluation deficit of land and buildings,  
net of tax – – – (9,159) – – – – (9,159)
Changes in fair value of equity investments – – – – 64 – – – 64
Share of other comprehensive loss of 
associates – – – – – (216) – – (216)
Exchange differences on translation of 
foreign operations – – – – – (18,711) – – (18,711)          
Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the  
year – – – (9,159) 64 (18,927) – 47,856 19,834
Transfer of revaluation reserve of land and 
buildings to accumulated losses – – – (32,558) – – – 32,558 –
Transfer to general reserve – – – – – – 10,006 (10,006) –          
At 31 December 2024 119,975 53,597* 867,910* 156,979* (13,436)* (63,155)* 103,689* (105,637)* 1,119,922          


--- page 91 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
90
YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
Attributable to owners of the parent
 
Issued 
capital
Share 
premium 
account 
(note 32)
Contributed 
surplus 
(note 32)
Land and 
buildings 
revaluation 
reserve
Equity 
investments 
at fair value 
through other 
comprehensive 
income 
revaluation 
reserve
Exchange 
fluctuation 
reserve
Other
reserve
General
reserve
(note 32)
Accumulated
losses Total
Non-
controlling 
interest
Total 
equity
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
             
At 1 January 2025 119,975 53,597* 867,910* 156,979* (13,436)* (63,155)* –* 103,689* (105,637)* 1,119,922 – 1,119,922
Profit for the year – – – – – – – – 29,808 29,808 350 30,158
Other comprehensive loss/(income)  
for the year:
Revaluation deficit of land and 
buildings, net of tax – – – (11,641) – – – – – (11,641) – (11,641)
Changes in fair value of equity 
investments – – – – (306) – – – – (306) – (306)
Share of other comprehensive loss of 
associates – – – – – (7) – – – (7) – (7)
Reclassification to profit and loss from 
disposal of subsidiaries – – – – – 127 – – – 127 – 127
Exchange differences on translation of 
foreign operations – – – – – 22,257 – – – 22,257 100 22,627
             
Total comprehensive (loss)/income for  
the year – – – (11,641) (306) 22,647 – – 29,808 40,508 450 40,958
Dividends payable to non-controlling 
shareholders – – – – – – – – – – (90) (90)
Transfer of revaluation reserve of land  
and buildings to accumulated losses – – – (6,751) – – – – 6,751 – – –
Change in the ownership interests in a 
subsidiary – – – (464) – 247 (248) – – (465) 3,391 2,926
Shares repurchased and cancelled  
(note 28) (4,408) (41,975) – – – – – – – (46,383) – (46,383)
Transfer to general reserve – – – – – – – 3,461 (3,461) – – –
             
At 31 December 2025 115,567 11,622* 867,910* 138,123* (13,742)* (40,261)* (248)* 107,150* (72,539)* 1,113,582 3,751 1,117,333
             
* These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated reserves of HK$998,015,000 (2024: HK$999,947,000) in the consolidated stateme nt of 
financial position.


--- page 92 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
91
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
2025 2024
Notes HK$’000 HK$’000    
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit before tax 32,754 46,272
Adjustments for:
Finance costs 7 79 115
Share of profits of associates 16 (92) (170)
Interest income 5 (9,450) (12,448)
Fair value losses on investment properties 6 15,462 20,669
Gain on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment 5 (91) (92)
Gain on bargain purchase 5 (211) –
Loss on disposal of subsidiaries 6 4,131 –
Impairment of trade receivables and contract assets 6 836 9,070
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment 6 11,770 12,786
Depreciation of right-of-use assets 6 1,426 2,544
Amortisation of intangible assets 6 250 –
Impairment of deposits and other receivables 6 11 739
Reversal of impairment of entrusted loan 6 (8,384) (9,751)
Write-off of inventories 6 941 1,888
(Reversal of provision)/provision for obsolete inventories 6 (1,022) 1,647    
48,410 73,269
Decrease in inventories 9,986 12,040
Decrease/(increase) in contract assets 2,189 (2,202)
(Increase)/decrease in trade and bills receivables (30,757) 19,111
Decrease/(increase) in prepayments, other receivables and other assets 7,949 (8,549)
(Decrease)/increase in contract liabilities (15,221) 280
Increase/(decrease) in trade and bills payables 139 (5,049)
Increase/(decrease) in other payables and accruals 4,761 (30,913)
Exchange differences (1,551) 384    
Cash generated from operations 25,905 58,371
Interest received 10,034 10,247
Interest element of lease liabilities (79) (115)
Hong Kong profits tax recovered – 11
Mainland of the People’s Republic of China (“Chinese mainland” or  
the “PRC”) corporate income tax paid (26) –    
Net cash flows from operating activities 35,834 68,514    


--- page 93 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
92
YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
2025 2024
Notes HK$’000 HK$’000    
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchases of items of property, plant and equipment 12 (3,864) (2,082)
Proceeds from disposal of items of property, plant and equipment 132 95
Repayment of entrusted loans from related companies 6 8,384 9,601
Placement of non-pledged time deposits with original maturity of more 
than three months when acquired (294,944) (280,774)
Acquisition of a subsidiary 29 (2,909) –
Disposal of subsidiaries 30 (649) –
Withdrawal/(placement) of pledged deposits 3,168 (1,121)    
Net cash flows used in investing activities (290,682) (274,281)    
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Principal portion of lease payments (1,496) (2,313)
Changes in the ownership interests in a subsidiary 2,926 –
Payments for shares repurchase (46,383) –
Withholding tax paid in Chinese mainland on the distributable profits of 
the Group’s PRC subsidiaries (1,087) –
    
Net cash flows used in financing activities (46,040) (2,313)    
NET DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS (300,888) (208,080)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 524,654 749,021
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net 20,978 (16,287)    
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR 244,744 524,654    
ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Cash and bank balances 23 210,284 218,793
Non-pledged time deposits 23 610,178 586,635
    
Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the consolidated statement of 
financial position 23 820,462 805,428
Non-pledged time deposits with original maturity of more than three 
months when acquired (575,718) (280,774)    
Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the consolidated statement of 
cash flows 244,744 524,654    


--- page 94 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
93
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 DECEMBER 2025
1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION
Founder Holdings Limited (the “Company”) is a limited liability company incorporated in Bermuda. The registered office of 
the Company is located at Victoria Place, 5th Floor, 31 Victoria Street, Hamilton, HM 10, Bermuda. The head office and 
principal place of business of the Company is located at Unit 1408, 14th Floor, Cable TV Tower, 9 Hoi Shing Road, Tsuen 
Wan, New Territories, Hong Kong.
During the year, the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) were principally engaged in 
sales of software, hardware and system integration.
Information about subsidiaries
Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows:
Name
Place of 
incorporation/
registration and 
business
Issued ordinary/
registered share 
capital
Percentage of 
equity attributable 
to the Company
Principal activitiesDirect Indirect
      
Founder (Hong Kong) Limited  
(“Founder HK”)
Hong Kong Ordinary 
HK$977,974,378
100 – Investment holding
北京北大方正電子有限公司 
Beijing Founder Electronics Co., Ltd.# 
(“Founder Electronics”)
PRC/Chinese 
mainland
Registered 
HK$230,938,614
– 99.59 Sales of software, 
hardware and system 
integration
北京方正印捷數碼技術有限公司 
(Beijing Founder EasiPrint Digital 
Technology Co., Ltd.
@)^
PRC/Chinese 
mainland
Registered  
RMB227 million
– 99.59 Sales of software and 
hardware
北京方正數字印刷技術有限公司 
(Beijing Founder Digital Printing 
Technology Co., Ltd.
@)^
PRC/Chinese 
mainland
Registered  
RMB5 million
– 99.59 Sales of hardware
天津方正手跡數字技術有限公司 
(Tianjin Founder Handwriting Digital 
Technology Co., Ltd.
@)^ 
(“Tianjin Founder Handwriting”)
PRC/Chinese 
mainland
Registered 
RMB62,884,794
– 99.59 Sales of software
Founder Electronics (HK) Limited Hong Kong Ordinary HK$2 – 100 Sales of hardware
Royal Bright Limited Hong Kong Ordinary HK$2 – 100 Property holding
Royal Leader Limited Hong Kong Ordinary HK$2 – 100 Property holding
Royal Power Limited Hong Kong Ordinary HK$2 – 100 Property holding
Sharp Century Limited Hong Kong Ordinary HK$2 – 100 Property holding
PUC Typeface (M) Sdn. Bhd. (formerly 
known as PUC Founder (M) Sdn. Bhd.)
Malaysia Ordinary RM500,000 – 100 Investment holding


--- page 95 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
94
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (continued)
Information about subsidiaries (continued)
@ For identification purposes only
# Registered as a wholly-foreign-owned enterprise under PRC law
^ Registered as limited liability companies under PRC law
The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors, principally affected the results 
for the year or formed a substantial portion of the net assets of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in 
the opinion of the directors, result in particulars of excessive length.
2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES
2.1 Basis of preparation
These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards (which include 
all Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations) 
as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and the disclosure requirements 
of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. They have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except 
for investment properties, land and buildings classified as property, plant and equipment, equity investments at fair 
value through other comprehensive income, bills receivable, and financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
which have been measured at fair value. These financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars and all 
values are rounded to the nearest thousand except when otherwise indicated.
Basis of consolidation
The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries 
(collectively referred to as the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2025. A subsidiary is an entity (including 
a structured entity), directly or indirectly, controlled by the Company. Control is achieved when the Group is 
exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those 
returns through its power over the investee (i.e., existing rights that give the Group the current ability to direct the 
relevant activities of the investee).
Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights results in control. When the Company has 
less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Group considers all relevant facts and 
circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee, including:
(a)
 the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;
(b)
 rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and
(c)
 the Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights.
The financial 
statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the Company, using 
consistent accounting policies. The results of subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which the Group 
obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases.


--- page 96 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
95
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
2.1 Basis of preparation (continued)
Basis of consolidation (continued)
Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the parent of 
the Group and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit 
balance. All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions 
between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.
The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are 
changes to one or more of the three elements of control described above. A change in the ownership interest of a 
subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction.
If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognises the related assets (including goodwill), liabilities 
any non-controlling interest and the exchange fluctuation reserve; and recognises the fair value of any investment 
retained and any resulting surplus or deficit in profit or loss. The Group’s share of components previously 
recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss or retained profits, as appropriate, on the 
same basis as would be required if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities.
2.2 Changes in accounting policies and disclosures
The Group has adopted amendments to HKAS 21 Lack of Exchangeability for the first time for the current year’s 
financial statements. The Group has not early adopted any other standard or amendment that has been issued but is 
not yet effective.
Amendments to HKAS 21 specify how an entity shall assess whether a currency is exchangeable into another 
currency and how it shall estimate a spot exchange rate at a measurement date when exchangeability is lacking. 
The amendments require disclosures of information that enable users of financial statements to understand 
the impact of a currency not being exchangeable. As the currencies that the Group had transacted in and 
the functional currencies of overseas subsidiaries, for translation into the Group’s presentation currency were 
exchangeable, the amendments did not have any impact on the Group’s financial statements.
2.3 Issued but not yet effective HKFRS accounting standards
The Group has not applied the following new and amended HKFRS Accounting Standards, that have been issued 
but are not yet effective, in these financial statements. The Group intends to apply these new and amended HKFRS 
Accounting Standards, if applicable, when they become effective.
HKFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statement
2
HKFRS 19 and its amendments Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures2
Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of 
Financial Instruments1
Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity1
Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its 
Associate or Joint Venture3
Amendments to HKAS 21 Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation Currency2
Annual Improvements to HKFRS Accounting  
Standards – Volume 11
Amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 9, HKFRS 10 
and HKAS 71


--- page 97 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
96
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
2.3 Issued but not yet effective HKFRS accounting standards (continued)
1 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026
2 Effective for annual/reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027
3 No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption
Further information about those HKFRS Accounting Standards that are expected to be applicable to the Group is 
described below.
HKFRS 18 replaces HKAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements. While a number of sections have been brought 
forward from HKAS 1 with limited changes, HKFRS 18 introduces new requirements for presentation within the 
statement of profit or loss, including specified totals and subtotals. Entities are required to classify all income and 
expenses within the statement of profit or loss into one of the five categories: operating, investing, financing, 
income taxes and discontinued operations and to present two new defined subtotals. It also requires disclosures 
about management-defined performance measures in a single note and introduces enhanced requirements on 
the grouping (aggregation and disaggregation) and the location of information in both the primary financial 
statements and the notes. Some requirements previously included in HKAS 1 are moved to HKAS 8 Accounting 
Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors, which is renamed as HKAS 8 Basis of Preparation of 
Financial Statements. As a consequence of the issuance of HKFRS 18, limited, but widely applicable, amendments 
are made to HKAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows, HKAS 33 Earnings per Share and HKAS 34 Interim Financial 
Reporting. In addition, there are minor consequential amendments to other HKFRS Accounting Standards. HKFRS 
18 and the consequential amendments to other HKFRS Accounting Standards are effective for annual periods 
beginning on or after 1 January 2027 with earlier application permitted. Retrospective application is required. The 
Group is currently analysing the new requirements and assessing the impact of HKFRS 18 on the presentation and 
disclosure of the Group’s financial statements.
HKFRS 19 allows eligible entities to elect to apply reduced disclosure requirements while still applying the 
recognition, measurement and presentation requirements in other HKFRS Accounting Standards. To be eligible, at 
the end of the reporting period, an entity must be a subsidiary as defined in HKFRS 10 Consolidated Financial 
Statements, cannot have public accountability and must have a parent (ultimate or intermediate) that prepares 
consolidated financial statements available for public use which comply with HKFRS Accounting Standards or 
IFRS Accounting Standards (See commentary on page (50)). HKFRS 19 was amended in April 2025 to include 
IFRS Accounting Standards in the eligibility criteria for applying the standard. The standard was further amended 
in October 2025 to (i) remove disclosure objectives from HKFRS 19; (ii) reduce the disclosure requirements 
relating to supplier finance arrangements and a specific class of financial liabilities; and (iii) replace disclosure 
requirements relating to management-defined performance measures with a cross-reference to HKFRS 18 for 
entities that use these measures. Earlier application is permitted. As the Company is a listed company, it is not 
eligible to elect to apply HKFRS 19 and its amendments. Some of the Company’s subsidiaries are considering the 
application of HKFRS 19 and its amendments in their specified financial statements.


--- page 98 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
97
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
2.3 Issued but not yet effective HKFRS accounting standards (continued)
Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial 
Instruments clarify the date on which a financial asset or financial liability is derecognised and introduce an 
accounting policy option to derecognise a financial liability that is settled through an electronic payment system 
before the settlement date if specified criteria are met. The amendments clarify how to assess the contractual cash 
flow characteristics of financial assets with environmental, social and governance and other similar contingent 
features. Moreover, the amendments clarify the requirements for classifying financial assets with non-recourse 
features and contractually linked instruments. The amendments also include additional disclosures for investments 
in equity instruments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial instruments with 
contingent features. The amendments shall be applied retrospectively with an adjustment to opening retained 
profits (or other component of equity) at the initial application date. Prior periods are not required to be restated 
and can only be restated without the use of hindsight. Earlier application of either all the amendments at the same 
time or only the amendments related to the classification of financial assets is permitted. The amendments are not 
expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.
Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity clarify the application 
of the “own-use” requirements for in-scope contracts and amend the designation requirements for a hedged item 
in a cash flow hedging relationship for in-scope contracts. The amendments also include additional disclosures 
that enable users of financial statements to understand the effects these contracts have on an entity’s financial 
performance and future cash flows. The amendments relating to the own-use exception shall be applied 
retrospectively. Prior periods are not required to be restated and can only be restated without the use of hindsight. 
The amendments relating to the hedge accounting shall be applied prospectively to new hedging relationships 
designated on or after the date of initial application. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments to HKFRS 9 
and HKFRS 7 shall be applied at the same time. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact 
on the Group’s financial statements.
Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 address an inconsistency between the requirements in HKFRS 10 and in 
HKAS 28 in dealing with the sale or contribution of assets between an investor and its associate or joint venture. 
The amendments require a full recognition of a gain or loss resulting from a downstream transaction when the sale 
or contribution of assets constitutes a business. For a transaction involving assets that do not constitute a business, 
a gain or loss resulting from the transaction is recognised in the investor’s profit or loss only to the extent of the 
unrelated investor’s interest in that associate or joint venture. The amendments are to be applied prospectively. 
The previous mandatory effective date of amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 was removed by the HKICPA. 
However, the amendments are available for adoption now.
Amendments to HKAS 21 Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation Currency require the translation from 
a non-hyperinflationary functional currency into a hyperinflationary presentation currency at the closing rate. The 
amendments also require an entity whose functional currency and presentation currency are the currency of a 
hyperinflationary economy to restate the comparative amounts of a foreign operation whose functional currency is 
that of a non-hyperinflationary economy, by applying the general price index, in accordance with paragraph 34 
of HKAS 29 Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies, to the foreign operation’s comparative figures. 
The amendments introduce certain additional disclosures. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not 
expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.


--- page 99 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
98
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
2.3 Issued but not yet effective HKFRS accounting standards (continued)
Annual Improvements to HKFRS Accounting Standards – Volume 11 set out amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 7 
(and the accompanying Guidance on implementing HKFRS 7), HKFRS 9, HKFRS 10 and HKAS 7. Details of the 
amendments that are expected to be applicable to the Group are as follows:
•
 HKFRS 
7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures: The amendments have updated certain wording in paragraph 
B38 of HKFRS 7 and paragraphs IG1, IG14 and IG20B of the Guidance on implementing HKFRS 7 
for the purpose of simplification or achieving consistency with other paragraphs in the standard and/or 
with the concepts and terminology used in other standards. In addition, the amendments clarify that the 
Guidance on implementing HKFRS 7 does not necessarily illustrate all the requirements in the referenced 
paragraphs of HKFRS 7 nor does it create additional requirements. Earlier application is permitted. The 
amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.
•
 HKFRS 9 
Financial Instruments: The amendments clarify that when a lessee has determined that a lease 
liability has been extinguished in accordance with HKFRS 9, the lessee is required to apply paragraph 
3.3.3 of HKFRS 9 and recognise any resulting gain or loss in profit or loss. However, the amendments 
do not address how a lessee distinguishes between a lease modification as defined in HKFRS 16 and an 
extinguishment of a lease liability in accordance with HKFRS 9. In addition, the amendments have updated 
certain wording in paragraph 5.1.3 of HKFRS 9 and Appendix A of HKFRS 9 to remove potential 
confusion. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant 
impact on the Group’s financial statements.
•
 HKFRS 10 
Consolidated Financial Statements: The amendments clarify that the relationship described in 
paragraph B74 of HKFRS 10 is just one example of various relationships that might exist between the 
investor and other parties acting as de facto agents of the investor, which removes the inconsistency with 
the requirement in paragraph B73 of HKFRS 10. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not 
expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.
•
 HKAS 
7 Statement of Cash Flows: The amendments replace the term “cost method” with “at cost” in 
paragraph 37 of HKAS 7 following the prior deletion of the definition of “cost method”. Earlier application 
is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any impact on the Group’s financial statements.
2.4 Material accounting policies
Investments in associates and joint ventures
An associate is an entity in which the Group has a long term interest of generally not less than 20% of the equity 
voting rights and over which it has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to participate in the 
financial and operating policy decisions of the investee, but is not control or joint control over those policies.
A joint venture is a type of joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement 
have rights to the net assets of the joint venture. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an 
arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require the unanimous consent of the 
parties sharing control.
The Group’s investments in associates and joint ventures are stated in the consolidated statement of financial 
position at the Group’s share of net assets under the equity method of accounting, less any impairment losses. 
Adjustments are made to bring into line any dissimilar accounting policies that may exist.


--- page 100 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
99
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
Investments in associates and joint ventures (continued)
The Group’s share of the post-acquisition results and other comprehensive income of associates and joint ventures 
is included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and consolidated statement of comprehensive income, 
respectively. In addition, when there has been a change recognised directly in the equity of the associate or 
joint venture, the Group recognises its share of any changes, when applicable, in the consolidated statement of 
changes in equity. Unrealised gains and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates 
or joint ventures are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s investments in the associates or joint ventures, except 
where unrealised losses provide evidence of an impairment of the assets transferred. Goodwill arising from the 
acquisition of associates or joint ventures is included as part of the Group’s investments in associates or joint 
ventures.
Upon loss of significant influence over the associate or joint control over the joint venture, the Group measures and 
recognises any retained investment at its fair value. Any difference between the carrying amount of the associate 
or joint venture upon loss of significant influence or joint control and the fair value of the retained investment and 
proceeds from disposal is recognised in profit or loss.
Business combinations
Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred is measured 
at the acquisition date fair value which is the sum of the acquisition date fair values of assets transferred by the 
Group, liabilities assumed by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by 
the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. For each business combination, the Group elects whether to 
measure the non-controlling interests in the acquiree at fair value or at the proportionate share of the acquiree’s 
identifiable net assets. All other components of non-controlling interests are measured at fair value. Acquisition-
related costs are expensed as incurred.
The Group determines that it has acquired a business when the acquired set of activities and assets includes an 
input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs.
When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets and liabilities assumed for appropriate 
classification and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic circumstances and pertinent 
conditions as at the acquisition date. This includes the separation of embedded derivatives in host contracts of the 
acquiree.
Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer is recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. 
Contingent consideration classified as an asset or liability is measured at fair value with changes in fair value 
recognised in profit or loss. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured and subsequent 
settlement is accounted for within equity.
Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred, the 
amount recognised for non-controlling interests and any fair value of the Group’s previously held equity interests in 
the acquiree over the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. If the sum of this consideration and other 
items is lower than the fair value of the net assets acquired, the difference is, after reassessment, recognised in 
profit or loss as a gain on bargain purchase.


--- page 101 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
100
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
Fair value measurement
The Group measures its land and buildings, investment properties, financial assets at fair value through profit or 
loss, bills receivable and equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income at the end of each 
reporting period. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an 
orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on 
the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either in the principal market 
for the asset or liability, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or 
liability. The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Group. The fair value of an 
asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or 
liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.
A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to generate 
economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that 
would use the asset in its highest and best use.
The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data 
are available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of 
unobservable inputs.
All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised 
within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair 
value measurement as a whole:
Level 1 – based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
Level 2 – based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the value 
measurement is observable, either directly or indirectly
Level 3 – based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair 
value measurement is unobservable
For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group determines 
whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing categorisation (based on the 
lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting period.


--- page 102 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
101
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
Impairment of non-financial assets
Where an indication of impairment exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required (other than 
inventories, contract assets, deferred tax assets, financial assets and investment properties), the asset’s recoverable 
amount is estimated. An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of the asset’s or cash-generating unit’s value in 
use and its fair value less costs of disposal, and is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not 
generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets or groups of assets, in which case 
the recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.
An impairment loss is recognised only if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount. In assessing 
value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that 
reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. An impairment loss is 
charged to the statement of profit or loss in the period in which it arises in those expense categories consistent with 
the function of the impaired asset.
An assessment is made at the end of each reporting period as to whether there is an indication that previously 
recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such an indication exists, the 
recoverable amount is estimated. A previously recognised impairment loss of an asset other than goodwill is 
reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount of that 
asset, but not to an amount higher than the carrying amount that would have been determined (net of any 
depreciation/amortisation) had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset in prior years. A reversal of such 
an impairment loss is credited to the statement of profit or loss in the period in which it arises, unless the asset is 
carried at a revalued amount, in which case the reversal of the impairment loss is accounted for in accordance 
with the relevant accounting policy for that revalued asset.


--- page 103 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
102
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
Related parties
A party is considered to be related to the Group if:
(a)
 the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person
(i)
 has control or joint control over the Group;
(ii)
 has significant influence over the Group; or
(iii)
 is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;
or
(b)
 the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:
(i)
 the entity and the Group are members of the same group;
(
ii) one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or fellow
 
subsidiary of the other entity);
(iii)
 the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;
(iv)
 one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;
(v)
 the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an 
entity related to the Group;
(vi)
 the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);
(
vii) a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
 
management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and
(viii)
 the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel 
services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.


--- page 104 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
103
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
Property, plant and equipment and depreciation
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost or valuation less accumulated depreciation and any impairment 
losses. The cost of an item of property, plant and equipment comprises its purchase price and any directly 
attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working condition and location for its intended use.
Expenditure incurred after items of property, plant and equipment have been put into operation, such as repairs 
and maintenance, is normally charged to the statement of profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred. In 
situations where the recognition criteria are satisfied, the expenditure for a major inspection is capitalised in the 
carrying amount of the asset as a replacement. Where significant parts of property, plant and equipment are 
required to be replaced at intervals, the Group recognises such parts as individual assets with specific useful lives 
and depreciates them accordingly.
Valuations are performed frequently enough to ensure that the fair value of a revalued asset does not differ 
materially from its carrying amount. Changes in the values of property, plant and equipment are dealt with as 
movements in a revaluation reserve. If the total of this reserve is insufficient to cover a deficit, on an individual asset 
basis, the excess of the deficit is charged to the statement of profit or loss. Any subsequent revaluation surplus is 
credited to the statement of profit or loss to the extent of the deficit previously charged. An annual transfer from 
the asset revaluation surplus to accumulated losses is made for the difference between depreciation based on the 
revalued carrying amount of the assets and depreciation based on its original cost. On disposal of a revalued 
asset, the relevant portion of the asset revaluation reserve realised in respect of previous valuations is transferred to 
accumulated losses as a movement in reserves.
Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of property, plant and 
equipment to its residual value over its estimated useful life. The principal annual rates used for this purpose are as 
follows:
Land and buildings Over the lease term
Leasehold improvements 20%
Furniture, fixtures and office equipment 20% to 33
1/3%
Machinery and equipment 12.5%
Motor vehicles 10% to 25%
Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost or valuation of that 
item is allocated on a reasonable basis among the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Residual values, 
useful lives and the depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at least at each financial year 
end.
An item of property, plant and equipment including any significant part initially recognised is derecognised upon 
disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss on disposal 
or retirement recognised in the statement of profit or loss in the year the asset is derecognised is the difference 
between the net sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant asset.


--- page 105 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
104
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
Investment properties
Investment properties are interests in land and buildings held to earn rental income and/or for capital 
appreciation. Such properties are measured initially at cost, including transaction costs. Subsequent to initial 
recognition, investment properties are stated at fair value, which reflects market conditions at the end of the 
reporting period.
Gains or losses arising from changes in the fair values of investment properties are included in the statement of 
profit or loss in the year in which they arise.
Any gains or losses on the retirement or disposal of an investment property are recognised in the statement of profit 
or loss in the year of the retirement or disposal.
For a transfer from investment properties to owner-occupied properties or inventories, the deemed cost of a 
property for subsequent accounting is its fair value at the date of change in use. If a property occupied by the 
Group as an owner-occupied property becomes an investment property, the Group accounts for such property in 
accordance with the policy stated under “Property, plant and equipment and depreciation” for owned property 
and/or accounts for such property in accordance with the policy stated under “Right-of-use assets” for property 
held as a right-of-use asset up to the date of change in use, and any difference at that date between the carrying 
amount and the fair value of the property is accounted for as a revaluation in accordance with the policy stated 
under “Property, plant and equipment and depreciation” above.
Intangible assets (other than goodwill)
Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of intangible assets 
acquired in a business combination is the fair value at the date of acquisition. The useful lives of intangible assets 
are assessed to be either finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with finite lives are subsequently amortised over the 
useful economic life and assessed for impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be 
impaired. The amortisation period and the amortisation method for an intangible asset with a finite useful life are 
reviewed at least at each financial year end.
Patents and licences
Purchased patents and licences are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortised on the straight-line 
basis over their estimated useful lives of 5 to 10 years.
Research and development costs
All research costs are charged to the statement of profit or loss as incurred.
Expenditure incurred on projects to develop new products is capitalised and deferred only when the Group can 
demonstrate the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale, 
its intention to complete and its ability to use or sell the asset, how the asset will generate future economic benefits, 
the availability of resources to complete the project and the ability to measure reliably the expenditure during the 
development. Product development expenditure which does not meet these criteria is expensed when incurred.


--- page 106 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
105
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
Leases
The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, 
lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for 
consideration.
Group as a lessee
The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases and 
leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use assets 
representing the right to use the underlying assets.
(a)
 Right-of-use assets
Right-of-use assets are recognised at the commencement date of the lease (that is the date the underlying 
asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and 
any impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets
 
includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made 
at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received.
Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease terms and the 
estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:
Office and warehouse 1 to 5 years
If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group by the end of the lease term or the cost reflects the 
exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life of the asset.
(b)
 Lease liabilities
Lease liabilities are recognised at the commencement date of the lease at the present value of lease
 
payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in 
substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an 
index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments 
also include the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and 
payments of penalties for termination of a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the option to 
terminate the lease. The variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised 
as an expense in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.
In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate at the 
lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After 
the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and 
reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if 
there is a modification, a change in the lease term, a change in lease payments (e.g., a change to future 
lease payments resulting from a change in an index or rate) or a change in assessment of an option to 
purchase the underlying asset.
(c)
 Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
The 
Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of properties (that is 
those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain 
a purchase option). Lease payments on short-term leases are recognised as an expense on a straight-line 
basis over the lease term.


--- page 107 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
106
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
Leases (continued)
Group as a lessor
When the Group acts as a lessor, it classifies at lease inception (or when there is a lease modification) each of its 
leases as either an operating lease or a finance lease.
Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an 
asset are classified as operating leases. When a contract contains lease and non-lease components, the Group 
allocates the consideration in the contract to each component on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. Rental 
income is accounted for on a straight-line basis over the lease term and is included in revenue in the statement 
of profit or loss due to its operating nature. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating 
lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised over the lease term on the same basis as 
rental income. Contingent rents are recognised as revenue in the period in which they are earned.
Investments and other financial assets
Initial recognition and measurement
Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value through 
other comprehensive income, and fair value through profit or loss.
The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual cash flow 
characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing them. With the exception of trade receivables that 
do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient 
of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group initially measures a financial asset at 
its fair value, plus in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs. Trade 
receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical 
expedient are measured at the transaction price determined under HKFRS 15 in accordance with the policies set 
out for “Revenue recognition” below.
In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through other 
comprehensive income, it needs to give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest (“SPPI”) 
on the principal amount outstanding. Financial assets with cash flows that are not SPPI are classified and measured 
at fair value through profit or loss, irrespective of the business model.
The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in order 
to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting contractual 
cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both. Financial assets classified and measured at amortised cost are 
held within a business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows, 
while financial assets classified and measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are held within 
a business model with the objective of both holding to collect contractual cash flows and selling. Financial assets 
which are not held within the aforementioned business models are classified and measured at fair value through 
profit or loss.
Purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally established by 
regulation or convention in the marketplace are recognised on the trade date, that is, the date that the Group 
commits to purchase or sell the asset.


--- page 108 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
107
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
Investments and other financial assets (continued)
Subsequent measurement
The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:
Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)
Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest method and are subject 
to impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in the statement of profit or loss when the asset is derecognised, 
modified or impaired.
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (debt instruments)
For debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, interest income, foreign exchange 
revaluation and impairment losses or reversals are recognised in the statement of profit or loss and computed 
in the same manner as for financial assets measured at amortised cost. The remaining fair value changes are 
recognised in other comprehensive income. Upon derecognition, the cumulative fair value change recognised in 
other comprehensive income is recycled to the statement of profit or loss.
Financial assets designated at fair value through other comprehensive income (equity investments)
Upon initial recognition, the Group can elect to classify irrevocably its equity investments as equity investments 
designated at fair value through other comprehensive income when they meet the definition of equity under 
HKAS 32 Financial Instruments: Presentation and are not held for trading. The classification is determined on an 
instrument-by-instrument basis.
Gains and losses on these financial assets are never recycled to the statement of profit or loss. Dividends are 
recognised as other income in the statement of profit or loss when the right of payment has been established, 
except when the Group benefits from such proceeds as a recovery of part of the cost of the financial asset, in 
which case, such gains are recorded in other comprehensive income. Equity investments designated at fair value 
through other comprehensive income are not subject to impairment assessment.
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial position at fair value 
with net changes in fair value recognised in the statement of profit or loss.
This category includes derivative instruments and equity investments which the Group had not irrevocably elected 
to classify at fair value through other comprehensive income. Dividends on the equity investments are also 
recognised as other income in the statement of profit or loss when the right of payment has been established.


--- page 109 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
108
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
Derecognition of financial assets
A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets) is 
primarily derecognised (i.e., removed from the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position) when:
•
 the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or
• the Group has transferred its 
rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation 
to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a “pass-through” 
arrangement; and either (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, 
or (b) the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but 
has transferred control of the asset.
When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass-through 
arrangement, it evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risk and rewards of ownership of the asset. 
When it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset nor transferred 
control of the asset, the Group continues to recognise the transferred asset to the extent of the Group’s continuing 
involvement. In that case, the Group also recognises an associated liability. The transferred asset and the associated 
liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the Group has retained.
Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the lower of the 
original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group could be required 
to repay.
Impairment of financial assets
The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for all debt instruments not held at 
fair value through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due 
in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an 
approximation of the original effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the sale 
of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.
General approach
ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase 
in credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events that are 
possible within the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for which there has been a 
significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected 
over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).
At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased 
significantly since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group compares the risk of a default 
occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial 
instrument as at the date of initial recognition and considers reasonable and supportable information that is 
available without undue cost or effort, including historical and forward-looking information. The Group considers 
that there has been a significant increase in credit risk when contractual payments are more than 30 days past 
due.


--- page 110 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
109
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
Impairment of financial assets (continued)
General approach (continued)
The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are aged more than 120 days. 
The Group has rebutted the 90 days past due presumption of default based on reasonable and supportable 
information, including the Group’s credit risk control practices and the historical recovery rate of financial assets 
over 90 days past due. However, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or 
external information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full before 
taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group.
A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.
Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets at amortised cost 
are subject to impairment under the general approach and they are classified within the following stages for 
measurement of ECLs except for trade receivables and contract assets which apply the simplified approach as 
detailed below.
Stage 1 – Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial 
recognition and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-month 
ECLs
Stage 2 – Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition 
but that are not credit-impaired financial assets and for which the loss allowance is 
measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs
Stage 3 – Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that are not purchased 
or originated credit-impaired) and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount 
equal to lifetime ECLs
Simplified approach
For trade receivables and contract assets that do not contain a significant financing component or when the Group 
applies the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group applies 
the simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Under the simplified approach, the Group does not track changes in 
credit risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group has 
established a provision matrix that is based on its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking 
factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment.
For trade receivables and contract assets that contain a significant financing component and lease receivables, 
the Group chooses as its accounting policy to adopt the simplified approach in calculating ECLs with policies as 
described above.


--- page 111 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
110
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
Financial liabilities
Initial recognition and measurement
Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, 
loans and borrowings, payables, or as derivatives designated as hedging instruments in an effective hedge, as 
appropriate.
All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and payables, 
net of directly attributable transaction costs.
The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and bills payables, financial liabilities included in other payables 
and accruals and lease liabilities.
Subsequent measurement
The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification as follows:
Financial liabilities at amortised cost (trade and other payables)
After initial recognition, trade and other payables and lease liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised 
cost, using the effective interest rate method unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which case 
they are stated at cost. Gains and losses are recognised in the statement of profit or loss when the liabilities are 
derecognised as well as through the effective interest rate amortisation process.
Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs that 
are an integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortisation is included in finance costs 
in the statement of profit or loss.
Derecognition of financial liabilities
A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled, or expires.
When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, 
or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as 
a derecognition of the original liability and a recognition of a new liability, and the difference between the 
respective carrying amounts is recognised in the statement of profit or loss.
Offsetting of financial instruments
Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statement of financial 
position if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to 
settle on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.
Inventories
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined on the weighted average 
basis. Net realisable value is based on estimated selling prices less any estimated costs to be incurred to 
completion and disposal.


--- page 112 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
111
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents in the statement of financial position comprise cash on hand and at banks, and short-
term highly liquid deposits with a maturity of generally within three months that are readily convertible into known 
amounts of cash, subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value and held for the purpose of meeting short-term 
cash commitments.
For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand 
and at banks, and short-term deposits as defined above, less bank overdrafts which are repayable on demand 
and form an integral part of the Group’s cash management.
Provisions
A provision is recognised when a present obligation (legal or constructive) has arisen as a result of a past event 
and it is probable that a future outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, provided that a 
reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.
When the effect of discounting is material, the amount recognised for a provision is the present value at the end of 
the reporting period of the future expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation. The increase in the 
discounted present value amount arising from the passage of time is included in finance costs in the statement of 
profit or loss.
The Group provides for warranties in relation to the sale of certain products for general repairs of defects occurring 
during the warranty period. Provisions for these assurance-type warranties granted by the Group are initially 
recognised based on sales volume and past experience of the level of repairs and returns, discounted to their 
present values as appropriate.
Income tax
Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax relating to items recognised outside profit or loss is 
recognised outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.
Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the 
taxation authorities, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end 
of the reporting period, taking into consideration interpretations and practices prevailing in the countries in which 
the Group operates.
Deferred tax is provided, using the liability method, on all temporary differences at the end of the reporting period 
between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes, except 
that deferred tax is not recognised for the Pillar Two income taxes.


--- page 113 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
112
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
Income tax (continued)
Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:
• when the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in
 
a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the 
accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible 
temporary differences; and
•
 in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint 
ventures, when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable 
that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused tax 
credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable 
profit 
will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused tax 
credits and unused tax losses can be utilised, except:
• when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary differences arises from the initial
 
recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the 
transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal 
taxable and deductible temporary differences; and
•
 in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and 
joint 
ventures, deferred tax assets are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that the temporary 
differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the 
temporary differences can be utilised.
The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the 
extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred 
tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at the end of each reporting period and 
are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all 
or part of the deferred tax asset to be recovered.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the 
asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively 
enacted by the end of the reporting period.
Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if and only if the Group has a legally enforceable right 
to set off current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities relate 
to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or different taxable entities 
which intend either to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the 
liabilities simultaneously, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are 
expected to be settled or recovered.


--- page 114 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
113
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
Government grants
Government grants are recognised at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be 
received and all attaching conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to an expense item, it is 
recognised as income on a systematic basis over the periods that the costs, which it is intended to compensate, 
are expensed.
Revenue recognition
Revenue from contracts with customers
Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of goods or services is transferred to the 
customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for 
those goods or services.
When the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the amount of consideration is estimated to 
which the Group will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods or services to the customer. The variable 
consideration is estimated at contract inception and constrained until it is highly probable that a significant revenue 
reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur when the associated uncertainty with the 
variable consideration is subsequently resolved.
When the contract contains a financing component which provides the customer with a significant benefit of 
financing the transfer of goods or services to the customer for more than one year, revenue is measured at the 
present value of the amount receivable, discounted using the discount rate that would be reflected in a separate 
financing transaction between the Group and the customer at contract inception. When the contract contains 
a financing component which provides the Group with a significant financial benefit for more than one year, 
revenue recognised under the contract includes the interest expense accreted on the contract liability under the 
effective interest method. For a contract where the period between the payment by the customer and the transfer 
of the promised goods or services is one year or less, the transaction price is not adjusted for the effects of a 
significant financing component, using the practical expedient in HKFRS 15.
Revenue from the sale of software, hardware and system integration is recognised at the point in time when control 
of the asset is transferred to the customer, generally on delivery of the software, hardware and system integration.
Revenue from other sources
Rental income is recognised on a time proportion basis over the lease terms.
Other income
Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying the rate that 
exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the financial instrument or a shorter 
period, when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.
Dividend income is recognised when the shareholders’ right to receive payment has been established, it is 
probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the amount of the 
dividend can be measured reliably.


--- page 115 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
114
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
Contract assets
If the Group performs by transferring goods or services to a customer before being unconditionally entitled to 
the consideration under the contract terms, a contract asset is recognised for the earned consideration that is 
conditional. Contract assets are subject to impairment assessment, details of which are included in the accounting 
policies for impairment of financial assets. They are reclassified to trade receivables when the right to the 
consideration becomes unconditional.
Contract costs
Other than the costs which are capitalised as inventories, property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, 
costs incurred to fulfil a contract with a customer are capitalised as an asset if all of the following criteria are met:
(a)
 The costs relate directly to a contract or to an anticipated contract that the entity can specifically identify;
(
b) T
he costs generate or enhance resources of the entity that will be used in satisfying (or in continuing to 
satisfy) performance obligations in the future; and
(c)
 The costs are expected to be recovered.
The capitalised contract costs are amortised and charged to the statement of profit or loss on a systematic basis 
that is consistent with the transfer to the customer of the goods or services to which the asset relates. Other contract 
costs are expensed as incurred.
Contract liabilities
A 
contract liability is recognised when a payment is received or a payment is due (whichever is earlier) from 
a customer before the Group transfers the related goods or services. Contract liabilities are recognised as 
revenue when the Group performs under the contract (i.e., transfers control of the related goods or services to the 
customer).
Employee benefits
Pension schemes
The Group operates defined contribution retirement benefit schemes for those employees who are eligible to 
participate. Contributions are made based on a percentage of the employees’ basic salaries and are charged to 
the statement of profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the respective schemes. The 
assets of the schemes are held separately from those of the Group in an independently administered fund.
When an employee leaves the Mandatory Provident Fund Exempted Occupational Retirement Schemes Ordinance 
retirement benefits scheme prior to his/her interest in the Group’s employer contributions vesting fully, the ongoing 
contributions payable by the Group will be reduced by the relevant amount of forfeited employer contributions. In 
respect of the Mandatory Provident Fund retirement benefit scheme, the Group’s employer mandatory contributions 
vest fully with the employees when contributed into the scheme except for the Group’s employer voluntary 
contributions, which are refunded to the Group when the employee leaves employment prior to the contributions 
vesting fully, in accordance with the rules of the scheme.


--- page 116 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
115
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
Employee benefits (continued)
Pension schemes (continued)
The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries which operate in Chinese Mainland are required to participate in a 
central pension scheme operated by the local municipal government. Contributions are made based on a certain 
percentage of the participating employees’ salaries and are charged to the statement of profit or loss as they 
become payable in accordance with the rules of the central pension scheme.
Termination benefits
Termination benefits are recognised at the earlier of when the Group can no longer withdraw the offer of those 
benefits and when the Group recognises restructuring costs involving the payment of termination benefits.
Borrowing costs
Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, i.e., assets 
that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are capitalised as part 
of the cost of those assets. The capitalisation of such borrowing costs ceases when the assets are substantially 
ready for their intended use or sale. All other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are 
incurred. Borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs that an entity incurs in connection with the borrowing 
of funds.
Events after the reporting period
If the Group receives information after the reporting period, but prior to the date of authorisation for issue, about 
conditions that existed at the end of the reporting period, it will assess whether the information affects the amounts 
that it recognises in its financial statements. The Group will adjust the amounts recognised in its financial statements 
to reflect any adjusting events after the reporting period and update the disclosures that relate to those conditions 
in light of the new information. For non-adjusting events after the reporting period, the Group will not change the 
amounts recognised in its financial statements, but will disclose the nature of the non-adjusting events and an estimate 
of their financial effects, or a statement that such an estimate cannot be made, if applicable.
Dividends
Final dividends are recognised as a liability when they are approved by the shareholders in a general meeting.
Interim dividends are simultaneously proposed and declared, because the Company’s memorandum and articles 
of association grant the directors the authority to declare interim dividends. Consequently, interim dividends are 
recognised immediately as a liability when they are proposed and declared.
Foreign currencies
These financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars, which is the Company’s functional currency. 
Each entity in the Group determines its own functional currency and items included in the financial statements of 
each entity are measured using that functional currency. Foreign currency transactions recorded by the entities 
in the Group are initially recorded using their respective functional currency rates prevailing at the dates of the 
transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the functional 
currency rates of exchange ruling at the end of the reporting period. Differences arising on settlement or translation 
of monetary items are recognised in the statement of profit or loss.


--- page 117 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
116
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
Foreign currencies (continued)
Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the 
exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign 
currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value was measured. The gain or loss 
arising on translation of a non-monetary item measured at fair value is treated in line with the recognition of the 
gain or loss on change in fair value of the item (i.e., translation difference on the item whose fair value gain or loss is 
recognised in other comprehensive income or profit or loss is also recognised in other comprehensive income or 
profit or loss, respectively).
In determining the exchange rate on initial recognition of the related asset, expense or income on the 
derecognition of a non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability relating to an advance consideration, the date 
of initial transaction is the date on which the Group initially recognises the non-monetary asset or non-monetary 
liability arising from the advance consideration. If there are multiple payments or receipts in advance, the Group 
determines the transaction date for each payment or receipt of the advance consideration.
The functional currencies of certain overseas subsidiaries and associates not operating in Hong Kong are 
currencies other than the Hong Kong dollar. As at the end of the reporting period, the assets and liabilities of these 
entities are translated into Hong Kong dollars at the exchange rates prevailing at the end of the reporting period 
and their statements of profit or loss are translated into Hong Kong dollars at the exchange rates that approximate 
to those prevailing at the dates of the transactions.
The resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the 
exchange fluctuation reserve. On disposal of a foreign operation, the cumulative amount in the reserve relating to 
that particular foreign operation is recognised in the statement of profit or loss.
For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, the cash flows of overseas subsidiaries are translated 
into Hong Kong dollars at the exchange rates ruling at the dates of the cash flows. Frequently recurring cash flows 
of overseas subsidiaries which arise throughout the year are translated into Hong Kong dollars at the weighted 
average exchange rates for the year.


--- page 118 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
117
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
The preparation of the Group’s financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions 
that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and their accompanying disclosures, and the 
disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that could 
require a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the assets or liabilities affected in the future.
Judgements
In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the following judgements, apart from 
those involving estimations, which have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements:
Deferred tax assets
Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be 
available against which the losses can be utilised. Significant management judgement is required to determine the amount 
of deferred tax assets that can be recognised, based upon the likely timing and the level of future taxable profits, together 
with future tax planning strategies.
The Group has tax losses of HK$1,048,902,000 (2024: HK$933,899,000) carried forward. These losses related to 
subsidiaries that have a history of losses, have not expired, and may not be used to offset taxable income elsewhere in 
the Group. The subsidiaries have neither any taxable temporary difference nor any tax planning opportunities available 
that could partly support the recognition of these losses as deferred tax assets. On this basis, the Group has determined 
that it cannot recognise deferred tax assets on the tax losses carried forward.
If the Group had been able to recognise all unrecognised deferred tax assets, the profit and equity would have increased 
by HK$163,008,000. Further details on deferred taxes are disclosed in note 27 to the financial statements.
Classification between investment properties and owner-occupied properties
The Group determines whether a property qualifies as an investment property, and has developed criteria in making that 
judgement. Investment property is a property held to earn rentals or for capital appreciation or both. Therefore, the Group 
considers whether a property generates cash flows largely independently of the other assets held by the Group. Some 
properties
 comprise a portion that is held to earn rentals or for capital appreciation and another portion that is held for use
 
in the production or supply of goods or services or for administrative purposes. If these portions could be sold separately 
or leased out separately under a finance lease, the Group accounts for the portions separately. If the portions could not 
be sold separately, the property is an investment property only if an insignificant portion is held for use in the production 
or supply of goods or services or for administrative purposes. Judgement is made on an individual property basis to 
determine whether ancillary services are so significant that a property does not qualify as an investment property.


--- page 119 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
118
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (continued)
Estimation uncertainty
The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting 
period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within 
the next financial year, are described below.
Provision for expected credit losses on trade receivables and contract assets
The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade receivables and contract assets. The provision rates are 
based on the invoice date for groupings of various customer segments that have similar loss patterns.
The provision matrix is initially based on the Group’s historical observed default rates. The Group will calibrate the matrix 
to adjust the historical credit loss experience with forward-looking information. For instance, if forecast industry conditions 
are expected to deteriorate over the next year which can lead to an increased number of defaults, the historical default 
rates are adjusted. At each reporting date, the historical observed default rates are updated and changes in the forward-
looking estimates are analysed.
The assessment of the correlation among historical observed default rates, forecast economic conditions and ECLs is 
a significant estimate. The amount of ECLs is sensitive to changes in circumstances and forecast economic conditions. 
The Group’s historical credit loss experience and forecast of economic conditions may also not be representative of a 
customer’s actual default in the future. The information about the ECLs on the Group’s trade receivables and contract assets 
are disclosed in notes 19 and 20 to the financial statements, respectively.
Provision for obsolete inventories
Management reviews the ageing analysis of inventories of the Group at the end of each reporting period, and makes 
provision for obsolete and slow-moving inventory items identified that are no longer suitable for sale. Management estimates 
the net realisable value for such inventories based primarily on the latest invoice prices and current market conditions. If 
the market condition was to deteriorate so that the actual provision might be higher than expected, the Group would be 
required to revise the basis of making the provision and its future results would be affected.
Fair value of investment properties and land and buildings
Investment properties and land and buildings are carried in the statement of financial position at their fair values. The fair 
value was based on a valuation on the properties conducted by an independent firm of professionally qualified valuers using 
property valuation techniques which involve making assumptions on certain market conditions. Favourable or unfavourable 
changes to these assumptions would result in changes in the fair values of the Group’s investment properties and land 
and buildings and the corresponding adjustments to the gain or loss recognised in the statement of profit or loss and the 
land and buildings revaluation reserve, respectively. Further details, including the key assumptions used for fair value 
measurement, are given in notes 12 and 13 to the financial statements.


--- page 120 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
119
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
4. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION
The Group is primarily engaged in the sale of software, hardware and system integration. Given that the chief operating 
decision maker of the Company considers that the Group’s business is operated and managed as a single segment, 
accordingly, no segment information is presented.
Geographical information
(a) Revenue from external customers
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Chinese mainland 902,515 920,245
Hong Kong 4,393 4,462
Other 254 147   
Total revenue 907,162 924,854   
The revenue information above is based on the locations of the customers.
(b)
 Non-current assets
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Chinese mainland 167,716 177,193
Hong Kong 130,777 149,072
Other – 2,191   
Total non-current assets 298,493 328,456   
The non-current asset information above is based on the locations of the assets and excludes financial instruments 
and pledged deposits.
Information about major customers
During the year, there was no revenue derived from transactions with a single external customer which individually 
accounted for 10% or more of the Group’s revenue (2024: Nil).


--- page 121 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
120
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
5. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS
An analysis of revenue is as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Revenue from contracts with customers 901,770 919,251
Revenue from other sources
Rental income from investment property operating leases 5,392 5,603   
Total 907,162 924,854   
Revenue from contracts with customers
(i) Disaggregated revenue information
For the year ended 31 December 2025
Total
HK$’000  
Types of goods or services
Sale of software, hardware and system integration 901,770  
Geographical markets
Chinese mainland 901,516
Others 254  
Total 901,770  
Timing of revenue recognition
Goods transferred at a point in time 901,770
  


--- page 122 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
121
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
5. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (continued)
Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
(i)
 Disaggregated revenue information 
(continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2024
Total
HK$’000  
Types of goods or services
Sale of software, hardware and system integration 919,251  
Geographical markets
Chinese mainland 919,104
Others 147  
Total 919,251  
Timing of revenue recognition
Goods transferred at a point in time 919,251
  
The following table shows the amounts of revenue recognised in the current reporting period that were included in 
the contract liabilities at the beginning of the reporting period:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Revenue recognised that was included in contract liabilities  
at the beginning of the reporting period:
Sale of software, hardware and system integration 37,593 35,687   
Total 37,593 35,687   


--- page 123 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
122
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
5. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (continued)
Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
(ii)
 Performance obligations
Information about the Group’s performance obligations is summarised below:
Sale of software, hardware and system integration
The performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery of software, hardware and system integration and payment 
is generally due within 90 days from the invoice date, except for new customers, where payment in advance is 
normally required. A certain percentage of payment is retained by customers until the end of the retention period as
 
the Group’s entitlement to the final payment is conditional on the satisfaction of the goods’ quality by the customers 
over a certain period as stipulated in the contracts.
The amounts of transaction prices allocated to the remaining performance obligations (unsatisfied or partially 
unsatisfied) as at 31 December are as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Amounts expected to be recognised as revenue:
Within one year 48,608 42,978   
The amounts disclosed above do not include variable consideration which is constrained.
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Other income
Bank interest income 9,450 12,448
Government grants (note) 33,731 39,363
Others 5,266 4,347   
Total other income 48,447 56,158   
Gains
Gain on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment 91 92
Gain on bargain purchase (note 6) 211 –
Fair value gains on financial assets at fair value through  
profit or loss, net – 369
   
Total gains 302 461   
Total other income and gains 48,749 56,619   
Note: Various government grants have been received for the sale of software approved by the PRC tax authority and the development 
of softwar
e in Chinese mainland. The government grants have been recognised upon sales of approved software and 
completion of the development of related software. There are no unfulfilled conditions or contingencies relating to these grants.


--- page 124 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
123
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
6. PROFIT BEFORE TAX
The Group’s profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):
2025 2024
Notes HK$’000 HK$’000    
Auditor’s remuneration 2,980 2,913
Cost of inventories sold and services provided** 459,067 468,872
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment 12 11,770 12,786
Depreciation of right-of-use assets 14(a) 1,426 2,544
Amortisation of intangible assets 15 250 –
Lease payments not included in the measurement of lease 
liabilities
14(c)
20,911 20,690
Impairment of trade receivables and contract assets 19/20 836 9,070
Impairment of deposits and other receivables 21 11 739
Reversal of impairment of entrusted loan* (8,384) (9,751)
Loss on write-off of inventories* 941 1,888
(Reverse of provision)/provision for obsolete inventories** (1,022) 1,647
Research and development costs:
Current year expenditure* 173,081 166,035
Employee benefit expense (including directors' and chief 
executive’s remuneration (note 8)):
Wages and salaries 208,470 208,362
Pension scheme contributions*** 39,185 39,770    
Total 247,655 248,132    
Foreign exchange differences, net 323 2,701
Direct operating expenses (including repair and maintenance) 
arising on rental-earning investment properties 422 434
Loss on disposal of subsidiaries* 30 4,131 –
Gain on bargain purchase 5 (211) –
Fair value gains on financial assets at fair value through profit 
or loss, net – (369)
Fair value losses on investment properties* 13 15,462 20,669    
* These items are included in “Other expenses, net” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.
**
 These items are included in “Cost of sales” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.
***
 At 31 December 2025, the Group had no forfeited contributions available to reduce its contributions to the pension schemes in 
future 
years (2024: Nil).


--- page 125 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
124
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
7. FINANCE COSTS
An analysis of finance costs is as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Interest on lease liabilities 79 115   
8. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION
Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the Rules Governing the Listing of 
Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Hong Kong Stock Exchange”) (the “Listing Rules”), 
section 383(1)(a), (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of 
Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Fees 540 540   
Other emoluments:
Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind 1,680 2,048
Performance related bonuses* 1,593 1,107
Pension scheme contributions 128 142   
Subtotal 3,401 3,297   
Total 3,941 3,837   
* Certain executive directors of the Company are entitled to bonus payments which are determined with reference to the performanc e of 
the Group’s operations.
(a) Independent non-executive directors
The fees paid to independent non-executive directors during the year were as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Mr Chan Chung Kik, Lewis1 180 180
Ms Tam Mei Chu2 – –
Mr Lai Nga Ming 180 180
Mr Chak Chi Shing 180 180   
Total 540 540   
1 Resigned on 31 December 2025
2 Appointed on 31 December 2025
There were no other emoluments payable to the independent non-executive directors during the year (2024: Nil). 


--- page 126 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
125
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
8. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (continued)
(b) Executive directors
Fees
Salaries, 
allowances 
and benefits 
in kind
Performance 
related 
bonuses
Pension 
scheme 
contributions
Total 
remuneration
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000      
2025
Mr Shao Xing#* – 90 903 – 993
Mr Zhang Jian Guo* – 1,070 690 74 1,834
Mr Wang Jin Chao – – – – –
Mr Guo Song1 – 520 – 54 574
Mr Xu Cheng Jie2 – – – – –
Mr Qi Zi Xin3 – – – – –
Mr Li Shuo Feng5 – – – – –
Ms Wu Jing – – – – –      
Total – 1,680 1,593 128 3,401      
2024
Mr Shao Xing
#* – 1,159 – 71 1,230
Mr Zhang Jian Guo* – 889 1,107 71 2,067
Mr Wang Jin Chao – – – – –
Mr Hu Bin4 – – – – –
Mr Li Shuo Feng5 – – – – –
Mr Qi Zi Xin – – – – –
Ms Wu Jing – – – – –      
Total – 2,048 1,107 142 3,297      
# Mr Shao Xing resigned as an executive director of the Company with effect from 9 January 2025. The remuneration received 
by 
Mr Shao Xing from the Group after his resignation as director was not included as director’s remuneration above since the 
services provided by him to the Group was not in the capacity of director of the Company.
*
 Mr Shao Xing was the former chief executive officer (“CEO”) of the Group, resigned as the CEO on 17 December 2024. Mr 
Zhang Jian Guo was appointed as the CEO on 17 December 2024.
1 Appointed on 9 January 2025
2 Appointed on 9 January 2025
3 Resigned on 9 January 2025
4 Resigned on 10 April 2024
5 Appointed on 10 April 2024
There was no arrangement under which a director or the chief executive waived or agreed to waive any 
remuneration during the year.


--- page 127 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
126
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
9. FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
The five highest paid employees during the year included two (2024: two) directors, details of whose remuneration are 
set out in note 8 above. Details of the remuneration of the remaining three (2024: three) highest paid employees who are 
neither a director nor chief executive of the Company are as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind 3,308 3,133
Performance related bonuses 2,277 931
Pension scheme contributions 224 219   
Total 5,809 4,283   
The number of non-director and non-chief executive, highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within the following 
band is as follows:
2025 2024   
HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000 – 3
HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000 2 –
HK$2,000,001 to HK$2,500,000 1 –   
3 3   
10. INCOME TAX
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Current – Hong Kong profits tax
Charge for the year 16 –
Overprovision in prior years – (11)
Current – Chinese mainland (excluding Pillar Two income taxes)
Charge for the year 2 6
Underprovision in prior years 20 2
Withholding tax at 5% on the distributable profits of the Group’s PRC 
subsidiaries 1,087 –
Pillar Two income taxes – current tax* 3,405 –
Deferred (note 27) (1,934) (1,581)   
Total tax charge/(credit) for the year 2,596 (1,584)   
* The current tax expense mainly relates to Chinese mainland.


--- page 128 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
127
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
10. INCOME TAX (continued)
Hong Kong profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% (2024:16.5%) on the estimated assessable profits arising 
in Hong Kong during the year.
Taxes on profits assessable in Chinese mainland have been calculated at the statutory PRC corporate income tax (“CIT”) 
rate of 25%. Certain subsidiaries of the Group are entitled to preferential tax treatments of reduction in the CIT rate to 
15% or 5%.
A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to profit before tax at the statutory rates for the jurisdictions in which the 
Company and the majority of its subsidiaries are domiciled and/or operate to the tax expense at the effective tax rates, 
and a reconciliation of the applicable rates (i.e., the statutory tax rates) to the effective tax rates are as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 % HK$’000 %     
Profit before tax 32,754 46,272     
Tax at the statutory tax rate 10,003 30.5 13,806 29.8
Lower tax rate for specific provinces or  
enacted by local authority (5,653) (17.3) (7,206) (15.6)
Effect of withholding tax at 5% on the 
distributable profits of the Group’s PRC 
subsidiaries 1,087 3.3 – –
Adjustments in respect of current tax of  
previous periods 20 0.1 (9) –
Effect on changes in tax rates (887) (2.7) (848) (1.8)
Pillar Two income taxes 3,405 10.4 – –
Profits attributable to associates – – (34) (0.1)
Income not subject to tax (174) (0.5) (335) (0.7)
Expenses not deductible for tax 4,020 12.3 4,637 10.0
Research and development super deduction (21,799) (66.6) (22,407) (48.4)
Tax losses utilised from previous periods (199) (0.6) (2) –
Temporary difference not recognised 93 0.3 16 –
Tax losses not recognised 12,680 38.7 10,798 23.3
     
Tax credit at the Group's effective rate 2,596 7.9 (1,584) (3.4)     
No share of tax attributable to associates (2024: HK$33) is included in “Share of profits of associates” in the 
consolidated statement of profit or loss.


--- page 129 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
128
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
10. INCOME TAX (continued)
Pillar Two income taxes
The Group is within the scope of the Pillar Two model rules. The Group has applied the temporary mandatory exception 
to recognising and disclosing information about deferred tax assets and liabilities arising from Pillar Two income taxes. 
From 1 January 2025, the Group is liable to Pillar Two income taxes under the Hong Kong Inland Revenue (Amendment) 
(Minimum Tax for Multinational Enterprise Groups) Ordinance 2025 for its earnings in Hong Kong. The Group will 
account for the additional Pillar Two income taxes as current tax when incurred. Pillar Two legislation has been enacted as 
at 31 December 2025 in certain jurisdictions in which the Group operates. 
The Group has performed an assessment of its exposure to Pillar Two income taxes based on the information available 
regarding the Group’s financial performance in the current year. As such, the information used is not entirely representative 
of the actual circumstances in 2025. Based on the assessment, the Group has identified potential exposure from the 
subsidiaries in respect of profits earned in Chinese mainland jurisdiction where the Pillar Two effective tax rate is below 
15% due to certain income exemptions and incentives enjoyed. The Group continues to follow Pillar Two legislative 
developments, as more countries prepare to enact the Pillar Two model rules, to evaluate the potential future impact on its 
financial statements.
11. EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE 
PARENT
The calculation of the basic earnings per share amounts is based on the profit for the year attributable to ordinary equity 
holders of the parent, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of 1,161,585,000 (2024: 1,199,746,993) 
outstanding during the year.
The Group had no potentially dilutive ordinary shares outstanding during the years ended 31 December 2025 and 
2024.


--- page 130 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
129
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
12. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
31 December 2025
Land and 
buildings
Leasehold 
improvements
Furniture, 
fixtures 
and office 
equipment
Machinery 
and 
equipment
Motor 
vehicles Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000       
At 1 January 2025
Cost or valuation 174,687 20,602 40,536 4,991 3,562 244,378
Accumulated depreciation – (19,000) (36,664) (3,444) (3,275) (62,383)       
Net carrying amount 174,687 1,602 3,872 1,547 287 181,995       
At 1 January 2025, net of 
accumulated depreciation 174,687 1,602 3,872 1,547 287 181,995
Additions – – 3,726 135 3 3,864
Transfers from inventory – – – 2,831 – 2,831
Disposals – – (36) – (5) (41)
Acquisition of a subsidiary  
(note 29) – – 25 – – 25
Transfer to an investment property 
(note 13) (1,420) – – – – (1,420)
Transfers from investment  
properties (note 13) 2,840 – – – – 2,840
Deficit on revaluation (14,358) – – – – (14,358)
Depreciation provided during the 
year 
(note 6) (7,497) (984) (2,589) (645) (55) (11,770)
Exchange realignment 3,256 24 93 28 11 3,412       
At 31 December 2025, net of 
accumulated depreciation 157,508 642 5,091 3,896 241 167,378       
At 31 December 2025
Cost or valuation 157,508 20,820 42,998 8,055 3,341 232,722
Accumulated depreciation – (20,178) (37,907) (4,159) (3,100) (65,344)       
Net carrying amount 157,508 642 5,091 3,896 241 167,378       


--- page 131 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
130
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
12. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued)
31 December 2024
Land and 
buildings
Leasehold 
improvements
Furniture, 
fixtures 
and office 
equipment
Machinery 
and 
equipment
Motor 
vehicles Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000       
At 1 January 2024
Cost or valuation 232,080 20,790 44,699 5,090 5,366 308,025
Accumulated depreciation – (17,932) (40,261) (2,917) (5,017) (66,127)       
Net carrying amount 232,080 2,858 4,438 2,173 349 241,898       
At 1 January 2024, net of 
accumulated depreciation 232,080 2,858 4,438 2,173 349 241,898
Additions – – 2,072 10 – 2,082
Transfers from inventory – – 394 – – 394
Disposals – – (3) – – (3)
Transfers to investment properties 
(note 13) (35,456) – – – – (35,456)
Deficit on revaluation (10,971) – – – – (10,971)
Depreciation provided during the 
year (note 6) (7,933) (1,218) (2,981) (599) (55) (12,786)
Exchange realignment (3,033) (38) (48) (37) (7) (3,163)       
At 31 December 2024, net of 
accumulated depreciation 174,687 1,602 3,872 1,547 287 181,995       
At 31 December 2024
Cost or valuation 174,687 20,602 40,536 4,991 3,562 244,378
Accumulated depreciation – (19,000) (36,664) (3,444) (3,275) (62,383)       
Net carrying amount 174,687 1,602 3,872 1,547 287 181,995       


--- page 132 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
131
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
12. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued)
The Group’s land and buildings consist of one residential property and one commercial property in the PRC and certain 
commercial properties in Hong Kong. The directors of the Company have determined that the land and buildings consist 
of two classes of asset, i.e., commercial properties and residential property, based on the nature, characteristics and risks 
of each property. The Group’s land and buildings were revalued on 31 December 2025 and 2024 based on valuations 
performed by LCH (Asia-Pacific) Surveyors Limited, independent professionally qualified valuers, at HK$157,508,000 
and HK$174,687,000, respectively. Each year, the Group’s management decides to appoint which external valuer to 
be responsible for the external valuations of the Group’s land and buildings. Selection criteria include market knowledge, 
reputation, independence and whether professional standards are maintained. The Group’s management has discussions 
with the valuer on the valuation assumptions and valuation results when the valuation is performed for annual financial 
reporting.
Had these land and buildings been carried at historical cost less accumulated depreciation, their carrying amount would 
have been approximately HK$11,708,000 (2024: HK$12,263,000).
At 31 December 2025 and 2024, none of the Group’s land and buildings was pledged to secure general banking 
facilities granted to the Group. 
Fair value hierarchy
The following table illustrates the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s land and buildings:
Fair value measurement 
as at 31 December 2025 using   
Quoted 
prices in 
active markets
Significant 
observable 
inputs
Significant 
unobservable 
inputs
Total(Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3)
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000     
Recurring fair value measurement for:
Commercial properties – – 37,430 37,430
Residential properties – – 120,078 120,078
     
Total – – 157,508 157,508     


--- page 133 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
132
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
12. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued)
Fair value hierarchy (continued)
Fair value measurement
as at 31 December 2024 using   
Quoted 
prices in 
active markets
Significant 
observable 
inputs
Significant 
unobservable 
inputs
Total (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3)
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000     
Recurring fair value measurement for:
Commercial properties – – 41,120 41,120
Residential properties – – 132,147 132,147
Car parking spaces – – 1,420 1,420     
Total – – 174,687 174,687     
During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no transfers into or 
out of Level 3 (2024: Nil).
Reconciliation of fair value measurements categorised within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy:
Commercial 
properties
Residential 
properties
Car parking 
spaces
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000    
Carrying amount at 31 December 2023 48,621 179,429 4,030
Net losses from a fair value adjustment recognised in 
other comprehensive income (5,474) (4,985) (512)
Transfers to investment properties – (33,441) (2,015)
Depreciation provided during the year (2,027) (5,823) (83)
Exchange realignment – (3,033) –    
Carrying amount at 31 December 2024 and  
1 January 2025 41,120 132,147 1,420
Net loss from a fair value adjustment recognised in 
other comprehensive income (4,619) (9,739) –
Transfers from investment properties 2,840 – –
Transfer to an investment property – – (1,420)
Depreciation provided during the year (1,911) (5,586) –
Exchange realignment – 3,256 –    
Carrying amount at 31 December 2025 37,430 120,078 –    


--- page 134 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
133
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
12. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued)
Fair value hierarchy (continued)
Below is a summary of the valuation techniques used and the key inputs to the valuation of land and buildings:
Valuation 
techniques
Significant 
unobservable inputs
Range
2025 2024     
Commercial properties Market approach Adjustment on market unit 
price (per s.q.m.)
-48.2% to -2.1% -35.9% to -4.9%
Residential properties Market approach Adjustment on market unit 
price (per s.q.m.)
-25.2% to -6.1% -46.0% to -13.6%
Income approach Adjustment on market  
rental (per s.q.m. and 
per month)
-17.0% to -13.0% -17.0% to -13.0%
Adopted yield 2.1% to 2.6% 1.6% to 2.0%
Car parking spaces Market approach Adjustment on market unit 
price (per s.q.m.)
– -8.8% to -1.0%
Under the market approach, fair value is estimated based on the unit prices of comparable properties with certain 
adjustments made to reflect the differences in location, neighbourhood, environment, facilities, etc. Comparable properties 
of similar size, character and location are analysed and carefully weighed against all the respective advantages and 
disadvantages of each property in order to arrive at a fair comparison of capital values. Physical, locational and 
economical characteristics are important criteria to be analysed when comparing such comparable properties against the 
subject properties.
The adjustment on the market unit price is determined by referring to the differences of the subject properties against 
the comparable properties in terms of time, building facilities, floor, view, size, loading and the listing nature of the 
comparable properties.
A significant increase/(decrease) in the unit price of comparable properties in isolation would result in a significant 
increase/(decrease) in the fair value of the land and buildings. A significant increase/(decrease) in a positive adjustment 
or a significant decrease/(increase) in a negative adjustment on the unit price would result in a significant increase/
(decrease) in the fair value of the land and buildings.
Under the income approach, fair value is estimated by capitalising the adjusted market rental income at an adjusted 
market capitalisation rate. Market rental and the market capitalisation rate are determined by making reference to market 
listing prices and rentals of comparable properties.
The adjustment on market rental is determined by referring to the differences of the subject property against the 
comparable properties in terms of building facilities, size, floor and the listing nature of the comparable properties. The 
adjustment on the market capitalisation rate is determined by referring to the class of comparable properties.


--- page 135 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
134
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
12. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued)
Fair value hierarchy (continued)
A significant increase/(decrease) in market rental in isolation would result in a significant increase/(decrease) in the fair 
value of the land and buildings. A significant increase/(decrease) in a positive adjustment or a significant decrease/
(increase) in a negative adjustment on market rental would result in a significant increase/(decrease) in the fair value of 
the land and buildings. A significant increase/(decrease) in the capitalisation rate in isolation would result in a significant 
decrease/(increase) in the fair value of the land and buildings. A significant increase/(decrease) in the adjustment to the 
capitalisation rate in isolation would result in a significant decrease/(increase) in the fair value of the land and buildings.
13. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Carrying amount at 1 January 142,608 128,680
Net losses from a fair value adjustment (15,462) (20,669)
Transfer from an owner-occupied property (note 12) 1,420 35,456
Transfers to owner-occupied properties (note 12) (2,840) –
Exchange realignment 917 (859)   
Carrying amount at 31 December 126,643 142,608   
The Group’s investment properties consist of certain commercial properties, residential properties and car parking spaces 
in Hong Kong and one commercial property and two residential properties in the PRC. The directors of the Company 
have determined that the investment properties consist of three classes of asset, i.e., commercial, residential and car 
parking spaces, based on the nature, characteristics and risks of each property. The Group’s investment properties were 
revalued on 31 December 2025 and 2024 based on valuations performed by LCH (Asia-Pacific) Surveyors Limited, 
independent professionally qualified valuers, at HK$126,643,000 and HK$142,608,000, respectively. Each year, the 
Group’s management decides to appoint which external valuer to be responsible for the external valuations of the Group’s 
investment properties. Selection criteria include market knowledge, reputation, independence and whether professional 
standards are maintained. The Group’s management has discussions with the valuer on the valuation assumptions and 
valuation results when the valuation is performed for annual financial reporting.
The investment properties are leased to third parties under operating leases, further details of which are included in note 
14 to the financial statements.
At 31 December 2025, none of the Group’s investment properties was pledged.
Further particulars of the Group’s investment properties are included on pages 172 to 173 of the annual report.


--- page 136 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
135
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
13. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (continued)
Fair value hierarchy
The following table illustrates the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s investment properties:
Fair value measurement
as at 31 December 2025 using      
Quoted 
prices in 
active markets
Significant 
observable 
inputs
Significant 
unobservable 
inputs
Total(Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3)
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000          
Recurring fair value measurement for:
Commercial properties – – 74,215 74,215
Residential properties – – 46,048 46,048
Car parking spaces – – 6,380 6,380         
Total – – 126,643 126,643          
Fair value measurement 
as at 31 December 2024 using      
Quoted 
prices in 
active markets
Significant 
observable 
inputs
Significant 
unobservable 
inputs
Total(Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3)
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000          
Recurring fair value measurement for:
Commercial properties – – 88,427 88,427
Residential properties – – 48,851 48,851
Car parking spaces – – 5,330 5,330
         
Total – – 142,608 142,608          
During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no transfers into or 
out of Level 3 (2024: Nil).


--- page 137 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
136
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
13. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (continued)
Fair value hierarchy (continued)
Reconciliation of fair value measurements categorised within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy:
Commercial 
properties
Residential 
properties
Car parking 
spaces 
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000       
Carrying amount at 1 January 2024 103,804 20,026 4,850
Net losses from a fair value adjustment recognised in 
profit or loss (15,246) (3,888) (1,535)
Transfer from an owner-occupied property – 33,441 2,015
Exchange realignment (131) (728) –       
Carrying amount at 31 December 2024 and  
1 January 2025 88,427 48,851 5,330
Net losses from a fair value adjustment recognised in 
profit or loss (11,511) (3,581) (370)
Transfers to owner-occupied properties (2,840) – –
Transfer from an owner-occupied property – – 1,420
Exchange realignment 139 778 –       
Carrying amount at 31 December 2025 74,215 46,048 6,380        
Below is a summary of the valuation techniques used and the key inputs to the valuation of investment properties:
Valuation 
techniques
Significant 
unobservable inputs
Range
2025 2024     
Commercial properties Income approach Adjustment on market unit 
price (per s.q.m.)
-51.5% to -19.3% -50.8% to -4.9%
Adopted yield 3.1% to 8.3% 3.8% to 9.2%
Residential properties Income approach Adjustment on market unit 
price (per s.q.m.)
-21.6% to -0.6% -29.6% to -0.1%
Adopted yield 1.6% to 3.1% 1.6% to 3.1%
Car parking spaces Income approach Adjustment on market unit 
price (per s.q.m.)
-29.2% to -1.0% -18.1% to -1.0%
Adopted yield 2.8% to 3.8% 2.8% to 3.8%


--- page 138 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
137
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
13. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (continued)
Fair value hierarchy (continued)
Under the income approach, fair value is estimated by capitalising the current rental income and the reversionary value of 
the properties after tenancies expire and by referring to market sales transactions after making relevant adjustments.
The adjustment on the market unit price is determined by referring to the differences of the subject properties against 
the comparable properties in terms of time, size, view, floor and floor loading. The yields adopted are determined 
by referring to the current yields of the subject properties and the market yields published by the Rating and Valuation 
Department regarding the respective property types.
A significant increase/(decrease) in the market unit price in isolation would result in a significant increase/(decrease) 
in the fair value of the investment properties. A significant increase/(decrease) in a positive adjustment or a significant 
decrease/(increase) in a negative adjustment on the market unit price would result in a significant increase/(decrease) 
in the fair value of the investment properties. A significant increase/(decrease) in the yield in isolation would result in a 
significant decrease/(increase) in the fair value of the investment properties.
14. LEASES
The Group as a lessee
The Group leases certain of its offices and warehouse properties under operating lease arrangements, which are 
negotiated for terms ranging from four months to five years.
(a)
 Right-of-use assets
The carrying amounts of the Group’s right-of-use assets and the movements during the year are as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Carrying amount at 1 January 1,662 3,670
Additions 1,502 585
Depreciation charge (1,426) (2,544)
Exchange realignment 43 (49)   
Carrying amount at 31 December 1,781 1,662   


--- page 139 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
138
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
14. LEASES (continued)
The Group as a lessee (continued)
(b)
 Lease liabilities
The carrying amount of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Carrying amount at 1 January 1,650 3,425
New leases 1,502 585
Accretion of interest recognised during the year 79 115
Payments (1,575) (2,428)
Exchange realignment 37 (47)   
Carrying amount at 31 December 1,693 1,650   
Analysed into:
Current portion 1,266 1,110
Non-current portion 427 540
   
The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is disclosed in note 39 to the financial statements.
(c)
 The amounts recognised in profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Interest on lease liabilities 79 115
Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets 1,426 2,544
Expense relating to short-term leases 20,911 20,690   
Total amount recognised in profit or loss 22,416 23,349   
(d)
 The 
total cash outflow for leases and future cash outflows relating to leases that have not yet commenced are 
disclosed in notes 33 and 35, respectively, to the financial statements.
(e)
 The Group has no termination options expected to be exercised.


--- page 140 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
139
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
14. LEASES (continued)
The Group as a lessor
The Group leases its investment properties (note 13) under operating lease arrangements. The terms of the leases 
generally also require the tenants to pay security deposits. Rental income recognised by the Group during the year was 
HK$5,392,000 (2024: HK$5,603,000), details of which are included in note 5 to the financial statements.
At 31 December 2025 and 2024, the undiscounted lease payments receivable by the Group in future periods under 
non-cancellable operating leases with its tenants are as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Within one year 4,450 5,003
After one year but within two years 750 3,211   
Total 5,200 8,214   
15. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
31 December 2025
Patents
and licences
HK$’000  
Cost at 1 January 2025, net of accumulated amortisation –
Acquisition of a subsidiary (note 29) 2,915
Amortisation provided during the year (250)
Exchange realignment 26  
At 31 December 2025 2,691  
At 31 December 2025:
Cost 2,943
Accumulated amortisation (252)
  
Net carrying amount 2,691  


--- page 141 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
140
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
16. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Share of net assets – 2,160
Due from associates – 31   
Total – 2,191   
The amounts due from associates are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand. In the opinion of the Company’s 
directors, the amounts due from associates are unlikely to be repaid in the foreseeable future and are considered as part 
of the Group’s net investments in the associates. There was no recent history of default and past due amounts for loans to 
associates. As at 31 December 2024, the loss allowance was assessed to be minimal.
The Group’s shareholdings in the associates are held through certain wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company.
The following table illustrates the aggregate financial information of the Group’s associates that are not individually 
material:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Share of the associates’ profits for the year 92 170
Share of the associates’ other comprehensive losses (7) (216)   
Share of the associates’ total comprehensive losses 85 (46)   
Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investments in the associates – 2,191   
17. EQUITY INVESTMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE  
INCOME
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income   
Listed equity investments, at fair value
PUC Berhad 178 484   
The above equity investments were irrevocably designated at fair value through other comprehensive income as the Group 
considers these investments to be strategic in nature.
During the year ended 31 December 2025, the gross loss in respect of the Group’s equity investments at fair value 
through other comprehensive income recognised in other comprehensive income amounted to HK$306,000 (2024: the 
gross income amounted to HK$64,000).


--- page 142 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
141
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
18. INVENTORIES
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Finished goods 50,123 60,699
Work in progress 11,083 13,243   
Total 61,206 73,942   
19. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Trade receivables 205,641 184,202
Bills receivable 26,421 14,743
Impairment (46,428) (44,724)   
Net carrying amount 185,634 154,221   
The Group’s trading terms with its customers are mainly on credit, except for new customers, where payment in advance is 
normally required. Payment is generally due within 90 days from the invoice date. Each customer has a maximum credit 
limit. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables. Overdue balances are reviewed regularly 
by senior management. In view of the aforementioned and the fact that the Group’s trade receivables relate to a large 
number of diversified customers, there is no significant concentration of credit risk. The Group does not hold any collateral 
or other credit enhancements over its trade and bills receivable balances. Trade and bills receivables are non-interest-
bearing.
Included in the Group’s trade and bills receivables are amounts due from 中國平安保險( 集團)股份有限公司 (Ping An 
Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd.*), a substantial shareholder of the Company, and its subsidiaries (“Ping An 
Group”) of HK$493,000 (2024: HK$220,000), which are repayable on credit terms similar to those offered to the 
major customers of the Group.
An ageing analysis of the trade receivables, based on the invoice date and net of loss allowance, is as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Within 6 months 114,136 92,597
7 to 12 months 25,715 14,228
13 to 24 months 13,637 25,852
Over 24 months 5,725 6,801   
Total 159,213 139,478   
* For identification purpose only


--- page 143 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
142
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
19. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (continued)
The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
At beginning of year 44,724 37,529
Impairment losses, net (note 6) 437 8,566
Amount written off as uncollectible – (442)
Exchange realignment 1,267 (929)   
At end of year 46,428 44,724   
An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a provision matrix to measure expected credit losses. 
The provision rates are based on the ageing of groupings of various customer segments with similar loss patterns. The 
calculation reflects the probability-weighted outcome and reasonable and supportable information that is available at 
the reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions. The increase in the 
net loss allowance of HK$1,704,000 was a result of the increase in the balance of trade receivables. The individually 
impaired trade receivables are related to customers that were credit-impaired or in default of payments and no receivable is 
expected to be recovered.
Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables:
As at 31 December 2025
Ageing 
Less than 
6 months
7 to 12 
months
13 to 24 
months
Over 24 
months Total      
Impairment of credit loss assessed by credit  
risk portfolio
Expected credit loss rate 3.14% 11.62% 28.94% 84.85% 21.92%
Gross carrying amount (HK$’000) 117,843 29,095 19,191 37,788 203,917
Expected credit losses (HK$’000) 3,707 3,380 5,554 32,063 44,704
Impairment of credit loss assessed individually
Expected credit loss rate 100% 100% 100% 100% 100%
Gross carrying amount (HK$’000) – – – 1,724 1,724
Expected credit losses (HK$’000) – – – 1,724 1,724


--- page 144 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
143
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
19. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (continued)
As at 31 December 2024
Ageing 
Less than 
6 months
7 to 12 
months
13 to 24 
months
Over 24 
months Total      
Impairment of credit loss assessed by credit  
risk portfolio
Expected credit loss rate 3.14% 11.86% 30.00% 79.60% 23.37%
Gross carrying amount (HK$’000) 95,603 16,143 36,930 33,333 182,009
Expected credit losses (HK$’000) 3,006 1,915 11,078 26,532 42,531
Impairment of credit loss assessed individually
Expected credit loss rate 100% 100% 100% 100% 100%
Gross carrying amount (HK$’000) – – – 2,193 2,193
Expected credit losses (HK$’000) – – – 2,193 2,193
Transferred financial assets that are derecognised in their entirety
At 31 December 2025 and 2024, none of the bills receivable accepted by banks in Chinese mainland (the “Derecognised 
Bills”) was endorsed by the Group.
During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group has not recognised any gain or loss on the date of transfer of the 
Derecognised Bills. No gains or losses were recognised from the right of recourse held by the holders of the Derecognised 
Bills against the Group if the PRC banks default, both during the year or cumulatively. The endorsement has been made 
evenly throughout the year.


--- page 145 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
144
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
20. CONTRACT ASSETS
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Contract assets arising from:   
Sale of software, hardware and system integration 16,571 18,721
Impairment (1,758) (1,320)   
Net carrying amount 14,813 17,401   
Contract assets are initially recognised for revenue earned from the sale of software, hardware and system integration as 
the receipt of consideration is conditional on successful delivery of goods or completion of services. Included in contract 
assets for the sale of software, hardware and system integration comprised retention receivables. Upon delivery of 
goods or services and acceptance by the customer, the amounts recognised as contract assets are reclassified to trade 
receivables. The decrease in contract assets in 2025 was the result of decreased percentage of retention terms in the 
sales contracts this year.
The expected timing of recovery or settlement for contract assets as at 31 December is as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Within one year 13,093 15,269
After one year 3,478 3,452   
Total contract assets 16,571 18,721   
The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of contract assets are as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
At beginning of year 1,320 842
Impairment losses, net (note 6) 399 504
Exchange realignment 39 (26)   
At end of year 1,758 1,320   


--- page 146 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
145
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
20. CONTRACT ASSETS (continued)
An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a provision matrix to measure expected credit losses. 
The provision rates for the measurement of the expected credit losses of the contract assets are based on those of the 
trade receivables as the contract assets and the trade receivables are from the same customer bases. The provision rates 
of contract assets are based on the ageing of trade receivables for groupings of various customer segments with similar 
loss patterns. The calculation reflects the probability-weighted outcome and reasonable and supportable information that 
is available at the reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions. The 
individually impaired contract assets are related to customers that were credit-impaired or in default of payments and no 
receivable is expected to be recovered.
Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s contract assets using a provision matrix:
2025 2024   
Expected credit loss rate 11% 7%
Gross carrying amount (HK$’000) 16,571 18,721
Expected credit losses (HK$’000) 1,758 1,320   
21. PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Prepayments 19,549 25,410
Deposits and other receivables 36,718 39,111   
Subtotal 56,267 64,521
Impairment allowance
Deposits and other receivables (7,325) (7,182)   
Net carrying amount 48,942 57,339   
The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of deposits and other receivables are as follows:
2025 2024
Note HK$’000 HK$’000    
At beginning of year 7,182 287,892
Impairment/(reversal of impairment) losses recognised (note) 6 11 (9,012)
Amount written off as uncollectible (note) – (265,680)
Exchange realignment 132 (6,018)    
At end of year 7,325 7,182    


--- page 147 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
146
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
21. PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (continued)
Deposits and other receivables mainly represent rental deposits and deposits with customers. Expected credit losses are 
estimated by applying a loss rate approach with reference to the historical loss record of the Group. The loss rate is 
adjusted to reflect the current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions, as appropriate.
Note: As at 31 December 2019, an entrusted loan receivable in a principal amount of RMB370,000,000 (approximately HK$412,180,000)  
and related interest of RMB5,591,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$6,228,000) (collectively the “Outstanding Entrusted Loan”) 
were receivable from 北大方正集團有限公司 (Peking University Founder Group Company Limited*) (“Peking Founder”). On 18 February 
2020, the Company received a notification letter from Peking Founder, regarding a notice received by Peking Founder from The First 
Intermediate People’s Court of Beijing (the “Court”). According to such notice, Bank of Beijing Co., Ltd. applied to the Court for a 
restructuring of Peking Founder. On 19 February 2020, according to the civil order and decision letter received by Peking Founder from 
the Court, the Court decided to accept the application made by Bank of Beijing Co., Ltd. for the initiation of restructuring procedure 
against Peking Founder and appointed Peking Founder’s liquidation team as the administrator of Peking Founder. On 3 March 2020, 
the Company declared that the Outstanding Entrusted Loan became due. According to the relevant laws and regulations about judicial 
restructuring, Peking Founder is not allowed to settle individual debts during the restructuring period, including the Outstanding Entrusted 
Loan. Considering the deterioration of financial condition and repayment ability of Peking Founder and the possibility of recovering the 
balances, management of the Company determined that the recoverability was remote. Therefore, a full provision for impairment was 
made on the Outstanding Entrusted Loan in 2019.
Under the restructuring proposal of Peking Founder and its related companies, the entrusted loans lent to Peking Founder were settled on 
11 March 2022 as to the amount of RMB993,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$1,159,000) and, on 28 December 2022 as to 
the amount of RMB119,778,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$139,756,000). The provision for impairment of RMB120,771,000 
(equivalent to approximately HK$140,915,000) was reversed in 2022. 
The entrusted loans lent to Peking Founder were further settled on 5 July 2024, 28 May 2025 and 5 November 2025 as to the amount 
of approximately RMB8,890,000, RMB250,000 and RMB7,430,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$9,601,000, HK$273,000 
and HK$8,111,000, respectively), respectively. The provision for impairment of RMB7,680,000 (equivalent to approximately 
HK$8,384,000) was reversed in 2025 (2024: RMB8,890,000, equivalent to approximately HK$9,601,000). As of the date of 
approval of these financial statements, all the cash settlement amounts stipulated in the restructuring proposal of Peking Founder and its 
related companies have been received.
As at 31 December 2024, the restructuring of Peking Founder was nearly completed and the recoverability of the remaining Outstanding 
Entrusted Loan was very low, management of the Company considered the write-off of the remaining provision for impairment.
As 31 December 2025 and 2024, the principal and related interest were nil.
*
 For identification purpose only


--- page 148 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
147
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
22. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Listed equity investments, at market value – 1,237   
Total – 1,237   
The above equity investments at 31 December 2024 were classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss as 
they were held for trading.
23. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND PLEDGED DEPOSITS
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Cash and bank balances 210,284 218,793
Time deposits 612,986 592,611   
Subtotal 823,270 811,404
Less: Pledged time deposits:
Pledged for long term letters of guarantee (2,052) (722)
Pledged for short term letters of guarantee (756) (5,254)   
Cash and cash equivalents 820,462 805,428   
At the end of the reporting period, the cash and cash equivalents of the Group denominated in Renminbi (“RMB”) 
amounted to approximately HK$775,776,000 (2024: HK$705,275,000). The RMB is not freely convertible into 
other currencies, however, under the Chinese mainland’s Foreign Exchange Control Regulations and Administration 
of Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations, the Group is permitted to exchange RMB for other 
currencies through banks authorised to conduct foreign exchange business.
Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Short term time deposits are made for 
varying periods of between seven days and six months depending on the immediate cash requirements of the Group, and 
earn interest at the respective short term time deposit rates. The bank balances and pledged deposits are deposited with 
creditworthy banks with no recent history of default.


--- page 149 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
148
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
24. TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES
An ageing analysis of the trade and bills payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date or 
bills payment date, is as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Within 6 months 47,444 42,521
7 to 12 months 3,278 4,516
13 to 24 months 3,488 8,809
Over 24 months 4,850 2,507   
Total 59,060 58,353   
Included in the Group’s trade and bills payables are amounts due to 新方正控股發展有限責任公司 (New Founder 
Holdings Development Co., Ltd.*)(“New Founder”) and its subsidiaries (“New Founder Group”) was nil (2024: 
HK$112,000, which were repayable on agreed terms similar to those offered by other third party suppliers.).
The trade payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled on terms of 30 to 90 days.
25. CONTRACT LIABILITIES
Details of contract liabilities as at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024 are as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Sale of software, hardware and system integration 33,024 48,245   
Contract liabilities include short-term advances received for delivery of software, hardware and system integration and 
rendering of software development and system integration services and amounts due to contract customers. The decrease 
in contract liabilities in 2025 was mainly due to the completion of delivery of goods or services and acceptance by the                                    
customer at the end of the year.
* For identification purpose only


--- page 150 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
149
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
26. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Accrued salaries and bonuses 88,039 82,577
Subcontracting fee 57,110 55,517
Other tax payables 20,819 17,804
Deferred revenue – 5,723
Others 15,209 14,191   
Total 181,177 175,812   
Other payables are non-interest-bearing and have an average term of three months.
27. DEFERRED TAX
The movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities during the year are as follows:
Revaluation
of properties
Temporary
difference on
depreciation
of properties
Losses
available for
offsetting
future 
taxable
profits Others Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000      
At 1 January 2024 (65,966) 14,978 6,491 (13) (44,510)
Deferred tax credited/(charged) to the statement of profit 
or loss for the year (note 10) 798 1,471 (686) (2) 1,581
Deferred tax charged to other comprehensive income 
during the year 1,812 – – – 1,812
Exchange realignment 1,319 (394) – – 925      
At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025 (62,037) 16,055 5,805 (15) (40,192)
Deferred tax credited/(charged) to the statement of profit 
or loss for the year (note 10) 930 1,637 (628) (5) 1,934
Deferred tax credited to other comprehensive income 
during the year 2,717 – – – 2,717
Exchange realignment (1,464) 483 – – (981)      
At 31 December 2025 (59,854) 18,175 5,177 (20) (36,522)      
In 2025 and 2024, the Group evaluated a variety of factors including the Group’s operating history, accumulated tax 
losses, existence of taxable temporary differences, future taxable profit and reversal periods, and made determination that 
no deferred tax assets should be recognised.


--- page 151 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
150
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
27. DEFERRED TAX (continued)
For presentation purposes, at the end of the reporting period, certain deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset 
in the statement of financial position. The following is an analysis of the deferred tax balances of the Group for financial 
reporting purposes:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Net deferred tax liabilities recognised in the consolidated statement of 
financial position (36,522) (40,192)   
Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of the following items:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Tax losses 1,048,902 933,899
Deductible temporary differences 97,520 107,636   
Total 1,146,422 1,041,535   
The Group has tax losses arising in Hong Kong of approximately HK$378,157,000 (2024: HK$371,977,000), 
that are available indefinitely for offsetting against future taxable profits of the companies in which the losses arose. 
As at 31 December 2025, the Group had tax losses arising in Chinese mainland of HK$670,745,000 (2024: 
HK$561,922,000) that will expire in one to ten years for offsetting against future taxable profits. Deferred tax assets 
have not been recognised in respect of these losses and other deductible temporary differences as they have arisen 
in subsidiaries that have been loss-making for some time and it is not considered probable that taxable profits will be 
available against which the tax losses can be utilised.
The Group is liable for withholding taxes on dividends distributed by those subsidiaries established in Chinese mainland 
in respect of earnings generated from 1 January 2008. The applicable rate is 5% for the Group. There is an withholding 
tax of HK$1,087,000 attaching to the payment of dividends by a subsidiary established in Chinese mainland to its 
shareholders.
At 31 December 2025, no deferred tax has been recognised for withholding taxes that would be payable on the 
unremitted earnings that are subject to withholding taxes of the Group’s subsidiaries established in Chinese mainland. 
In the opinion of the Company’s directors, it is not probable that these subsidiaries will distribute such earnings in the 
foreseeable future. The aggregate amount of temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries in Chinese 
mainland for which deferred tax liabilities have not been recognised totalled approximately HK$712,027,000 at 31 
December 2025 (2024: HK$652,025,000).


--- page 152 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
151
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
28. SHARE CAPITAL
Shares
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Authorised:   
2,100,000,000 (2024: 2,100,000,000) ordinary shares 
of HK$0.10 each 210,000 210,000   
Issued and fully paid:
1,155,660,993 (2024: 1,199,746,993) ordinary shares 
of HK$0.10 each 115,567 119,975   
A summary of movements in the Company’s share capital is as follows:
Number of
shares in issue
Share
capital
HK$’000   
At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025 1,199,746,993 119,975
Shares repurchased (44,086,000) (4,408)   
At 31 December 2025 1,155,660,993 115,567   
The Company purchased 44,086,000 of its shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange at a total consideration of 
approximately HK$46,383,000. These shares were cancelled subsequently by the Company and the total amount paid 
for the purchase of these cancelled shares of approximately HK$41,975,000 has been charged to share premium of the 
Company.


--- page 153 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
152
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
29. BUSINESS COMBINATION
On 31 January 2025, the Group acquired a 100% interest in Tianjin Founder Handwriting from New Founder Group. 
Tianjin Founder Handwriting is engaged in the font library business. Further details of the transaction are included in note 
36(II) to the financial statements. The acquisition was made as part of the Group’s strategy to expand its market share of 
font library business in Chinese mainland. The purchase consideration for the acquisition was in the form of cash, with 
RMB3,579,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$3,926,000) paid on 11 February 2025.
The fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of Tianjin Founder Handwriting as at the date of acquisition were as 
follows:
Fair value 
recognised on 
acquisition
Notes HK$’000
   
Property, plant and equipment 12 25
Intangible assets 15 2,915
Cash and cash equivalents 1,017
Trade receivables 1,093
Prepayments, other receivables and other assets 204
Trade and bills payables (568)
Other payables and accruals (494)
Tax payable (55)   
Total identifiable net assets at fair value 4,137
Gain on bargain purchase recognised in other income and gains in the consolidated 
statement of profit or loss 5 (211)   
Satisfied by cash 3,926   
An analysis of the cash flows in respect of the acquisition of a subsidiary is as follows:
HK$’000  
Cash consideration (3,926)
Cash and cash equivalents acquired 1,017  
Net outflow of cash and cash equivalents included in cash flows from investing activities (2,909)  


--- page 154 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
153
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
29. BUSINESS COMBINATION (continued)
The fair values of the trade receivables and other receivables as at the date of acquisition amounted to HK$1,093,000 
and HK$161,000, respectively. The gross contractual amounts of trade receivables and other receivables were 
HK$1,093,000 and HK$161,000, respectively, of which nil of trade receivables and other receivables are expected to 
be uncollectible.
The Group incurred no transaction costs for this acquisition.
Since the acquisition, Tianjin Founder Handwriting contributed HK$10,483,000 to the Group’s revenue and 
HK$1,171,000 to the consolidated profit for the year ended 31 December 2025.
Had the combination taken place at the beginning of the period, the revenue of the Group and the profit of the Group for 
the period would have been HK$907,988,000 and HK$30,263,000, respectively.
30. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES
2025
Note HK$’000   
Net assets disposed of:
Investment in associates 2,276
Cash and cash equivalents 649
Prepayments, other receivables and other assets 57
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 1,057
Other payables and accruals (35)
   
Subtotal 4,004
Exchange fluctuation reserve 127
Loss on disposal of subsidiaries 6 (4,131)   
Total consideration –   


--- page 155 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
154
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
30. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (continued)
An analysis of the net outflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the disposal of subsidiaries is as follows:
2025
HK$’000  
Cash consideration –
Cash and cash equivalents disposed of (649)  
Net outflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the disposal of subsidiaries (649)  
31. SHARE OPTION SCHEME
The Company operates a share option scheme (the “Scheme”) for the purpose of providing incentives and rewards to 
eligible participants who contribute to the success of the Group’s operations. Eligible participants of the Scheme include 
the Company’s directors, including independent non-executive directors, senior management, employees of the Group, 
any substantial shareholders or any companies controlled by a substantial shareholder, any one or entity, who in the sole 
opinion of the Board, has contributed or will contribute to the Group or any substantial shareholder. The Scheme became 
effective on 31 May 2016 and, unless otherwise cancelled or amended, will remain in force for 10 years from that date. 
The scheme shall expire on 30 May 2026, subject to early termination in accordance with the scheme rules. As at 31 
December 2025, the remaining life of the scheme is 5 months.
The total number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the Scheme may not 
in aggregate exceed 119,974,669, being 10% of the shares in issue of the Company as at 31 May 2016, the date 
of adoption of the Share Option Scheme. At 31 December 2025, the total number of shares available for issue, save 
for those granted but yet to be exercised, under the scheme was 119,974,699 shares, which represents 10.4% of the 
issued shares of the Company. The maximum number of shares issuable under share options to each eligible participant 
in the Scheme within any 12-month period is limited to 1% of the shares of the Company in issue unless (i) a circular 
is despatched to the shareholders; (ii) the shareholders approve the grant of the share options in excess of the 1% limit 
referred to in this paragraph; and (iii) the relevant eligible person and his associates shall abstain from voting. The number 
and terms (including the exercise price) of share options to be granted to such eligible person(s) must be fixed before 
shareholders’ approval.
Share options granted to a director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company, or to any of their associates, 
are subject to approval in advance by the independent non-executive directors. In addition, any share options granted 
to a substantial shareholder or an independent non-executive director of the Company, or to any of their associates, 
in excess of 0.1% of the shares of the Company in issue at any time or with an aggregate value (based on the price 
of the Company’s shares at the date of grant) in excess of HK$5 million, within any 12-month period, are subject to 
shareholders’ approval in advance in a general meeting.
The offer of a grant of share options may be accepted within 30 days inclusive of the day on which such offer was made, 
upon payment of a nominal consideration of HK$1 in total by the grantee. The exercise period of the share options 
granted is determinable by the directors, and commences on such date or after the date on which the share option is 
granted as the board may determine in granting the share options and expires at the close of business on such date as 
the board may determine in granting the share options but in any event shall not exceed 10 years from the date of grant 
(which is the date of offer of grant if the offer for the grant of the share option is accepted).


--- page 156 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
155
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31. SHARE OPTION SCHEME (continued)
There is no specified minimum period under the Scheme for which a share option must be held or the performance target 
which must be achieved before a share option can be exercised under the terms of the Scheme.
The exercise price of share options is determinable by the directors, but may not be less than the higher of (i) Hong Kong 
Stock Exchange closing price of the Company’s shares on the date of offer of the share options; and (ii) the average 
Hong Kong Stock Exchange closing price of the Company’s shares for the five trading days immediately preceding the 
date of offer.
Share options do not confer rights on the holders to dividends or to vote at shareholders’ meetings.
No share options were granted during the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 and there were no outstanding 
options as at 31 December 2025 and 2024.
The number of options available for grant under the Scheme as at 1 January 2025 and 31 December 2025 were 
119,974,699 and 119,974,699 respectively.
As at the date of this annual report, the total number of shares available for issue under the Scheme was 119,974,699 
shares, representing 10.4% of the issued shares of the Company.
32. RESERVES
The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein for the current and prior years are presented in the 
consolidated statement of changes in equity on pages 89 and 90 of the financial statements.
The Group’s share premium account includes the premium arising from the issue of new shares in prior years, and amount 
transferred from share-based compensation reserve upon exercise of share options in prior years. The application of the 
share premium account is governed by the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda.
The Group’s contributed surplus represents the excess of the nominal value of the shares and the share premium account of 
Founder HK acquired pursuant to the Group reorganisation on 31 March 2000 over the nominal value of the Company’s 
shares issued in exchange therefor.
In accordance with the relevant PRC regulations, each of the Group’s PRC subsidiaries is required to transfer not less than 
10% of its profit after tax, as determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations, to the general 
reserve until such reserve reaches 50% of its registered capital. The quantum of the annual transfer is subject to the 
approval of the board of directors of each PRC subsidiary in accordance with its articles of association.
33. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
(a) Major non-cash transactions
During the year, the Group had non-cash additions to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of HK$1,502,000 
(2024: HK$585,000) and HK$1,502,000 (2024: HK$585,000), respectively, in respect of lease 
arrangements for offices and warehouse properties.


--- page 157 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
156
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
33. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (continued)
(b) Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities
2025
Lease liabilities
HK$’000  
At 1 January 2025 1,650
Changes from financing cash flows (1,496)
New leases 1,502
Interest expense 79
Interest paid classified as operating cash flows (79)
Foreign exchange movement 37  
At 31 December 2025 1,693  
2024
Lease liabilities
HK$’000  
At 1 January 2024 3,425
Changes from financing cash flows (2,313)
New leases 585
Interest expense 115
Interest paid classified as operating cash flows (115)
Foreign exchange movement (47)  
At 31 December 2024 1,650  
(c) Total cash outflow for leases
The total cash outflow for leases included in the statement of cash flows is as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Within operating activities 20,911 20,690
Within financing activities 1,496 2,313   
Total 22,407 23,003   
34. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
At the end of the reporting period, the Group did not have any significant contingent liabilities (2024: Nil).


--- page 158 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
157
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
35. COMMITMENTS
(a) At the end of the reporting period, the Group did not have any significant commitments.
(b)
 The Group has various lease contracts 
that have not yet commenced as at 31 December 2025. The future lease 
payments for these non-cancellable lease contracts are HK$10,485,000 (2024: HK$13,335,000) due within 
one year, and nil (2024: Nil) due in the second to fifth years, inclusive.
36. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
(I) Transactions with related parties
(a) I n addition to the transactions detailed elsewhere in these financial statements, the Group had the following 
material transactions with related parties during the year:
2025 2024
Notes HK$’000 HK$’000    
Sales of goods to New Founder Group (i) 949 3,341
Sales of goods to Ping An Group (i) 1,256 2,847
Purchase of goods from New Founder Group (i) 48 736
Trademark license expense paid to New Founder (ii) 5,966 –
Interest income from Ping An Group (iii) 2,061 –
Rental expense to New Founder Group (iv) 13,443 13,544
Management expense to New Founder Group (v) 4,518 4,680    
Notes:
(i)
 These 
transactions were conducted with reference to the market price of such products and services at the relevant time 
of sales or purchases.
(ii) The expense was attributable to the trademark license agreement with New Founder for the right to use New Founder‘s
  
trademark in the Group’s products and business activities.
(iii)
 The income was attributable to the Group’s non-pledged time deposit to 
平安銀行股份有限公司 (Ping An Bank Co, 
Ltd.*) (“Ping An Bank’’) with reference to the benchmark interest rates promulgated by the PBOC that are: be lower 
than the rates offered by financial institutions in the PRC for same types and tenures of deposits.
(iv)
 The expenses were attributable to the lease agreement with New Founder Group to lease the premises in Beijing at 
market price.
(
v) The expenses were attributable to the management agreement with New Founder Group to accept property
 
management services at market price.
The above related party transactions for the current year in respect of items (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) and (v) also 
constitute connected transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
* For identification purpose only


--- page 159 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
158
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
36. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
(II) Other transactions with related parties
During the year, the Group acquired a subsidiary, Tianjin Founder Handwriting, from New Founder Group at 
a consideration of RMB3,579,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$3,926,000), based on a valuation of the 
business performed by the directors of the Company. Further details of the transaction are included in note 29 to 
the financial statements.
(III) Outstanding balances with related parties
(a) The Group’s non-pledged time deposit to Ping An Bank as at the end of the reporting period were  
RMB380,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$420,717,000), all of which are non-pledged time 
deposits with original maturity of more than three months when acquired with an interest rate of 1.3%. 
The interest rate in respect of the deposits placed by the Group with Ping An Bank was determined with 
reference to the benchmark interest rate promulgated by the PBOC and was not lower than the rates 
offered by financial institutions in the Chinese mainland independent third-party for same types and tenures 
of deposits.
(b)
 Details of the Group’s amounts due from its associates as at the end of the reporting period are included in 
note 16 to the financial statements.
(c)
 Details of the Group’s trade balances with its related companies as at the end of the reporting period are 
disclosed in notes 19 and 24 to the financial statements.
(IV) Compensation of key management personnel of the Group
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Short term employee benefits 3,813 3,695
Pension scheme contributions 128 142   
Total compensation paid to key management personnel 3,941 3,837   
Further details of directors’ and the chief executive’s emoluments are included in note 8 to the financial statements.


--- page 160 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
159
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
37. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY
The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period are as 
follows:
2025
Financial assets
Financial 
assets at 
amortised 
cost
Financial assets at 
fair value through other 
comprehensive income
Total
 
Debt Equity
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000     
Equity investments at fair value through other 
comprehensive income – – 178 178
Contract assets 14,813 – – 14,813
Trade and bills receivables 159,213 26,421 – 185,634
Financial assets included in prepayments,  
other receivables and other assets 29,393 – – 29,393
Pledged deposits 2,808 – – 2,808
Cash and cash equivalents 820,462 – – 820,462     
Total 1,026,689 26,421 178 1,053,288     
Financial liabilities – financial liabilities at amortised cost
HK$’000  
Trade and bills payables 59,060
Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals 72,319
Lease liabilities 1,693  
Total 133,072  


--- page 161 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
160
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
37. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (continued)
The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period are as 
follows: (continued)
2024
Financial assets
Fair value 
through 
profit or 
loss
Financial 
assets at 
amortised 
cost
Financial assets at 
fair value through other 
comprehensive income
Total
 
Debt Equity
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000      
Equity investments at fair value through other 
comprehensive income – – – 484 484
Contract assets – 17,401 – – 17,401
Trade and bills receivables – 139,478 14,743 – 154,221
Financial assets included in prepayments, other 
receivables and other assets – 31,929 – – 31,929
Financial assets at fair value through profit or 
loss 1,237 – – – 1,237
Pledged deposits – 5,976 – – 5,976
Cash and cash equivalents – 805,428 – – 805,428      
Total 1,237 1,000,212 14,743 484 1,016,676      
Financial liabilities – financial liabilities at amortised cost
HK$’000  
Trade and bills payables 58,353
Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals 69,708
Lease liabilities 1,650  
Total 129,711  


--- page 162 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
161
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
38. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
The carrying amounts and fair values of the Group’s financial instruments, other than those with carrying amounts that 
reasonably approximate to fair value, are as follows:
Carrying amounts Fair values
2025 2024 2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000     
Financial assets
Equity investments at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 178 484 178 484
Pledged deposits, non-current portion 2,052 722 1,928 698
Bills receivable 26,421 14,743 26,421 14,743
Financial assets at fair value through profit or 
loss – 1,237 – 1,237
     
Total 28,651 17,186 28,527 17,162     
Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, the current portion of pledged deposits, 
trade receivables, trade and bills payables, financial assets included in prepayments, deposits and other receivables and 
financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals approximate to their carrying amounts largely due to the short 
term maturities of these instruments.
The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument could be 
exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale.
The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:
The fair values of the non-current portion of the pledged deposits and bills receivable have been calculated by discounting 
the expected future cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit risk and remaining 
maturities. The Group’s own non-performance risk for the non-current portion of the pledged deposits as at 31 December 
2025 was assessed to be insignificant.
The fair values of listed financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and listed equity investments at fair value through 
other comprehensive income are based on quoted market prices.


--- page 163 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
162
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
38. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
Fair value hierarchy
The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial instruments:
Assets measured at fair value
As at 31 December 2025
Fair value measurement using 
Quoted 
prices in 
active markets
Significant 
observable 
inputs
Significant 
unobservable 
inputs
Total(Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3)
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000     
Equity investments at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 178 – – 178
Bills receivable – 26,421 – 26,421     
Total 178 26,421 – 26,599     
As at 31 December 2024
Fair value measurement using 
Quoted 
prices in 
active markets
Significant 
observable 
inputs
Significant 
unobservable 
inputs
Total(Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3)
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000     
Equity investments at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 484 – – 484
Financial assets at fair value through profit or 
loss 1,237 – – 1,237
Bills receivable – 14,743 – 14,743     
Total 1,721 14,743 – 16,464     
The Group did not have any financial liabilities measured at fair value as at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 
2024.
During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no transfers into or 
out of Level 3 for both financial assets and financial liabilities (2024: Nil). 


--- page 164 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
163
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
38. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
Fair value hierarchy (continued)
Assets for which fair values are disclosed
As at 31 December 2025
Fair value measurement using 
Quoted 
prices in 
active markets
Significant 
observable 
inputs
Significant 
unobservable 
inputs
Total(Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3)
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000     
Pledged deposits, non-current portion – 1,928 – 1,928     
As at 31 December 2024
Fair value measurement using 
Quoted 
prices in 
active markets
Significant 
observable 
inputs
Significant 
unobservable 
inputs
Total(Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3)
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000     
Pledged deposits, non-current portion – 698 – 698     
39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
The Group’s principal financial instruments comprise cash and short term deposits. The main purpose of these financial 
instruments is to raise finance for the Group’s operations. The Group has various other financial assets and liabilities such as 
trade and bills receivables and trade and bills payables, which arise directly from its operations.
It is, and has been throughout the year under review, the Group’s policy that no trading in financial instruments shall be 
undertaken.
The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are foreign currency risk, credit risk, liquidity risk and equity 
price risk. The board of directors reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these risks and they are summarised 
below.


--- page 165 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
164
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
Foreign currency risk
The Group has transactional currency exposures. Such exposures arise from monetary assets denominated in currencies 
other than the functional currencies.
The following table demonstrates the sensitivity at the end of the reporting period to a reasonably possible change in the 
RMB, US$ and JPY exchange rates, with all other variables held constant, of the Group’s profit before tax (arising from 
RMB, US$ and JPY denominated financial instruments) for the year:
2025
Increase/
(decrease) in 
profit before tax
HK$’000  
If HK$ strengthens 1% against RMB (365)
If HK$ weakens 1% against RMB 365
If HK$ strengthens 1% against US$ (8)
If HK$ weakens 1% against US$ 8
If HK$ strengthens 1% against JPY (15)
If HK$ weakens 1% against JPY 15
2024
Increase/
(decrease) in 
profit before tax
HK$’000  
If HK$ strengthens 1% against RMB (854)
If HK$ weakens 1% against RMB 854
If HK$ strengthens 1% against US$ (47)
If HK$ weakens 1% against US$ 47
If HK$ strengthens 1% against JPY (11)
If HK$ weakens 1% against JPY 11


--- page 166 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
165
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
Credit risk
The Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties. It is the Group’s policy that all customers who wish 
to trade on credit terms are subject to credit verification procedures. In addition, receivable balances are monitored on an 
ongoing basis and the Group’s exposure to bad debts is not significant.
Maximum exposure and year-end staging
The tables below shows the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on the Group’s credit policy, 
which is mainly based on past due information unless other information is available without undue cost or effort, and year-
end staging classification as at 31 December. The amounts presented are gross carrying amounts for financial assets.
As at 31 December 2025
12-month 
ECLs Lifetime ECLs  
Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3
Simplified 
approach Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000      
Contract assets* – – – 16,571 16,571
Trade and bills receivables* 26,421 – – 205,641 232,062
Financial assets included in prepayments,  
other receivables and other assets
– Normal** 30,257 – – – 30,257
– Doubtful** – 6,461 – – 6,461
Pledged deposits
– Not yet past due 2,808 – – – 2,808
Cash and cash equivalents
– Not yet past due 820,462 – – – 820,462      
Total 879,948 6,461 – 222,212 1,108,621      


--- page 167 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
166
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
Credit risk (continued)
Maximum exposure and year-end staging (continued)
As at 31 December 2024
12-month 
ECLs Lifetime ECLs  
Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3
Simplified 
approach Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000      
Contract assets* – – – 18,721 18,721
Trade and bills receivables* 14,743 – – 184,202 198,945
Financial assets included in prepayments, other 
receivables and other assets
– Normal** 32,763 – – – 32,763
– Doubtful** – 6,348 – – 6,348
Pledged deposits
– Not yet past due 5,976 – – – 5,976
Cash and cash equivalents –
– Not yet past due 805,428 – – – 805,428      
Total 858,910 6,348 – 202,923 1,068,181      
* For trade receivables and contract assets to which the Group applies the simplified approach for impairment, information based on the 
provision matrix is disclosed in notes 19 and 20 to the financial statements, respectively.
** T
he credit quality of the financial assets included in prepayments, deposits and other receivables is considered to be “normal” when 
they are not past due and there is no information indicating that the financial assets had a significant increase in credit risk since initial 
recognition. Otherwise, the credit quality of the financial assets is considered to be “doubtful”.


--- page 168 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
167
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
Liquidity risk
The Group monitors its risk to a shortage of funds using a recurring liquidity planning tool. This tool considers the maturity 
of both its financial instruments and financial assets (e.g., trade and bills receivables) and projected cash flows from 
operations.
The Group’s objective is to maintain a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of bank 
overdrafts, bank loans and lease liabilities. In addition, banking facilities have been put in place for contingency 
purposes.
The maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities as at the end of the reporting period, based on the contractual 
undiscounted payments, is as follows:
As at 31 December 2025
Within 1 year 
or on demand Over 1 year Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000    
Trade and bills payables 59,060 – 59,060
Financial liabilities included in other payables and 
accruals 72,319 – 72,319
Lease liabilities 1,315 432 1,747    
Total 132,694 432 133,126    
As at 31 December 2024
Within 1 year 
or on demand Over 1 year Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000    
Trade and bills payables 58,353 – 58,353
Financial liabilities included in other payables and 
accruals 69,708 – 69,708
Lease liabilities 1,160 550 1,710    
Total 129,221 550 129,771    


--- page 169 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
168
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
Equity price risk
Equity price risk is the risk that the fair values of equity securities decrease as a result of changes in the value of individual 
securities. The Group is exposed to equity price risk arising from individual equity investments classified as financial assets 
at fair value through profit or loss (note 22) and equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income (note 
17) as at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024. The Group’s listed investments are listed on the ACE Market 
of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad, New York Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Taiwan Stock 
Exchange and are valued at quoted market prices at the end of the reporting period.
The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to every 1% change in the fair values of the Group’s principal equity 
investments, with all other variables held constant and before any impact on tax, based on their carrying amounts at 
the end of the reporting period. For the purpose of this analysis, for the equity investments at fair value through other 
comprehensive income, the impact is deemed to be on equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive 
income revaluation reserve.
Carrying amount 
of investments
Increase in 
profit before tax Increase in equity*
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000    
2025
Investments listed in:
Malaysia – Equity investments at fair value through 
other comprehensive income 178 – 2
2024
Investments listed in:
Malaysia – Equity investments at fair value through 
other comprehensive income 484 – 5
New York – Financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss 873 9 –
Hong Kong – Financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss 343 3 –
Taiwan – Financial assets at fair value through profit 
or loss 21 – –
* Excluding retained profits


--- page 170 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
169
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
Capital management
The primary objectives of the Group’s capital management are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going 
concern and to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to support its business and maximise shareholders’ value.
The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic conditions and the 
risk characteristics of the underlying assets. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the dividend 
payment to shareholders, return capital to shareholders or issue new shares. The Group is not subject to any externally 
imposed capital requirements. No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes for managing capital 
during the years ended 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024.
The Group monitors capital using a debt to equity ratio, which is lease liabilities divided by total equity attributable to 
owners of the parent. The debt to equity ratios as at the end of the reporting periods were as follows:
31 December 
2025
31 December 
2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Lease liabilities (note 14) 1,693 1,650
Total equity attributable to owners of the parent 1,113,582 1,119,922
Debt to equity ratio 0.2% 0.1%   


--- page 171 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
170
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
40. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
Information about the statement of financial position of the Company at the end of the reporting period is as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
NON-CURRENT ASSETS   
Investments in subsidiaries 559,088 559,088   
Total non-current assets 559,088 559,088   
CURRENT ASSETS
Prepayments, deposits and other receivables 395 224
Cash and cash equivalents 6,750 1,153   
Total current assets 7,145 1,377   
NET CURRENT ASSETS 7,145 1,377   
TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES 566,233 560,465   
NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
Due to a subsidiary 278,832 224,037
   
Total non-current liabilities 278,832 224,037   
Net assets 287,401 336,428   
EQUITY
Issued capital 115,567 119,975
Reserves 171,834 216,453
   
Total equity 287,401 336,428   


--- page 172 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
171
31 DECEMBER 2025
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
40. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (continued)
A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows:
Share 
premium 
account
Contributed 
surplus
Accumulated 
losses Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000     
At 1 January 2024 53,597 448,209 (285,077) 216,729
Total comprehensive loss for the year – – (276) (276)     
At 1 January 2025 53,597 448,209 (285,353) 216,453
Shares repurchased and cancelled (41,975) – – (41,975)
Total comprehensive loss for the year – – (2,644) (2,644)     
At 31 December 2025 11,622 448,209 (287,997) 171,834     
The Company’s contributed surplus represents the excess of the fair value of the shares of Founder HK acquired 
pursuant to the Group reorganisation on 31 March 2000 over the nominal value of the Company’s shares issued in 
exchange therefor. Under the Bermuda Companies Act 1981 (as amended), the Company may make distributions to its 
shareholders out of the contributed surplus in certain circumstances.
41. APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 26 March 2026.


--- page 173 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
172
PARTICULARS OF INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
31 DECEMBER 2025
Location Use Tenure
Percentage of 
interest attributable 
to the Group    
Units 1, 2a, 2b, 3a, 3b, 4a, 4b, 5, 7a, 7b, 
11b, 12 and 13 on 14th Floor
Cable TV Tower
9 Hoi Shing Road
Tsuen Wan
New Territories
Hong Kong
Office premises/
warehouse for rental
Medium term lease 100%
Office car parking space P36, P37, P38 and 
L25 on 3rd Floor
Cable TV Tower
9 Hoi Shing Road
Tsuen Wan
New Territories
Hong Kong
Car parking space for 
rental
Medium term lease 100%
Residential car parking space
No. 324 on Podium Level 2
Rhine Garden
38 Castle Peak Road
Sham Tseng
New Territories
Hong Kong
Car parking space for 
rental
Medium term lease 100%
Flat B, 29th Floor, Block 3
Locwood Court
Kingswood Villas
1 Tin Wu Road
Tin Shui Wai
Yuen Long
New Territories
Hong Kong
Residential premises for 
rental
Medium term lease 100%


--- page 174 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITEDAnnual Report 2025
173
31 DECEMBER 2025
PARTICULARS OF INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
Location Use Tenure
Percentage of 
interest attributable 
to the Group    
Flat B, 8th Floor, Block 2 and
car parking space
No. 60 on Level 1
Dragon Inn Court
9 Tsing Ha Lane
Tuen Mun
New Territories
Hong Kong
Residential premises and 
car parking space for 
rental
Medium term lease 100%
Flat D, 12th Floor, Block 2
Belvedere Garden
Phase 2
620 Castle Peak Road
Tsuen Wan
New Territories
Hong Kong
Residential premises for 
rental
Medium term lease 100%
Units 1-7-1, 8-7-1
No.126 Yuzhou Road
Jiulongpo District
Chongqing
Chinese Mainland
Office premises for rental Medium term lease 100%
6th Floor, Block 4
Youyi Garden
52 Kaixuan Road
Kuancheng District
Changchun
Chinese Mainland
Residential premises for 
rental
Medium term lease 100%
Room 103, 201–212 Block 10
6th District of Shangdi Dongli
No. 26 Shangdi East Road
Haidian District
Beijing
Chinese Mainland
Residential premises for 
rental
Medium term lease 100%


--- page 175 ---
FOUNDER HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2025
174
FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY
A summary of the results and of the assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests of the Group for the last five financial years, as 
extracted from the published audited financial statements, is set out below.
RESULTS
Year ended 31 December
2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000      
REVENUE 907,162 924,854 982,029 957,578 1,073,838      
PROFIT FOR THE YEAR 30,158 47,856 59,756 34,751 43,484      
Attributable to:
Owners of the parent 29,808 47,856 59,756 34,751 43,484
Non-controlling interests 350 – – – –      
30,158 47,856 59,756 34,751 43,484      
ASSETS, LIABILITIES AND NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS
As at 31 December
2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000      
TOTAL ASSETS 1,432,536 1,444,484 1,466,417 1,483,734 1,566,812
TOTAL LIABILITIES (315,203) (324,562) (366,329) (433,666) (473,409)      
1,117,333 1,119,922 1,100,088 1,050,068 1,093,403      