譚木匠控股有限公司
CARPENTER TAN HOLDINGS LIMITED
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
Stock Code : 837




                                                                   2025
 For identification purpose only                              ANNUAL REPORT
                               CONTENTS
1    Contents                                       75    Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

2    Corporate Information                          76    Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
                                                          Other Comprehensive Income
4    Financial Highlights
                                                    77    Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
5    Chairman’s Statement
                                                    79    Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
7    Management Discussion and Analysis
                                                    80    Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
44   Biography of Directors and Senior Management
                                                    82    Notes to the Financial Statements
47   Corporate Governance Report
                                                    149 Principal Properties Held for Investment Purposes
59   Report of the Directors
                                                    150 Financial Summary
71   Independent Auditor’s Report
                                  CORPORATE INFORMATION


    EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                                NOMINATION COMMITTEE
    Mr. Tan Chuan Hua (Chairman)                       Mr. Chau Kam Wing, Donald (Chairman)
    Mr. Tan Di Fu                                      Ms. Liu Liting
    Mr. Luo Hongping                                   Mr. Yang Tiannan (resigned on 31 October 2025)
    Mr. Tan Lizi (appointed on 1 February 2025)        Dr. Wong Kong Tin (appointed on 1 November 2025)
    Ms. Liu Kejia (appointed on 1 February 2025)
                                                       COMPANY SECRETARY
    INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE                          Mr. Chan Hon Wan CA
    DIRECTORS
    Mr. Chau Kam Wing, Donald                          AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
    Ms. Liu Liting
                                                       Mr. Chan Hon Wan CA
    Mr. Yang Tiannan (resigned on 31 October 2025)
                                                       Mr. Tan Chuan Hua
    Dr. Wong Kong Tin (appointed on 1 November 2025)

                                                       REGISTERED OFFICE
    AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                                       Cricket Square
    Mr. Chau Kam Wing, Donald (Chairman)
                                                       Hutchins Drive
    Ms. Liu Liting
                                                       PO Box 2681
    Mr. Yang Tiannan (resigned on 31 October 2025)
                                                       Grand Cayman KY1-1111
    Dr. Wong Kong Tin (appointed on 1 November 2025)
                                                       Cayman Islands

    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                             PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS
    Mr. Chau Kam Wing, Donald (Chairman)               IN MAINLAND CHINA
    Ms. Liu Liting
                                                       Type A Factory Building
    Mr. Yang Tiannan (resigned on 31 October 2025)
                                                       Longbao Shuanghekou
    Dr. Wong Kong Tin (appointed on 1 November 2025)
                                                       Light Industry Park
                                                       Wanzhou District
                                                       Chongqing
                                                       The PRC




    CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
2
    2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                    CORPORATE INFORMATION



PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS                    AUDITOR
IN HONG KONG                                   Crowe (HK) CPA Limited
Room 708, 7th Floor                            9th Floor
Witty Commercial Building                      Leighton Centre
1A-1L Tung Choi Street                         77 Leighton Road
Mong Kok                                       Causeway Bay
Kowloon                                        Hong Kong
Hong Kong
                                               LEGAL ADVISORS TO THE
PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR                      COMPANY
AND TRANSFER OFFICE                            Hastings & Co
Butterfield Fulcrum Group (Cayman) Limited     11th Floor, 1101
Butterfield House                              Gloucester Tower
68 Fort Street                                 15 Queen’s Road Central
P.O. Box 609, Grand Cayman KY1-1107            Central
Cayman Islands                                 Hong Kong


HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE                         STOCK CODE
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER                         837
OFFICE
Tricor Investor Services Limited               COMPANY WEBSITE
17/F, Far East Finance Centre                  www.ctans.com
16 Harcourt Road
Hong Kong


PRINCIPAL BANKERS
China Construction Bank
86 Hau Yei Tang Road
Wanzhou, Chongqing
The PRC

Agricultural Bank of China
Wanzhou Fen Hang Ying Ye Bu
222 Tai Bai Road
Wanzhou, Chongqing
The PRC




                                                             CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                       3
                                                                               2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                               FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS


                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December                           Changes
                                                                                                   2025            2024                          Increase/
                                                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000                         (Decrease)

    Financial Highlights
      Revenue                                                                                      558,223                 505,436                   10.4%
      Cost of sales                                                                               (212,921)               (200,234)                   6.3%
      Gross profit                                                                                 345,302                 305,202                   13.1%
      Profit before taxation                                                                       216,486                 212,934                    1.7%
      Profit attributable to owners of the Company                                                 171,027                 171,366                   (0.2)%
      Basic earnings per share (RMB cents)                                                           68.76                   68.90                   (0.2)%
      Proposed final dividend per share (HK cents)                                                   38.31                   36.63                    4.6%

                                                                                                                                                  Changes
                                                                                                   As at 31 December                             Increase/
                                                                                                      2025           2024                      (Decrease)

    Liquidity and Gearing
      Current ratio(1)                                                                                  4.55                   5.48                 (17.0)%
      Quick ratio(2)                                                                                    1.87                   2.50                 (25.2)%
      Gearing ratio(3)                                                                                 N/A(4)                  N/A(4)                     –

    Notes:


    (1)      Current ratio is calculated as total current assets divided by total current liabilities as at the relevant year end.


    (2)      Quick ratio is calculated as total current assets less inventories divided by total current liabilities as at the relevant year end.


    (3)      Gearing ratio is calculated as total interest-bearing bank borrowings, less cash and cash equivalents, divided by total equity as at the
             end of relevant year and multiplied by 100%.


    (4)      As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group did not have any interest-bearing bank borrowings. The calculation of gearing ratio is
             not meaningful.




    CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
4
    2025 ANNUAL REPORT
Chairman's
Statement




        CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                  5
                          2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                      CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


    Dear Shareholders,

    On behalf of the board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) of Carpenter Tan Holdings Limited (the “Company”), I am
    pleased to present the annual report of the Company and its subsidiaries (together the “Group” or “Carpenter Tan”) for the
    year ended 31 December 2025 (the “Year Under Review”) to the shareholders (the “Shareholders”) and potential investors for
    your review.

    First of all, I would like to extend my sincere apologies to everyone: After a decade of property rights protection efforts
    concerning the Company’s management center office building in Jurong, Jiangsu, the Higher People’s Court of Jiangsu
    Province rejected the Company’s retrial application at the end of 2025. Despite management’s utmost efforts over these ten
    years, the final outcome has been a great disappointment to the Company. Hereby, the Company expresses its profound
    concern and apologies to all shareholders and investors. Secondly, the Company will continue to defend its rights, fight to the
    end and strive to mitigate losses through means such as appeals, petitions, media outreach and seeking government support.
    Finally, the Company will engage in self-reflection and review. Only by strengthening foundational management, strictly
    adhering to management procedures and internal control systems, fulfilling all functions and responsibilities, and solidifying
    the Company’s foundations, can we effectively prevent both foreseeable and unforeseeable operational risks. Meanwhile,
    the Company believes that this incident has limited impact on its fundamental operations and business scope. Hereby, we
    also kindly ask all shareholders and investors to grant the Company more tolerance, understanding, encouragement, and
    confidence.

    In 2025, amidst a broader market environment still characterized by sluggish demand, low confidence, and weak growth
    momentum, the Company remained committed to focusing on its own operations. We deepened market expansion and
    advanced customer experience services, while also intensifying efforts to enforce market order and rectify violations. We
    opened a Song Dynasty aesthetics flagship store in Beijing and advanced expansion plans in Shanghai and Guangzhou or
    Shenzhen, striving to enhance the brand image and the confidence of the franchise system. Our overseas market initiatives,
    including online platform channels and offline self-operated and co-operated models, began to show initial improvements
    and results. We focused on product design R&D as well as process technology innovation, paying close attention to product
    quality and after-sales service guarantees. Fruitful results in innovation, technological advancement, and intellectual property
    were achieved. Continuous brand activities such as Design Competition, the “Garden of Combs”, rationalization suggestions,
    and short stories yielded significant progress, infusing the practice of our core values and brand culture building with greater
    vitality. Fundamental management practices – including cost control through competitive sourcing and lean production – were
    effectively strengthened. As a result, the Company achieved relatively strong growth in areas such as net retail sales and the
    profitability of its main business compared to 2024. Looking back at 2025 and the Company’s third three-year development
    plan, the Company has delivered a solid performance to all shareholders and investors.

    The year 2026 marks the first year of the Company’s implementation of its fourth three-year development plan. The Company
    has established clear objectives, action plans, and specific measures across sixteen key areas: value proposition, risk
    management and control, safety protocols, performance targets, marketing planning, market regulation and rectification, new
    product development, technological R&D, brand building, order fulfillment, human resources planning, financial services, quality
    assurance, resource support, public welfare initiatives, and organizational culture. Setting higher standards, the Company
    commits to concrete actions, not mere documentation.

    In 2026, we will stay grounded, stay focused and keep moving forward.




    Mr. Tan Chuan Hua
    Chairman of the Board

    Hong Kong, 27 March 2026




    CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
6
    2025 ANNUAL REPORT
MANAGEMENT
 DISCUSSION
    AND
  ANALYSIS




        CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                  7
                          2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


    MANAGEMENT REVIEW
    Based on the operational performance targets, key task areas, and critical work measures proposed in early 2025, the
    Company has closely monitored their execution and implementation. Each performance target and key task is anchored
    through three dimensions: strategic indicators at the corporate level, specific assignment to functional departments,
    and concrete execution by internal functional roles. This is further reinforced by quality objectives, process controls, and
    implementation measures within the three-quality management system. Monthly work meetings, special topic sessions,
    and quarterly evaluations then ensure concrete implementation and execution from the corporate level through functional
    departments to individual responsible personnel.

    Construction of Phase I of the northern area of the new factory in Wanzhou has been fully completed according to design
    plan, with both the northern and southern areas now fully operational. This has provided effective site support for strategic raw
    material reserves and enabled implementation conditions for material drying techniques and the balanced conditioning process
    that ensures property stability. It has completely eliminated the significant “three-in-one” safety risk that persistently existed at
    the formerly leased logistics distribution center. Alongside optimizing production workflows and layout, comprehensive plans
    for improvements have been largely implemented to facilitate the employment of persons with disabilities and to enhance
    accessibility in production and living facilities. Photovoltaic power generation capacity has been further enhanced, representing
    a positive step forward in exploring low-carbon energy, green factory initiatives, and economic efficiency.

    The Beijing flagship store, designed under the concept of Song Dynasty aesthetics, has completed its design phase and
    entered construction. It is scheduled to open in April 2026. The store will deeply showcase Song Dynasty aesthetics, combing
    experiences, handmade woodcraft, art curation, and the “Garden of Combs”. During the Year Under Review, a store of
    approximately 100 square meters with similar functionality and image to the Beijing flagship was launched in Suzhou, receiving
    positive feedback from property owners, along with strong market reputation and solid sales performance. Based on this,
    while ensuring the successful launch of the Beijing flagship store, the Company also plans to introduce flagship concept stores
    in Shanghai, Guangzhou, or Shenzhen. These initiatives aim not only to enhance brand image but also to further strengthen
    franchisees’ confidence in opening larger, higher-quality stores, fostering greater respect and recognition for the brand from
    property owners, and creating more favorable conditions for the brand’s reach and market expansion.

    We intensified our efforts in brand communication and promotion, including the “Garden of Combs” and the Design
    Competition. Throughout the year, six “Garden of Combs” pop-up experience events were held across six cities. In Hangzhou,
    we hosted the 10th Design Competition Anniversary celebration, achievement exhibition and salon exchange. Meanwhile,
    efforts to build and preserve our intangible cultural heritage continued without pause. The stunning introduction of traditional
    lacquer techniques and cloisonné enamel inlay work aligned with government initiatives in cultural tourism and intangible
    cultural heritage, continuously exploring, presenting, and building upon these traditional crafts.




    CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
8
    2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



In the domestic offline market, we continued to expand into prime locations – including tourist attractions and transportation
hubs – as well as desirable shopping malls and quality storefronts. Underperforming side counters and strip counters were
remodeled and upgraded into independent stores. Through the franchisee annual conference and the Combing Competition,
we advanced and delivered immersive combing experiences that bring us closer to our customers. Throughout the year,
significant growth was achieved in store expansion and upgrades, product refreshes, retail sales, and order fulfillment. In the
domestic online market, adhering to our long-standing principle of refraining from price-based marketing and discounting,
we deepened customer relationship management and after-sales service across various platforms. Through effective live
streaming planning and content marketing, we still maintained healthy growth. In overseas markets, despite the impact of
tariffs and trade wars, the Company adjusted its strategies in a timely manner. Both online platform channels and offline self-
operated and co-operated expansion models showed initial improvements and results. The opening of a self-operated store
in Singapore, a co-operated store in Malaysia, and an international image store in Hong Kong’s Festival Walk simultaneously
enhanced sales performance and brand image building.

Leveraging the wisdom of our employees, we continuously optimized and improved processes, procedures, and operating
methods. Through initiatives such as improvements in raw material sawing and cutting methods, reasonable suggestions on
material drying temperatures, combined patterning templates, and the efficient utilization of returned materials, we gathered
ideas to implement lean production, cost savings, productivity enhancement, and waste elimination. The R&D of intelligent
comb-tooth polishing, automated one-step milling of comb blanks, product patina finishing, and all-natural green plant-dyeing
techniques is now ready for craftsmanship and mass production, with gradual delivery and expanded application underway.
Regarding intelligent detection of product defects, external equipment tested by multiple professional institutions has failed to
meet the Company’s requirements. In the detection of tube hole cracks and ball-head defects, we have made some progress
through in-house development and have achieved partial implementation. However, arduous efforts are still required to
overcome current production and technical bottlenecks. This represents precisely the value that the Company must pursue –
and succeed in achieving.

During the Year Under Review, the Company operated with well-defined performance targets, clear strategic priorities, as
well as appropriate and effective corresponding measures. As a result, the Company achieved solid growth in areas such as
net retail sales and core business profitability compared to 2024, while overall corporate governance remained effective and
healthy.




                                                                                  CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                    9
                                                                                                    2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     I.   OFFLINE BUSINESS
          For the year ended 31 December 2025, the offline team continued to steadfastly execute its core strategy of “expanding
          and deepening sales channels, enhancing and enriching specialty store services, and exploring and operating new retail
          businesses”. As a result, the offline business achieved leapfrog growth, with core performance indicators reaching record
          highs. POS retail sales of our offline business reached RMB847 million, representing an increase of 11.2% compared to
          the same period in 2024.

          During the Year Under Review, the offline team pursued the objectives of consolidating channel advantages and
          unlocking network potential. By implementing policies that support store expansion and image upgrades, the Company
          added 182 new stores and renovated 161 stores over the year. We secured presence in several landmark projects,
          including the largest outlet mall in the country, Beijing Zhongguancun Art Park DALEONG City, first stores in Taiyuan
          and Hohhot MixC, and Henan Fat Donglai Angel City – achieving both quantitative and qualitative enhancement of
          our channel network. The group purchasing business successfully expanded into Sam’s Club and precious metals
          channels, opening new avenues for performance growth. With the goal of deepening service experiences and building
          brand loyalty, we organized the inaugural Combing Competition to foster skills exchange and learning among stores
          nationwide. Service offerings such as gift wrapping and engraving were adaptively refined, and the “Specialty Store
          Social Platform Behavior Guidelines” were formulated and implemented, embedding the “consumer-first” philosophy
          into operational details. Aiming to strengthen brand momentum and connect with target customers, we continued our
          offline marketing strategy of Group-led, store-coordinated initiatives. The “Garden of Combs” campaign was successfully
          launched in multiple cities including Changsha, Kunming, Guangzhou, Hangzhou, Nanjing, and Shenyang. Through a
          unified design language and comb-making experiences, we achieved a dual enhancement of brand communication and
          market performance.

          Offline business will continue to deepen our symbiotic growth and mutual prosperous with the franchise teams. Through
          more systematic training, more precise operational support, and closer marketing collaboration, we will solidify a healthy
          and stable franchise system. We are committed to transforming our strategy of ‘deep cultivation and thorough execution’
          into sustainable profitability at the retail side. Together, hand in hand, we will lay a solid foundation for our century-long
          endeavor.

     1.   SPECIALTY STORES OVERVIEW

          For the year ended 31 December 2025, Carpenter Tan had a total of 1,301 franchised stores and 1 self-operated store
          in Mainland China, 6 franchised stores and 1 self-operated store in other countries and regions, and 3 self-operated
          stores in Hong Kong. The total number of stores was 1,312. There was an increased by 58 stores as compared to 1,254
          stores as of 31 December 2024. Among them, shopping mall stores, image stores of the third generation, and Morandi
          image stores accounted for 73.8%, 40.7% and 58.3%, respectively.

          Number of franchised stores, overseas stores and counters as at 31 December 2025

                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                             2025                          2024
                                                                    Franchised Self-operated      Franchised Self-operated
                                                                        stores        stores          stores        stores

          Mainland China                                                  1,301                  1            1,245                  1
          Hong Kong                                                           –                  3                –                  3
          Other countries and regions                                         6                  1                5                  –

          Total                                                           1,307                  5            1,250                  4



     CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
10
     2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     Number of franchised stores distribution in China as at 31 December 2025

                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                      2025                          2024
                                                             Number of                     Number of
                                                             franchised                    franchised
     Type of stores                                               store    Percentage           store    Percentage

     Shopping mall                                                  960           73.8%               875           70.3%
     Street shop                                                    217           16.7%               236           19.0%
     Department store                                                57            4.4%                59            4.7%
     Supermarket                                                      8            0.6%                12            1.0%
     Scenic spot                                                     43            3.3%                46            3.7%
     Transportation hub                                               9            0.7%                 9            0.7%
     Hotel                                                            2            0.1%                 2            0.2%
     Others                                                           5            0.4%                 6            0.4%

     Total                                                        1,301          100.0%             1,245          100.0%

2.   OFFLINE ADVERTISING AND BRAND PROMOTION

     During the Year Under Review, the Group continued to strengthen its brand marketing initiatives and established
     dedicated subsidy funds for systematic, multi-dimensional offline advertising and integrated marketing promotion,
     effectively enhancing brand exposure and market recognition. In terms of specific implementation, the Group
     advanced the image development of DP points within core business circles, deployed LED large screens and light box
     advertisement, and actively participated in key industry exhibitions, achieving a brand presence transformation from
     static displays to dynamic engagements and from isolated placement to systematic presentation. Through the integration
     of diversified channels, the Group have not only expanded the brand’s reach but also ensured the consistent delivery of
     the brand value. Leveraging high-quality visual content and emotive communication, the Group has strengthened users’
     recognition of and connection with the brand.

     During the Year Under Review, “Garden of Comb” brand pop-up events were successively held in six cities, including
     Changsha, Kunming, Guangzhou, Nanjing, Hangzhou and Shenyang. The event prominently showcased the award-
     winning works from the Design Competition, limited-edition new products from the intangible cultural heritage handicraft
     series and comb-making art, allowing customers to experience the beauty of the products and the exquisiteness of
     the craftsmanship directly. With the on-site brand culture displays and explanation of production process, participants
     had a deeper understanding of Carpenter Tan’s inheritance, inner core of craftsmanship and brand philosophy through
     interactions. Through the series of pop-up events, the brand awareness and emotional recognition in the regional market
     have been effectively enhanced, and a clearer and more appealing brand image has been established for the core
     customer base.




                                                                                CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                11
                                                                                                  2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



          Overall, the advertising investment and marketing execution during the year further consolidated the brand image and
          position in key markets, accumulated valuable offline interaction experience for the long-term development of the brand,
          and laid a solid foundation for sales conversion and long-term development.

     3.   CONTINUOUS IMPROVEMENT ON THE CONSTRUCTION OF THE MEMBERSHIP SYSTEM

          During the Year Under Review, the membership system of Carpenter Tan entered a new development stage, with
          significant increase in both total number and activity of our members. As of the end of the year, the total number of
          members exceeded 1.55 million, with 330,812 new members during the year, representing a year-on-year increase of
          15.04% (as compared with 287,567 in 2024). Members’ enthusiasm for engagement remained consistently high, with a
          total of 182,132 benefit redemption orders completed throughout the year, reflecting the members’ strong recognition
          and active response to the brand interaction mechanism.

          In the future, the offline team will further optimize the membership system, strive to improve the allocation of member
          benefits and service experience, and deepen the emotional connection between members and the brand through more
          engaging interactions and more valuable feedback, thereby providing a solid and active user base for the long-term
          development of the brand.

     4.   DIVERSE NEW PRODUCT LAUNCH

          During the Year Under Review, a total of six rounds of new products were launched, with a total of 37 new products
          under seven series. These include 10 innovative works carrying intangible cultural heritage skills, as well as thematic
          series for various seasons and occasions such as Mother’s Day, summer, wedding and New Year’s Day. While precisely
          addressing market and consumer demands, the Group has continued to expand the products’ emotional connotations
          and aesthetic expression.

          Among the intangible cultural heritage handicraft series, “Hua Cai Liu Nian (華彩流年)” cloisonné enamel comb draws
          inspiration from the art of traditional enamel painting to reinterpret the radiant brilliance through a contemporary design.
          “Qi Yun Dong Fang (漆韻東方)” lacquer comb strictly adheres to traditional methods, undergoing dozens of processes
          to embody millennia of lacquer craftsmanship, thereby expressing oriental elegance.

          The Mother’s Day series focuses on emotional gifting. Through structural optimization and tooth shape innovation, the
          two products, “Shuxin” and “Shunyi”, combine the lightness of ring combs and the thoughtfulness of haircare combs
          to provide a more refined massage experience. “Jingbo” and “Qiyun” further embrace the contours of the head through
          refined curve and tooth tip, conveying warmth and care.

          The summer series features wood as its base, adorned with natural materials such as Hotan Jade and South Red
          Agate. The artistic conception of landscapes is incorporated into accessories such as bracelets and hairpins, balancing
          practicality for daily wear with stylish embellishment and adding a touch of elegance to the summer season. The
          scraping massage comb launched in the same period was made from new materials, with an ergonomically optimized
          comb shape to provide a more comfortable experience.




     CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
12
     2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     The inserted comb series achieves a differentiated iteration of existing inserted comb through materials contrast and
     meticulous pattern design, embodying a beautiful wish of “lifelong togetherness”. The wedding-themed set features
     traditional auspicious motifs such as mandarin ducks and linked-wing birds, along with practical combination of a comb,
     mirror and haircare comb, conveying a blessing of “mirrored in pairs, flying side by side” for couples.

     The New Year’s Day series draws inspiration from poetry, calligraphy and painting and outlines the comb body with fluid
     shape and free-flowing lines. It integrates the oriental life philosophy of “living life to the fullest with joy and contentment”,
     conveying a sense of calmness through the act of combing.

     New products launched throughout the year consistently centered on users’ real-world usage scenarios and emotional
     needs. Through a themed and serialized product matrix, we continued to enrich consumer choices and strengthen the
     brand’s product appeal and emotional connection.




5.   COEXISTENCE OF MULTIPLE STORE IMAGE STYLES

     During the Year Under Review, a total of 391 stores were renovated throughout the year. Among them, the number
     of Morandi-styled stores, Tommy Li’s image stores and Song Dynasty aesthetics image stores was 298, 1 and 1,
     respectively, and the remaining stores were third generation-styled stores.

     The store design created in collaboration with Hong Kong designer Tommy Li is implemented at Qinghe Mixc Mall in
     Qinghe, Beijing, which has now officially opened. Relevant materials and structures will undergo minor adjustment and
     modification during the implementation at subsequent stores. The plan will be refined and the quality of renovation will
     be enhanced to ensure each store presents a high-quality image to consumers, thereby enhancing the brand’s market
     appeal.




                                                                                      CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                          13
                                                                                                        2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



          The image design plan for the Song Dynasty aesthetics store in collaboration with Luokeke Company is currently
          underway. Currently, the Suzhou Mixc World store has completed renovation and opened on schedule. Given that
          the preliminary design and process are still in an unstable phase, further observation and refinement of specific
          implementation plan are required. The design plan for Beijing flagship store has been finalized and the preparations for
          renovation are currently underway.

          At the same time, phased results have been achieved in the image upgrade of the third generation-styled stores
          (Matsumoto-styled). In the future, it will bring new vitality to the shopping mall scene, providing customers with a
          completely new brand experience.

     6.   OFFLINE BUSINESS FOCUS IN 2026

          Through our franchisee team and self-owned new retail platform, we will continue to expand domestic high-quality
          channels and further advance store image upgrade. For core regions and key channels, we will provide market support
          and continuously promote the opening of new image stores and large-format stores to further enhance brand awareness
          across the nation. By leveraging the geographical advantages of stores nationwide and utilizing new media and other
          channels for brand promotion, we will reinforce the brand’s irreplaceable position in the market.

          We will retain existing customers and expand new customer base with high-quality products and high emotional value.
          In an era where consumers are becoming increasingly rational, robust product strength serves as the strongest defense
          against price wars and economic fluctuations. Simultaneously, the approach of extending products to visual design and
          consumer touchpoint will be adopted to diversify the interactions between products and consumers. We will endeavor
          to innovate by extending brand experience to store services, packaging designs and member interactions, thereby
          continuing to strengthen the cultural attributes of the brand. Wooden combs will be positioned not only as hair caring
          tools, but also as carriers of “health needs”, “cultural inheritance” and “self-enjoyment”.

          Improving service level while iterating and upgrading new products to enhance the profitability of stores: In response
          to the external environment characterized by consumers’ need for enhanced service quality and growing demand for
          emotional wellness products, the Group will establish standards and allocate resources to set up demonstration stores.
          Through online and offline training alongside store supervision, we will ensure the effective implementation of service
          standards. The sales team will continue to enhance support across multiple areas, including store image maintenance,
          sales assistant service supervision, product promotion package, after-sales value-added expansion and diversification of
          experimental activities, thereby strengthening the franchise system’s resilience to risks.

          Continuously developing the brand content ecosystem and increasing live streaming frequency: We will conduct multi-
          channel brand promotion by integrating various nodes and organizing pop-up events, enabling consumers to experience
          the brand’s advocacy for a positive, healthy lifestyle alongside its rich Chinese cultural heritage and craftsmanship
          throughout their journey of learning about the brand and using our products. The current consumer goods market has
          consistently demonstrated that those who are able to soothe consumers’ emotions will win the market.




     CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
14
     2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



II.   ONLINE BUSINESS
      For the year ended 31 December 2025, the online business completed sales (including VAT) of RMB256.8 million and
      met 104.4% of the yearly target, representing a 9.2% year-on-year increase as compared to 2024. As the Group insisted
      on its price system and refrained from participating in price wars, platforms were required to remove all consumption
      coupons during the Double Eleven, Double Twelve, and Christmas and New Year’s Day events. This led to a slight year-
      on-year decline in traffic and conversions during the events, which in turn led to a decrease in sales for November and
      December. The average monthly sales growth rate in other months throughout the year was around 11.8%.


                           Monthly online sales for 2025 as compared to 2024

          RMB’000
          35,000                                                                                                     35%

          30,000                30.5%                                                                                 30%
                                                                                                                     25%
          25,000
                                                                  21.5%                                              20%
          20,000
                                                 15.7%                                                               15%
          15,000                                          11.6%                            12.0%
                                                                          9.3%                      11.9%            10%
          10,000
                                                                                                                     5%
                        1.5%            2.5%                                     1.5%
           5,000                                                                                            -0.6%     0%
                                                                                                                  -2.1%
               0                                                                                                      -5%
                     Jan    Feb     Mar        Apr   May      Jun     Jul     Aug       Sep       Oct   Nov     Dec




                                          Sales in 2025       Sales in 2024         Growth rate




                                                                                      CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                15
                                                                                                        2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     1.   NEW CHANNEL EXPANSION AND NEW PROMOTION METHODS

          During the Year Under Review, the online team closely followed platform development trends and actively explored
          operations on new channels and promotional methods, such as: (i) In February, we newly expanded to WeChat Store
          and maintained normal operations. The WeChat Store features a gift-sending function that allows users to forward
          purchased products to others with one single click. This function carries a sense of ritual, aligning well with our brand’s
          gift-giving attribute. (ii) We actively followed up on new channels on the Tmall platform and conducted in-depth research
          into the Lazada-mall sales model. However, due to the involvement of overseas pricing structure, we did not establish
          a presence on the platform. (iii) Negotiations with the Dewu platform remain ongoing. Due to the platform’s relatively
          high commission rates and the requirement to purchase its packaging materials for order fulfillment, we have not yet
          established a presence. However, both parties remain in ongoing communication to seek solutions. The platform is
          now willing to lower its commission rates and upgrade our brand’s onboarding status. We are still in discussions about
          onboarding. (iv) This year, we launched a new content promotion channel – Xiao Hong Xing (a collaboration between
          Xiao Hong Shu and Tmall)—establishing a data link between Taobao and Xiao Hong Shu. As a content-sharing platform,
          Xiao Hong Shu possesses a vast user base and strong influence in driving purchases. By integrating e-commerce
          activities with tailored promotional strategies, combined with information flow advertising, we rapidly adjust budget
          allocation based on real-time data feedback to achieve “integrated brand and performance marketing”. This significantly
          enhanced user awareness and interest in our products, thereby increasing store search volume, traffic, add-to-cart rate
          and transaction volume. In 2025, through Xiao Hong Xing promotion, we achieved 849,000 reading UV, 125,000 store
          visit UV, and RMB 4,440,000 in GMV attributed to the channel.

     2.   DOUYIN CHANNEL EXPANSION

          In terms of Douyin channel promotion, we still focused on promoting brand culture. During the Year Under Review, a
          total of 287 videos were published on our own account (Douyin channel), with the total number of followers reaching
          more than 845,000, the total account exposure exceeding 313 million and the total account interactions reaching over 5.4
          million. We collaborated with a total of 39 talent accounts and published a total of 91 videos for the year (including videos
          distributed to other platforms), with the total promotion exposure reaching over 37.15 million and the total promotion
          interaction exceeding 1.84 million. We held special live streaming through our self-operated account @Carpenter Tan
          official flagship store during Mother’s Day this year. The live streaming spanned three days, featuring themes centered
          around emotions, new product launches and historical culture. The overall exposure was 2.1 million. There were
          180,200 views in the live streaming room, with 49,800 new followers. Annual sales from Douyin’s self-operated platform
          reached 10.98 million, marking a 34.4% increase. An IP offline event attracted over 250 fans to participate in check-ins
          and content creation, with the hashtag #CarpenterTansIPIsSoCute generating over 10,000 interactions.




     CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
16
     2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



3.   MARKETING ACTIVITIES

     During the Year Under Review, the online team executed a total of 15 marketing campaigns, maintaining consistent tone
     and execution across both online and offline activities to drive overall sales targets. In alignment with brand campaign
     milestones and platform activity schedules, the team coordinated and planned both on-site and off-site content
     promotion in advance, with relevant work deployments made ahead of time. During the campaign build-up period and
     the peak period, all channels spoke with a unified voice to promote simultaneously, resulting in a significant sales uplift
     during the campaign windows. Average daily front-end sales increased by 31.3% year-on-year.

4.   ON-SITE AND OFF-SITE CONTENT PROMOTION

     The online team centered its efforts around Carpenter Tan’s woodworking craftsmanship, cultural connotations
     and product usage scenarios, focusing on themes such as combing, gifting and wellness. Through scenario-based
     storytelling, we demonstrated the close connection between our products and daily life, effectively increasing brand
     exposure. By leveraging influencer recommendations, we expanded brand influence and precisely targeted our intended
     customer base. Supported by the establishment of data analytics and user feedback mechanisms, we continuously
     optimized content strategies and enhanced promotional effectiveness.

     During the Year Under Review, we published 147 pieces of content on Xiao Hong Shu, generating over 1.227 million
     clicks and more than 69,800 interactions. This drove 849,000 in-app clicks and 125,000 store visits. On-site content
     channels such as Tmall and JD.com published 548 short videos created by KOLs, achieving 4.836 million+ views and
     attracting 710,000+ visitors.




                                                                                 CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                   17
                                                                                                   2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     5.   DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION

          During the Year Under Review, the online team has introduced an intelligent refund processing bot system, enabling
          24/7 automated operations. It consistently handles over 500 refunds daily, significantly shortening the refund response
          cycle and substantially improving operational efficiency. Accuracy approaches 100%, effectively eliminating human error
          to safeguard fund security and customer satisfaction. Resource allocation is optimized, reducing labor requirements
          while compressing abnormal order verification time from 4 hours to under 1 hour. The entire process automatically
          generates records and synchronizes status updates with the customer service system, ensuring full traceability.

          To enhance the customer inquiry experience and meet consumer needs for personalized services in scenarios such as
          delivery timeliness, marketing campaigns, product information and after-sales support, the online team has deployed and
          operated an advanced intelligent customer service bot. It effectively covers both platform-wide standard rules and store-
          specific personalized service content. Overall, nearly 80% of inquiries focus on standardized, highly repetitive areas like
          logistics, promotions, product information and basic after-sales support. By leveraging the intelligent customer service
          bot’s capabilities in these core scenarios, it provides clear direction for subsequent optimization of the knowledge base
          structure, improvement of automated response accuracy and enhancement of service efficiency.




     CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
18
     2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



6.   CREATING POPULAR PRODUCTS

     During the Year Under Review, the online team continued to focus on three new key products that emerged as new hit
     items: the hair care comb Cui Ping (翠屏), the HET ring-shaped tooth comb and the lacquer comb Xin Xiang Shi Cheng (心
     想事橙).

     In the 2025 sales statistics, the hair care comb Cui Ping (翠屏) ranked first in sales, accounting for 8.76% of the annual
     sales; Xin Xiang Shi Cheng (心想事橙) ranked ninth, accounting for 1.76% of the annual sales; and the HET ring-
     shaped tooth comb ranked thirteenth, accounting for 1.53% of the annual sales. The sales volume of these three items
     surpassed those of Que Ling II (雀翎二) (which accounted for 1.26% of the annual sales) and Lianyu (which accounted
     for 1.33% of the annual sales), all reaching the targeted level of popularity.

7.   TMALL LIVE STREAMING

     During the Year Under Review, the online team’s in-store live streaming promotions generated total transactions of
     RMB21,227,000, representing a 3% year-on-year increase as compared to 2024. The annual penetration rate was
     10.1%, achieving the annual penetration target. Total live-hosted streaming hours amounted to 2,840 hours, reflecting a
     decrease of 1 hour as compared to 2024, and ROI was improved.

     Live streaming GMV growth was primarily concentrated in the first half of 2025 (January-June), with growth slowing
     and showing a downward trend in the second half of the year. The platform promoted consumer vouchers this year to
     boost daily sales, extending coverage into regular-sales periods. In the fourth quarter (October-December), platform
     activities became frequent. Merchants and live streaming that offered no discounts were relatively disadvantaged in
     voucher-driven purchase scenarios, and conversion rates showed no growth during promotional periods. At the same
     time, without relevant mechanisms to attract traffic, live streaming became overly reliant on brand exposure and inherent
     product conversion rate, indicating that the current growth mechanisms for live streaming were somewhat inadequate.

     In 2025, live streaming attached 3.02 million viewers. Although in-stream traffic declined by 3% year-on-year, click-
     through rate for promoted products increased by 2.4% and the number of users clicking merchant links rose by 12%.
     This growth was mainly attributable to dedicated GMV promotion campaigns, which unlocked exclusive traffic incentives,
     reaching 687,000 viewers and accounting for nearly 23% of total views. This indicated that precision was more effective,
     than broad traffic, elevating the overall value of livestream traffic by 7% year-on-year.




                                                                                CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                 19
                                                                                                  2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     8.   ONLINE BUSINESS FOCUS IN 2026

          We aim to achieve a leap from “online sales” to “online brand asset accumulation”. We will plan and execute 2026
          marketing activities focused on elevating the brand and implementing refined operations, continuously converting online
          traffic into lasting brand equity. Our priority will be operating the “membership system” to boost repeat purchases from
          existing customers through targeted engagement with core audiences such as 88VIP and PLUS members. We will
          develop different marketing strategies and platform-exclusive offerings based on the characteristics of each platform. In
          our communications, we will emphasize “craftsmanship demonstrations” and “immersive experiences”, such as using
          short videos and live streaming to showcase the unique features of wooden combs. We will use short-video product
          links and search-placement tactics to capture broad audiences interested in Guochao, gifting and wellness. We will
          leverage data analysis to provide proactive care for users and build long-term ties between our brand and users.

          Regarding Douyin promotion, we will continue to deepen our brand promotion. Through systematic operations,
          we will establish “IP Xiao Tan” as a core brand asset of Carpenter Tan. We will further embed the idea that “every
          woman deserves a good comb”, transforming the definition of a “good comb” from a “daily commodity” to a “daily life
          experience”. Aligned with the characteristics and needs of themed marketing events, we will use influencer promotions
          to raise brand awareness and drive traffic, while also supporting offline store sales. For IP account content operations,
          we will operate both the official flagship store and interest-based accounts, centering content on the brand IP and
          establishing content sections closely related to Carpenter Tan’s brand and products, so as to solidify our market position
          and equate a good comb with Carpenter Tan. For material production, we will feature our brand IP characters (Xiao Tan
          and Panda Tan-Tan) as protagonists to create online promotional assets (videos, posters, stickers/emojis and other
          formats) and extend these materials for use in offline promotions.

          We will expand Dewu platform to increase vertical sales opportunities. Dewu, as a next-generation online community for
          trendy shopping, gathers young users who are passionate about “Guochao”, “design aesthetics” and “quality lifestyle”.
          We expect that, through this platform, Carpenter Tan will accelerate its youth-oriented transformation, positioning the
          brand as a “Guochao collectible” favored and shared by Gen Z.




     CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
20
     2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



We will optimize our online product system by upgrading product scenarios and completing a product-tiering system
across online and offline markets. For the core online use scenarios of “self-use” and “gifting”, we will prioritize
developing items such as minimalist, stylish “business light-gifts” suitable for workplace exchanges, as well as compact,
aesthetically pleasing “self-reward gifts” designed for women to indulge themselves. Using Tmall platform’s data bank,
we will create bespoke gift sets for different customer groups (e.g., newlyweds, workplace newcomers and seniors).
We will employ AI data tools to analyze social-media viral elements, consumer feedback and competitor’s strengths,
empowering designers to innovate product forms, ensuring new products preserve artisanal quality while aligning with
current aesthetic trends.

For Tmall live streaming, improvements will be made in the following areas: (1) implement a “daily standardization
+ themed-events” strategy; (2) improve the streamer team; (3) optimize live streaming strategies by maintaining
foundational, light-touch interactions while adding initiatives such as giveaways, lucky bags, red-packet showers and
hidden livestream perks to boost conversion rates. Additionally, we may launch themed activities such as “new-product
validation” and “packaging suggestions”, delegating certain activity decision-rights to fans. We will also establish a
dedicated livestream feedback channel to collect product-related and after-sales issues during live streaming and relay
them to the brands for collaborative improvement.

We will leverage AI search and recommendation tools to increase the brand’s visibility within AI systems and to
recommend the brand to users with relevant needs, thereby strengthening brand presence in demand scenarios and
embedding brand awareness into users mindsets. From the perspective of consumer needs, we will use AI to generate
additional brand interaction opportunities. We will analyze the brand’s core themes, key phrases and the visibility of
buyer AI search queries, and then optimize the brand’s content presence within AI environments to increase AI mentions
of our brand and to fill content gaps and address deficiencies.

We will establish a customer experience management system to collect platform, industry and consumer data,
converting them into actionable product optimization directives and service improvement strategies to enhance
e-commerce services and product optimization. Leveraging the omnichannel data of the CEM, we will provide real-time
alerts on negative feedback and enable prompt intervention. We will synchronize high-frequency pain-point data with the
design team to drive product design optimization. Additionally, we will leverage CEM’s quality inspection capabilities to
conduct a thorough analysis of customer service dialogues, refining exemplary cases into standard “golden scripts” to
improve overall service quality.




                                                                           CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                            21
                                                                                             2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     III. OVERSEAS BUSINESS
          For the year ended 31 December 2025, our offline overseas business recorded a total shipment of RMB4,293,000,
          representing a year-on-year increase of 16.8%. The sales of cross-border e-commerce platform amounted to
          approximately RMB1,087,800, with a year-on-year increase of 8.8%. The self-operated stores and online platforms in
          Hong Kong achieved a total sales of HK$4,841,000, representing a year-on-year increase of 13.43%.

          Market Expansion

          1.   At the end of October 2025, a new-generation image store called “Handcrafted Artistry”(手心藝序) designed by
               renowned Hong Kong designer Tommy Li’s team successfully opened at Festival Walk in Kowloon Tong, Hong
               Kong. The mall’s positioning, the store location and the new store image represented a significant effort by the
               Carpenter Tan brand to reshape and elevate its identity in the Hong Kong market. On the day of the opening
               ceremony, we invited dozens of local Hong Kong media outlets to participate and report on the event, ensuring
               effective localized promotion.

          2.   In mid-November 2025, we successfully opened our first self-operated store in the Singapore market at VIVO
               CITY shopping mall. Starting from scratch, we registered the company, set up bank accounts, recruited staff,
               selected the store location, engaged in business negotiations and prepared for renovations. The successful launch
               within just a few months was a testament to our long-term efforts and accumulated experience, demonstrating the
               Company’s capability for rapid expansion in overseas markets.

          3.   In 2025, the former franchise store in Canada closed due to rising rent. In August, we opened a new Morandi
               image store at CF Markville Mall in Toronto, Canada.

          4.   In October 2025, we opened our second partnership store in Mid Valley, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia in collaboration
               with our former joint venture partner.




     CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
22
     2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Cross-border E-commerce Business

1.    In 2025, we undertook significant adjustments and upgrades to our U.S. official website, rebuilding it to optimize
      the shopping experience and enhance our brand image. We also activated the new domain www.tanmujiang.com
      to maintain consistency in brand exposure. The new website showed notable improvements in visual appeal,
      content depth and user experience, laying a solid foundation for subsequent omnichannel promotions and helping
      to reach target users with a more complete and professional brand image.

2.    The development goals for overseas warehouse sites established at the beginning of the year have been
      temporarily postponed due to adjustments in U.S. tariff policies.

Overseas Exhibitions

In March 2025, we participated in the ASD Market Week in Las Vegas, USA, followed by the 100th Tokyo International
Gift Show in Japan in September and the Kuala Lumpur Forum in Malaysia in December. We effectively attracted
local foot traffic through activities such as handcrafted wooden comb DIY workshops, interactive painting experiences
and souvenir gifts, thereby enhancing our brand influence. We also invited creative designers to deeply participate in
overseas exhibitions, contributing to our accumulated insights for future product development.

Outlook for Overseas Market in 2026

1.    We will strengthen the operational management capabilities of our self-operated team, using the Festival Walk
      store as a benchmark to expand new stores in Hong Kong, and strive to achieve overall profitability target in the
      Hong Kong market by 2026.

2.    We will enhance employee training at our self-operated store in Singapore to achieve single-store profitability as
      soon as possible, and consolidate existing resources to expand into a second self-operated store.

3.    U.S. Amazon and DTC business will cooperate with the new generation of operating companies to deeply
      participate and learn, laying a solid foundation for establishing an in-house team in the future.

4.    In response to changes in the international landscape, we will implement a strategy to reduce costs for overseas
      exhibitions without compromising effectiveness.

5.    We will focus on refined operations across various markets, including but not limited to the development of
      localized products and packaging, promotional content for holiday seasons, social media management, offline
      advertising, and communication through KOL and new media.




                                                                          CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                           23
                                                                                            2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     IV. INNOVATIVE RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT
          During the Year Under Review, the creative R&D team focused product development efforts on structural innovation
          and restructuring, innovative applications of intangible cultural heritage craftsmanship, material integration and product
          system expansion, co-branding collaborations, packaging system upgrades and targeted development for overseas
          markets. We continuously increased R&D investment in new structures, new craftmanship, new materials, new designs
          and new markets. By embedding emotional connections and cultural significance within our products, we closely aligned
          with diverse consumer needs. Through systematic innovation, we consistently enhanced product competitiveness and
          brand influence.

          As of 31 December 2025, we completed the design and development of 17 projects for new products and launched a
          total of 89 new products. Out of 20 trial-marketed and evaluated products, 15 have been converted to regular products,
          while the status of the remaining products is pending.

          1.    New Structure

                Tooth hair-care comb project: we restructured the existing ring-shaped tooth comb and hair-care comb. Building
                upon the strengths of the above two comb products, we matched ball tooth and torch tooth to cater to the needs
                of different consumer groups. Both new products, “Shuxin” and “Shunyi”, ranked among the top 50 in outbound
                sales for 2025.

                The wooden bead embedded in the hair care comb handle features an innovative design that includes a freely
                rotating “Fu” character wooden bead in the standard comb handle. This allows users to easily move the bead
                before and after combing, enhancing the product’s visual appeal and adding an element of fun.

          2.    New Craftsmanship

                In 2025, we launched over ten new intangible cultural heritage products featuring traditional lacquer craftsmanship,
                cloisonné craftsmanship, and bone and wood inlay craftsmanship. The “Hua Cai Liu Nian (華彩流年)” cloisonné
                comb drew inspiration from traditional glaze painting art, reimagining its luminous splendor through contemporary
                design. The “Qi Yun Dong Fang (漆韻東方)” lacquer comb adhered to ancient techniques, undergoing dozens
                of processes to encapsulate millennia of lacquer artistry within its form, embodying Eastern elegance. The bone
                and wood inlay new products utilized optimized composite wood comb shapes, enhanced with cow bone inlays,
                resembling the dappled forest shadows on mountains and gentle boats floating on emerald waves. This design
                evoked a landscape painting aesthetic of “distant peaks and sparse woods” while subtly conveying the poetic
                imagery of “a single leaf boat”. Our creative R&D team continuously expanded the boundaries of intangible cultural
                heritage craftsmanship, honoring heritage with artisanal dedication and fostering innovation to rejuvenate the
                intangible cultural heritage craftsmanship.




     CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
24
     2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



3.   New Materials

     We innovatively combined materials of South Red Agate and Hotan Jade with sandalwood and small-leaf
     rosewood to create a series of high-end new Chinese-style accessories, launching four new products. By
     consistently maintaining our innovative vitality, we continually updated and expanded the accessories based
     on market demand to encourage repeat purchases. This approach addressed the shortcomings of traditional
     bracelets such as limited material variety and overly dark colors, so as to make products looked exquisite and
     beautiful.

4.   Joint Product Development

     We successfully launched 13 new products of the “Family Affection Series” and “Time Series” in collaboration
     with Hong Kong illustrators Thomas Siu and Li Chi Tak, completing the transformation of product and packaging
     design. This series employed their distinctive simplistic lines and vibrant colors to depict scenes that represented
     the essence of “home” in the designers’ mind, reshaping deeply held emotions. The portrayal of family, love and
     friendship aligned perfectly with the emotional connections emphasized by the Carpenter Tan brand. The stories
     depicted by these combs were, in essence, our own stories.

5.   Overseas Market-oriented Product Development

     Considering the cultural customs and natural scenery characteristics of the Southeast Asia region and in response
     to the demand for supplementing beard comb in the North American market, we developed products tailored for
     the Southeast Asian market and beard comb products tailored for the North American market respectively. This
     development aimed at meeting the needs of consumers in overseas market and facilitating the expansion of our
     brand’s overseas business.

6.   Design Upgrade of New Packaging System

     In early 2025, we collaborated with Tommy Li to focus on packaging as the primary theme, extending to various
     packaging models to complete the implementation, prototyping and cost estimation of the full packaging system.
     Two illustrated collaboration series have already adopted this new packaging system. In 2025, we also completed
     the design exploration for the full packaging solution based on the Song Dynasty aesthetic concept “combs as
     mountain ranges, hair as flowing rivers” proposed by the Rococo design consultants, and subsequently executed
     the full implementation of their proposed packaging solution.




                                                                           CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                            25
                                                                                             2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



          7.   Development Prospects and Projected Outcomes for Key New Products

               In 2025, the creative R&D team focused on new product initiatives that possessed broad development prospects
               and profound brand value. The new structural products ingeniously reorganized the core strengths of existing
               mature comb designs while incorporating diverse tooth configurations. This integration achieved a comprehensive
               combing functionality and precise coverage of diverse user needs, positioning these products to consolidate and
               expand their leading status in the practical comb market, thus creating a clear matrix advantage for the product
               line.

               The new craftsmanship project deeply integrated intangible cultural heritage with modern design aesthetics, not
               only creating a unique high-value product line but also significantly strengthening the brand’s cultural depth and
               craftsmanship moat. This became a core asset for the brand’s differentiated competitive advantage.

               The application of new materials successfully expanded the high-end accessories market by integrating diverse
               materials such as jade and precious metals. Its refined new Chinese style is expected to attract a broader
               consumer base, breaking traditional category boundaries and driving sustainable growth momentum for the brand.
               Overall, these key new products will simultaneously drive the brand’s development across three dimensions,
               including functional integration, cultural heritage and material innovation, propelling the brand towards a higher
               value segment and deeper cultural level.




     CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
26
     2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     8.   Innovative Research and Development Outlook

           The creative R&D team will systematically advance product innovation and brand upgrading, focusing on
           the core strategies of “premium development, systematic construction and autonomous leadership”. On the
           product side, the team will focus on deeply exploring traditional craftsmanship and cultural empowerment while
           strictly controlling the quality and quantity of new products, aiming to create hit products that combine market
           competitiveness with cultural value. Concurrently, the team will optimize the product structure and material
           application system, enhancing independent R&D capabilities for functionality and style, driving products toward
           a series-based and differentiated developments. On the brand and visual level, the team will comprehensively
           adopt and deepen the application of new brand super symbol, establishing a scenario-based visual system that
           covers all channels. The team will also complete the modular and series-based upgrade of the packaging system,
           strengthening strategic cooperation and efficient conversion of IP resources, thereby comprehensively enhancing
           brand recognition and market influence.

           At the same time, the creative R&D team will establish a regular learning and communication mechanism, deepen
           front-to-back collaboration and encourage designers to engage closely with frontline suppliers. This approach will
           comprehensively enhance the team’s professional competence and practical skills. In terms of creative protection,
           the team will further strengthen the comprehensive management of intellectual property, strictly implementing pre-
           patent reviews and compliance audits to build a solid defense for innovation. This will ensure the originality and
           security of design outcomes, providing robust support for the Company’s long-term sustainable development.

V.   PRODUCTION TECHNOLOGY
     During the Year Under Review, adhering to the principle of “making full use of our human resources, and training
     employees to be diligent and capable”, the production organization team continued to promote cost reduction and
     efficiency enhancement. Through various measures such as promoting multi-skilled roles, fostering factory collaboration,
     facilitating personnel and product adjustments, upgrading equipment to enable multi-category processing on a
     single machine, continuously optimizing processing workflows and improving employees’ production environments,
     we effectively ensured the fulfillment of market orders. While steadily promoting safety stock replenishment, we were
     also able to meet the guaranteed fulfillment of contingency bulk orders and new product orders in a timely manner.
     Throughout the year, 5.8857 million pieces of products were delivered, with 6.13 million pieces shipped in total.

     We continued to promote the improvement of the image, humanities and environment of Wanzhou factory through the
     completion of barrier-free staff dormitory renovation, R&D of barrier-free equipment, and the construction, replacement
     and installation of barrier-free facilities (such as dormitory corridors and passenger elevators in factories). We also
     completed the canteen image renovation, the design of the factory image enhancement plan, etc.




                                                                               CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                27
                                                                                                 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



          The innovation and improvement of process and equipment technology mainly included:

          We completed the quality improvement, renovation and expansion project of B2 coating line, which systematically
          improved and resolved the spraying and coating quality issues and repeated rework problems during product processing
          caused by working environment factors in the original spray booth. Environmental emissions consistently met standards
          with significant improvement, and employees’ working environments were noticeably enhanced.

          By switching to water-based paint, the Company gradually resolved issues of coating delamination and peeling caused
          by insufficient adhesion of lacquer-coating in certain products, which has also improved environmental levels and further
          safeguarded employees’ occupational health.

          The Company fully operated the northern area of the new factory and completed the relocation of the processing
          production line of the material factory, which also led to the completion of the optimization, integration and adjustment of
          some production processes.

          The project of automatic profile milling technology for comb blanks achieved one-time clamping of the comb blank, with
          equipment production efficiency reaching 300 pieces/hour, which has significantly reduced the intensity and difficulty of
          operations for employees. The equipment is now entering mass production.

          The automated polishing technology project for inserted combs completed the improvement and optimization of the
          prototype equipment, fully achieving the goal of reducing the difficulty and intensity of operations for employees. The
          project has now entered the pilot production verification and acceptance phase.

          The wood conditioning technology project completed the parameter testing of process technology for wood boards
          exceeding 22 mm in thickness, and conducted the market verification of the conditioning effect of Guibourtia tooth
          blocks again, achieving the target effect of improving the weathering stability of jointed wood structure products.

          The patina process technology project for wood combs completed the patina process trials for notched and jointed
          wood products made from three premium wood types – black rosewood, baphia wood and red sandalwood, achieving
          the surface patina effect. The project is currently conducting patina process trials on individual components of the baphia
          wood ring combs.

          The natural plant dyeing processing technology project for wooden combs completed pigment extraction from nearly
          30 kinds of natural herbaceous plants and comb dyeing trials. The project has developed five light-toned plant dyed
          products. After approximately one year of comparative color fading verification under natural conditions, the new
          technology has successfully achieved the target effect of significantly slowing down the rate of color fading.




     CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
28
     2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



VI. AFTER-SALES REPAIR
   In 2025, we repaired a total of 283,722 products, representing a year-on-year increase of 15.4% compared to that of
   2024.

   Since the establishment of repair stations, after-sales repair team has been learning from mistakes and summarizing
   experience. Through continuous improvement and refinement of service quality, the team has reduced the amount of
   customer complaints and improved our reputation. The main measures are as follows:

   1.    We address issues at the source. Repair stations inspect repair items upon receipt. If the repair requirements do
         not match the actual product conditions, we shall notify the customers in advance. If the issue is beyond the scope
         of repair, stations shall negotiate with the customer or the specialty store. Problems should be communicated in
         advance and customer opinions should be sought frequently to meet customer needs within the scope of feasible
         repair.

   2.    We strengthen the skill development of employees to maximize repair standards while ensuring that tasks are
         completed. Combs should not only be repaired to a usable condition, but also be handled with minimal damages
         or wear to the product pattern, thereby reducing customer complaints about the appearance after repairs.

   3.    We intensify post-repair inspection efforts. The repair team leader conducts a full inspection of the repaired
         products, with each product undergoing a separate comprehensive inspection. The supervisor conducts a random
         re-inspection of the products before they are returned to the store and the quality inspection administrator of the
         logistics center conducts a sampling inspection on the repaired products every week. Any defective products
         discovered during the random inspection shall be immediately reworked and rectified. Photos and descriptions of
         the reworked products should be shared with the internal work group for all employees of the repair stations to
         learn from, aiming to prevent similar situations from occurring again.

   4.    In 2025, we updated, adjusted and supplemented the list of “Return, Exchange and Repair Service for Specialty
         Stores”, which clearly outlined the specific repair marks that exist during repairs. Through prior public notice,
         customers’ complaints about dissatisfaction with the repair results have been reduced.

   5.    We conduct random inspections of authorized repair stations and provide technical support and other services
         at the same time. Authorized repair stations that receive valid complaints for 2 consecutive months will have their
         authorization revoked.

   There is currently a certain gap between our repair services and customers’ expectations of a perfect repair experience.
   We strive to infuse greater care and attentiveness into our services so that every repair reflects the dedication and
   professionalism of Carpenter Tan, further elevating our after-sales repair work and enhancing the Company’s brand
   image.




                                                                              CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                               29
                                                                                                2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     VII. BRAND BUILDING
          During the Year Under Review, the industry standard for “Comb and Brush”(       《梳篦》    ), revised under the Company’s
          leadership, was officially released, replacing the previous version issued in 2013. This update marks a significant step
          forward for China’s comb and brush industry in terms of product specifications, quality control, and process innovation.

          Organized by the China Brand Building Promotion Federation and the China Appraisal Society, and undertaken by
          units including the Xinhua News Agency Brand Work Office and China Brand magazine, the “2025 China Brand Value
          Evaluation Information” was officially released. Chongqing Carpenter Tan Handicrafts Co., Ltd was honored to be
          included on the list, ranking 38th in the Independent Innovation category. This recognition not only affirms Carpenter
          Tan’s years of dedicated efforts and relentless progress but also powerfully demonstrates its brand value and market
          influence.

          At the “2025 China Gifts Industry Development Forum” successfully held in Hefei, Anhui, six products from Carpenter
          Tan were selected for the “2025-2026 China Gifts Industry Promotion Plan Recommended Product Catalog”.

          At the “2025 China Tourism Commodity Competition” organized by the China Tourism Association and undertaken by
          its Tourism Commodity and Equipment Branch, Carpenter Tan‘s product, the “Customized Gift Box: Impressions of
          Chongqing”(“定制禮盒重慶印象”), was awarded the Silver Prize.

          At the 11th “Purple Gold Award” Cultural Creative Design Competition, Carpenter Tan ‘s “Rhythm of Combs and
          Landscape”(
                    《梳韻山水》      ) series of wooden combs received the Excellence Award in the Cultural and Creative Products
          Comprehensive Competition for their unique cultural connotations and artistic design.

          The Intangible Cultural Heritage Comb Industrial Design Center of Chongqing Carpenter Tan Handicrafts Company
          Limited was rated as a Chongqing Municipal-Level Outstanding Industrial Design Center. Carpenter Tan also stood out
          among numerous outstanding brands and was successfully shortlisted for the “Chongqing Gifts (Yubanli)” Chongqing
          TOP 10 list of Fine Crafts, underscoring the brand’s benchmark status in Chongqing’s local manufacturing and cultural
          creativity sectors.

          During the Year Under Review, the Carpenter Tan “Garden of Combs” pop-up event reopened with a more youthful
          and artistic image, featuring four themed sections that comprehensively presented the Carpenter Tan brand essence:
          the raw wood material display area showcased a selection of Carpenter Tan‘s raw wood materials accompanied by
          explanations of the crafting techniques, allowing visitors to intuitively appreciate the natural gifts and artisan wisdom
          behind “the birth of a wooden comb”; the classic works exhibition area displayed Carpenter Tan‘s most beloved
          comb masterpieces from over the years, including products from the Carpenter Tan Design Competition, co-branded
          products, carved image products, and ceremonial wedding combs, highlighting the brand’s innovative interpretation
          of traditional culture; the comb-making experience area enabled visitors to participate hands-on in the comb-making
          process starting from a small comb blank, allowing them to experience the delicacy and focus of the artisan spirit and
          create a personalized emotional keepsake; and the combing experience area featured professional technicians providing
          combing experiences, conveying the healthy lifestyle concept of “a comb as a gift, soothing both body and mind”, with
          many participants remarking on how “combing can be so relaxing”.




     CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
30
     2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



The event featured emotional message cards and matching packaging centered on the themes of “family love,
friendship, romance, and self-love”, allowing customers to select a theme and imbue their wooden comb with emotional
significance. Over 60% of on-site participants chose the “self-love” card, reflecting contemporary consumers’ emphasis
on self-care. Ms. Gu, who took part in the comb-making experience, remarked: “Making a comb for myself is a reminder
to treat myself well every day”.

From the warm, bustling charm of Changsha, to the springtime romance of Kunming; from the Lingnan allure of
Guangzhou, to the poetic plane trees of Nanjing; from the osmanthus showers of Hangzhou’s Manjuelong, to the first
snow on Shenyang’s Zhongjie Street – with just a single wooden comb, the “Garden of Combs” weaved together the
tender memories of cities.




In October 2025, the “Beauty of Zhepei: 10-Year Achievement Exhibition of the Carpenter Tan Design Competition”
debuted at the Hangzhou Cultural and Creative Expo under the theme “Through Design: Tracing Tradition, Towards the
Future”. The exhibition showcased representative works from the competition’s initial exploration in 2015 to the AI wave
of 2025, allowing visitors to directly experience the evolution of design styles, tools, aesthetics, technologies, as well as
the innovative concepts behind them over the decade.

What the changing times have brought is far more than a diverse array of design works; it reads like a condensed history
of wooden comb design evolution: From early representational symbolism, to the mid-period balance between modern
aesthetics and functional utility, and then to the recent deep integration of design with traditional culture – the conceptual
designs accumulated over this decade have, through the process of 3D prototyping or physical sampling, transformed
from “ideas on paper” into “tangible embodiments of craftsmanship”. Each exhibit reflects the design trends and
innovative directions of its respective era, while also mirroring the public’s escalating demands for everyday objects—
from “utility” to “aesthetics”, and onward to “spiritual resonance”.




                                                                              CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                 31
                                                                                                2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



          The exhibition also specially hosted the “Craft Without Borders, Design in Symbiosis: The Beauty of Zhepei Exchange
          Salon”. Multiple guests shared their unique insights on design, craftsmanship, and cultural heritage, drawing from their
          own practices and reflections. Tommy Li, a renowned brand designer from Hong Kong, proposed that “subtraction
          thinking” is key to brand breakthroughs. Using Carpenter Tan’s brand upgrade – simplifying its Logo, downplaying
          textual identifiers, and focusing on core craftsmanship – as an example, he illustrated that how stripping away redundant
          elements clarifies a brand’s DNA. Wei Jia, Chairman of LKK Innovation Design Group, noted that the after 200 years
          of the industrial era, products today require not only functional value but also emotional value – a pursuit inseparable
          from design and art. In his view, beauty is a life aspiration for everyone, and the outstanding works from the 10-Year
          Carpenter Tan Design Competition Exhibition precisely embody the pursuit of enhancing life’s beauty.

          Design is not only an art form, but also an attitude and a way of life. We hope that more designers, design enthusiasts,
          and members of the community will follow, appreciate, and participate in the Carpenter Tan Design Competition –
          moving forward together, mutually empowering one another, and making friends through a single comb.

          As an important part of Carpenter Tan’s brand culture development, a total of 408 brand stories and 47 outstanding
          stories were collected throughout the year via the “Shu Xiang Lun Tan” mini program. Below are two of these
          outstanding stories:

          Passing More Than Just a Wrapping Paper

          On an ordinary winter day, I looked at the mountain of gift-wrapping orders piled before me, my palms slightly sweating.
          There were far too many exquisite wrapping orders – well beyond what we could handle. It was clear we wouldn’t be
          able to finish them that day. Just then, Tang Yimeng said, “Every order is a promise we make to our loved ones. Why
          not bring them to our workstations and invite the customer service team to wrap together? They’ll be happy to help.”

          “I... I’ve never wrapped such a formal gift before. What if I mess it up?” confessed Xiao Chen, a customer service staff
          member, her voice tinged with unease. Tang Yimeng smiled and pulled over a chair: “You’re being very honest. Come
          on, don’t worry, I’ll teach you. You see, our wrapping has never been just about packaging – it’s about delivering the
          first ‘touch’. When we treat our customers like family, they will feel our sincerity.” Then Tang Yimeng patiently taught Xiao
          Chen how to fold the sharpest edges without damaging the paper. As she demonstrated, she said, “See, gently guide
          it with your fingers like this. Don’t press too hard. Paper has a life too. It can feel your gentleness.” Chen Xi also showed
          how to tie the ribbon into a beautiful bow: “My mother taught me this. She said every knot is a blessing – the more
          attentively you tie it, the longer the blessing lasts.” She then held colleague Xiao Song’s hands and guided her through
          the process, letting her slowly feel the ribbon flow between her fingertips. The others watched and learned attentively.
          Operations and customer service staff joined in, juggling their tasks while finding time to complete the wrapping.
          Techniques were passed from one person to the next; wrapping paper was handed from hand to hand. After an
          afternoon of working together as a team of over a dozen people, we finally wrapped all the gifts for the day. We believe
          that when customers receive the products, they will also feel this genuine emotion.

          In the warm family of Carpenter Tan, we don’t just package goods – we wrap heartfelt intention and emotion; we
          don’t merely deliver merchandise – we convey warmth and service. Here, the most beautiful sight is not the dazzling
          transaction figures dancing across the back-office data screens, but rather the sight of one person guiding another,
          one pair of hands teaching another, showing how ordinary work can be transformed into a touch of care; how a simple
          knot can be tied into a blessing that can be passed on to our dear family members. A daily routine – ordinary yet warm,
          simple yet profound – through every act of teaching by word and example, craftsmanship and kindness spread like
          wood grain, flowing like spring water. (E-commerce Division: Wan Chen)




     CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
32
     2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



   Honesty

   In late July, eight deaf-mute employees from Workshop A1 of the Wanzhou Factory went to Fushide Fat Hot Pot for a
   group meal. After finishing their meal, Qin Yong went to pay the bill. During this time, they chatted with the restaurant
   owner for about half an hour before Qin Yong settled the payment and joined everyone at Wanda Plaza.

   Since they always split the bill evenly, when Qin Yong was collecting money from his colleagues, he realized that the
   RMB670 payment hadn’t gone through. He immediately rushed back to the hot pot restaurant, found the owner, and
   explained that they hadn’t successfully paid after dinning. At first, the owner was skeptical, but after checking, he
   confirmed that the payment had indeed failed. Seeing the deaf-mute employees wearing Carpenter Tan work uniforms,
   the owner was deeply moved. That evening, after closing, he posted a special thank-you video on his video channel,
   explicitly stating that all Carpenter Tan employees dining at his restaurant would receive a 12% discount going forward.
   (Wanzhou Factory: Fu Qiaoying)

VIII. HUMAN RESOURCES AND COMPREHENSIVE GOVERNANCE
   Adhering to the governance philosophy of “Being honest and kind, encouraging innovation, allowing trial and error,
   embracing tolerance but not indulgence and not permitting repeated basic mistakes”, the Company promptly identifies,
   points out, and punishes inappropriate thoughts and behaviors. Whether they are internal violations of job evaluation
   rules, production safety requirements and codes of conduct, or problems such as the lack of service philosophy in
   specialty stores, inadequate services and unauthorized online sales with discounts, the Company has addressed these
   matters through formal talks, admonishing and public announcements. In 2025, the Company internally investigated
   and issued public criticisms across 6 cases involving a total of 13 individuals in 5 departments for issues including
   inadequate “6S” implementation, plagiarism in job evaluations and improper handling of public opinions, while issuing
   public commendations to 4 departments.

   For the behaviors of specialty stores in Guangzhou and Yiwu that lacked empathy, failed to provide warm customer
   service, violated the service philosophy of “customers are our family”, and harmed customers and the brand, the
   Company imposed penalties such as deduction of credit deposits and store closures. The Company imposed
   categorized disciplinary actions and made public announcements in respect of five franchisees in Chengdu, Shanghai,
   Nanchang, Wuhan and Loudi for violations such as unauthorized online sales and price discounts. Penalties included
   deductions of credit deposits, store closures upon contract expiry and fines. The Company will continue to refine the
   management contracts for its franchise system and intensify penalty efforts. For cases with malicious nature where
   a single franchise store provides poor service, breaches contract terms, or commits serious violations of regulations,
   the Company will establish a categorized disciplinary protocol for handling such cases, including investigation and
   punishment of single stores, rectification within a specified time limit, closure of single stores, and withdrawal from the
   franchise system, which ensures that the franchise system complies with regulations and operates in a healthy manner
   and prevents the Company from unexpected risks. At the same time, the Company will also improve the primary
   accountability mechanism for regional managers and franchise owners, ensuring full compliance with the Company’s
   service standards all the way to the last mile at stores.




                                                                               CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                 33
                                                                                                 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



          The Company has always upheld the core values of “honesty, hard work and happiness”, and adhered to the ethical
          standards of “kindness, humility and craftsmanship”. To deeply implement the “Twelve Principles of Work”, through
          collecting themed short stories on “honesty, principles, responsibility, customers as our family” and other topics, the
          Company brought to light both our successes and shortcomings in work and daily life, as well as the conflicts and
          resonances between personal beliefs and the Company culture. Throughout the year, we collected a total of 408 short
          stories, of which 47 were selected as outstanding. These stories ranged from “Passing More Than Just a Wrapping
          Paper”, where e-commerce colleagues worried about customers’ dissatisfaction, to “Honesty”, which is about a deaf-
          mute employee who, upon discovering the failure of a group-meal payment, went back to complete it as well as
          “We Take Customer Repairs Seriously”, which illustrates our commitment to quality assurance in after-sales repairs.
          By presenting these short stories of brand culture, we aim to reveal a broader picture – reflecting various aspects of
          employees and the Company. This initiative promptly evokes resonance, draws attention to and corrects deviations, and
          promotes positive energy, striving to guide both employees and the Company towards an upward and virtuous direction.
          Building a clean and upright corporate culture is always an ongoing journey for us.

          We promoted employee engagement with the Company, encouraging them to offer suggestions for the Company’s
          development. As key measures to propel the Company towards higher and better achievements, we continued
          to advance initiatives that motivate employees at all levels to submit rational improvement suggestions and foster
          autonomous changes and innovations. In 2025, we received a total of 1,061 rational improvement suggestions, of which
          328 were adopted, achieving an adoption rate of 30.91%. A total of 19 Change and Innovation Awards, 4 Change
          and Innovation Star Awards, 5 President’s Awards, and 1 Technical Progress Star Award were presented. These
          suggestions included optimization adjustments to the sizes and specifications of small-size packaging bags and two
          types of car accessory tote bags proposed by specialty stores, with these simple and practical changes eliminating
          inventory backlog and reducing overall costs. Additionally, employees from the Wanzhou factory proposed replacing
          screw-fixed cutting molds with bushing-adjustable positioning, lowering boiler steam pressure to prevent excessive
          heat from affecting material drying quality, restoring hang-tag notices about product weak points, etc., which effectively
          improved production efficiency and processing quality. These all are excellent suggestions demonstrating how a small
          idea can bring about significant improvements. The independent development of electronic contracts and an intelligent
          finance and tax collaboration platform, and the revision and release of industry standards effectively advanced the
          Company’s management optimization, efficiency enhancement, risk prevention, brand elevation, and commitment
          to training employees to be diligent and capable. By changing the log sawing method and implementing precision
          processing, the material utilization rate increased by over 15%, achieving cost reduction and resource conservation,
          which is truly remarkable.

          We continued to intensify efforts to regulate the market and protect rights, ensuring the sustainable and healthy
          development of the retail market and franchise system. Throughout the year, the Company collected 60 cases of
          violations and illegal acts, with evidence gathered and preserved for 60 cases. In 2025, 39 cases filed before 2025
          proceeded to claim resolution, with an awarded compensation of RMB594,600. As the Company intensifies its internal
          and external market rectification efforts, while ensuring compliant, honest and lawful operation of the offline franchise
          system, the Company will continue to escalate crackdowns on illegal online sales, sale of counterfeit, shoddy products
          as well as trademark-infringing white-label products, rigorously enforcing the principle of “swatting both tigers and flies”
          in order to further safeguard the market operating environment and brand reputation.




     CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
34
     2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



The Company has remained committed to promoting and safeguarding the employment of the disabled, constantly
improved and enhanced the conditions of venues and facilities for the rehabilitation of the disabled, and further improved
the barrier-free production and living facilities in a more people-oriented and humane manner, so that more people
with disabilities could come to the Company, fully demonstrating the Company’s humane care and commitment to
social responsibility. During the Year Under Review, the Company completed the construction of barrier-free facilities
throughout the new factory, and basically completed the improvement of barrier-free passages in the dormitory of the
old factory and the enhancement of the special operation equipment for employees in wheelchairs. The Company also
completed the retrofit of the factory elevators for passenger use and the design plan for human-centered improvement in
the factory. Throughout the year, compared with the end of 2024, there were 30 new employees with disabilities and 13
retired persons with disabilities, resulting in a net increase of 17 persons with disabilities in employment. Currently, the
number of disabled employees is 375 (including 12 employees rehired after retirement), and more than 70 employees
with disabilities retired from the Company now enjoy secure and pension-supported retirements.

While advancing in process technology R&D and product development, the Company has also achieved substantial
intellectual property results. The Company currently holds 134 effective patents, including 18 invention patents, 48 utility
model patents and 68 design patents. The Company has simultaneously strengthened design copyright registration and
protection, with 55 copyrights in total, 44 of which were newly added in 2025. The Intangible Cultural Heritage Comb
Industrial Design Center of the Company was designated as a Chongqing Municipal-Level Outstanding Industrial Design
Center by the Chongqing Economic and Information Commission. The Company won the first place in “Chongqing Gifts
(Yubanli)” of Chongqing Fine Crafts, evaluated by the Chongqing Municipal Commission of Commerce. The Company
was listed on the 2025 Brand Value List of Independent Innovation rated by the China Council for Brand Development.
In October 2025, the Company received the “China Good Gift” brand honor from the China Council for the Promotion of
International Trade.

In respect of trademark management, the Company held total of 768 valid trademarks. Among them, Carpenter Tan
(including Chong Tan (重譚) and Xiang Tan (香譚)) owned 384 registered trademarks in China, as well as 131 registered
trademarks in Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan and overseas. Mujianggu (木匠谷) owned 233 registered trademarks in China
and 20 registered trademarks in Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan and overseas. In 2025, 4 new trademarks were registered
and 68 trademarks were renewed.

After ten years of right protection for the office building of the Company’s Jurong Management Center, the final result
was a great disappointment to the Company. The Company will continue to defend its rights, fight to the end and strive
to mitigate losses through means such as appeals, petitions, media outreach and seeking government support. Yet
more crucially, we must engage in profound reflection and thorough self-examination. Only by strengthening foundational
management, strictly adhering to internal control systems, fulfilling our functions and responsibilities, and solidifying the
Company’s foundations, can we effectively prevent both foreseeable and unforeseeable operational risks.




                                                                              CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                35
                                                                                                2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     FINANCIAL REVIEW
     1.   Revenue
          The Group recorded a revenue of approximately RMB558,223,000 for the year ended 31 December 2025, representing
          an increase of approximately RMB52,787,000 or 10.4% as compared to that of approximately RMB505,436,000 for
          the year ended 31 December 2024. The increase was mainly due to the gradual recovery of market demand during
          the Year Under Review as compared to the year ended 31 December 2024. The revenue of offline business amounted
          to approximately RMB323,983,000, representing an increase of approximately RMB33,822,000 or 11.7% against last
          year of approximately RMB290,161,000. The revenue of online business amounted to approximately RMB228,738,000,
          representing an increase of approximately RMB19,102,000 or 9.1% against last year of approximately RMB209,636,000.
          The revenue of directly-operated outlets amounted to approximately RMB4,790,000, representing an increase of
          approximately RMB330,000 or 7.4% against last year of approximately RMB4,460,000. As at 31 December 2025,
          the Group had 1,307 franchised stores and 5 directly-operated outlets, respectively, while as at 31 December 2024,
          the Group had 1,250 franchised stores and 4 directly-operated outlets, respectively. The franchise fee income was
          approximately RMB712,000, which represents a decrease of approximately RMB467,000 or 39.6% when compared to
          that of approximately RMB1,179,000 of last year.

                                                                         For the year ended 31 December
                                                                      2025                           2024
                                                                RMB’000               %        RMB’000                  %

          Revenue
            – Combs                                                39,390                      7.1    38,221          7.6
            – Mirrors                                                 451                      0.1       505          0.1
            – Box sets                                            513,013                     91.9   462,552         91.5
            – Other accessories*                                    4,657                      0.8     2,979          0.6
          Franchise fee income                                        712                      0.1     1,179          0.2

          Total                                                   558,223                    100.0   505,436        100.0


          * Other accessories include hair decoration, bracelet and small home accessories




     CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
36
     2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



2.   Cost of sales
     The cost of sales of the Group was approximately RMB212,921,000 for the year ended 31 December 2025, representing
     an increase of approximately RMB12,687,000 or 6.3% as compared to that of approximately RMB200,234,000 for
     the year ended 31 December 2024. The increase in cost of sales was in line with the increase in sales volume and the
     change in sales mix for the Year Under Review.

3.   Gross profit and gross profit margin
     For the year ended 31 December 2025, the gross profit of the Group was approximately RMB345,302,000, representing
     an increase of approximately RMB40,100,000 or 13.1% as compared to that of approximately RMB305,202,000 for the
     year ended 31 December 2024. The gross profit margin increased from 60.4% in 2024 to 61.9% in 2025. The increase
     in gross profit margin was mainly due to the change in sales mix of our Group for the Year Under Review.

4.   Other income and other net gain
     Other income and other net gain was approximately RMB45,045,000 for the year ended 31 December 2025,
     representing an increase of approximately RMB2,589,000 or 6.1% as compared to the gain of approximately
     RMB42,456,000 for the year ended 31 December 2024. Other income and other net gain was mainly comprised of
     PRC VAT refunds of approximately RMB30,898,000, rental income of approximately RMB2,899,000, interest income
     of approximately RMB7,725,000, and change in fair value of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss of
     approximately RMB669,000, respectively (2024: PRC VAT refunds of approximately RMB28,904,000, rental income of
     approximately RMB4,743,000, interest income of approximately RMB11,757,000, and change in fair value of financial
     assets at fair value through profit or loss of approximately RMB816,000, respectively).

5.   Selling and distribution expenses
     The selling and distribution expenses of the Group amounted to approximately RMB96,945,000 for the year ended
     31 December 2025, representing an increase of approximately RMB11,321,000 or 13.2% as compared to that of
     approximately RMB85,624,000 for the year ended 31 December 2024. The selling and distribution expenses mainly
     included advertising and promotion expenses of approximately RMB30,714,000, delivery charges of approximately
     RMB11,372,000, depreciation of right-of-use assets of approximately RMB2,647,000, salaries and allowances of
     approximately RMB18,508,000 and travelling expenses of approximately RMB2,844,000, respectively (2024: advertising
     and promotion expenses of approximately RMB28,231,000, delivery charges of approximately RMB10,764,000,
     depreciation of right-of-use assets of approximately RMB2,978,000, salaries and allowances of approximately
     RMB15,943,000 and travelling expenses of approximately RMB2,686,000, respectively).




                                                                             CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                            37
                                                                                               2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     6.   Administrative expenses
          The administrative expenses of the Group were approximately RMB45,432,000 for the year ended 31 December
          2025, representing an increase of approximately RMB3,581,000 or 8.6% as compared to that of approximately
          RMB41,851,000 for the year ended 31 December 2024. The administrative expenses were mainly comprised of
          salaries and allowances of approximately RMB27,001,000, legal and professional fee of approximately RMB1,288,000,
          design and sample expenses of approximately RMB1,875,000, consultancy fee of approximately RMB334,000 and
          audit and review fee of approximately RMB956,000, respectively (2024: salaries and allowances of approximately
          RMB24,050,000, legal and professional fee of approximately RMB3,066,000, design and sample expenses of
          approximately RMB939,000, consultancy fee of approximately RMB364,000 and audit and review fee of approximately
          RMB969,000, respectively).

     7.   Other operating expenses
          Other operating expenses of the Group were approximately RMB30,820,000 for the year ended 31 December
          2025, representing an increase of approximately RMB24,182,000 or 364.3% as compared to that of approximately
          RMB6,638,000 for the year ended 31 December 2024. The increase for the Year Under Review was mainly due to the
          loss on derecognition of property, plant and equipment.

     8.   Finance costs
          The finance costs of the Group were approximately RMB664,000 for the year ended 31 December 2025, representing
          an increase of approximately RMB53,000 or 8.7% as compared to that of approximately RMB611,000 for the year
          ended 31 December 2024. The finance costs were interest on lease liabilities.

     9.   Income tax
          For the year ended 31 December 2025, the income tax expenses of the Group amounted to approximately
          RMB45,459,000, representing an increase of approximately RMB4,004,000 or 9.7% when compared to that of
          approximately RMB41,455,000 for the year ended 31 December 2024. The increase was mainly due to the fact that the
          loss on derecognition of property, plant and equipment in the other operating expenses was not tax deductable during
          the Year Under Review. The details are set out in Note 8(A) to the Financial Statements in this report.

          The effective tax rate for the Year Under Review was 21.0% as compared to 19.5% for the year ended 31 December
          2024.

     10. Profit for the year
          As a result of the foregoing, the profit for the year ended 31 December 2025 was approximately RMB171,027,000,
          representing a decrease of approximately RMB452,000 or 0.3% as compared to that of approximately RMB171,479,000
          for the year ended 31 December 2024. The decrease was mainly due to the increase in other operating expenses for the
          Year Under Review.




     CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
38
     2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



11. Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company
     The profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2025 was approximately
     RMB171,027,000, representing a decrease of approximately RMB339,000 or 0.2% as compared to that of
     approximately RMB171,366,000 for the year ended 31 December 2024.

ANALYSIS OF MAJOR CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL
POSITION ITEMS
1.   Property, plant and equipment
     The Group’s property, plant and equipment consists of buildings, leasehold improvements, plant and machinery,
     furniture and equipment, motor vehicles and construction in progress. As at 31 December 2025, the book value of
     property, plant and equipment of the Group amounted to approximately RMB120,650,000, representing a decrease of
     approximately RMB11,705,000 or 8.8% as compared with the previous year of approximately RMB132,355,000. The
     decrease was mainly attributable to the loss on derecognition of a property in Jurong, Jiangsu for the year ended 31
     December 2025. The details are set out in Note 14(A) to the Financial Statements in this report.

2.   Inventories
     The Group’s inventories increased by approximately RMB16,058,000 or 5.5% from approximately RMB292,498,000
     as at 31 December 2024 to approximately RMB308,556,000 as at 31 December 2025, primarily due to the increase
     in finished goods. Finished goods increased by approximately RMB7,346,000 or 19.6% from approximately
     RMB37,480,000 in last year to approximately RMB44,826,000 in this year. The details are set out in Note 18 to the
     Financial Statements in this report.

3.   Trade receivables
     Generally, franchisees are required to settle the payments for the products prior to delivery. The Group’s trade
     receivables consist of credit sales of products to be paid by some of the Group’s franchisees who had better sales
     performance. As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s trade receivables amounted to approximately RMB7,733,000
     which increased by approximately RMB580,000 or 8.1% as compared to that of approximately RMB7,153,000 as at 31
     December 2024. The ageing analysis of trade receivables is set out in Note 19 to the Financial Statements in this report.

4.   Other receivables, deposits and prepayments
     The Group’s other receivables, deposits and prepayments (non-current plus current portion) increased by approximately
     RMB29,881,000 or 264.9% from approximately RMB11,280,000 as at 31 December 2024 to approximately
     RMB41,161,000 as at 31 December 2025. The increase in other receivables, deposits and prepayments was mainly due
     to an increase in prepayments when compared to that of last year. The details are set out in Note 20 to the Financial
     Statements in this report.




                                                                                CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                 39
                                                                                                  2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     5.    Trade payables
           As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s trade payables amounted to approximately RMB12,099,000 which increased by
           approximately RMB2,592,000 or 27.3% as compared to that of approximately RMB9,507,000 as at 31 December 2024.
           The credit terms granted by the suppliers are generally 30 days. The ageing analysis of trade payables is set out in Note
           24 to the Financial Statements in this report.

     6.    Other payables and accruals
           The balance of other payables and accruals consists of dividend payables, other payables, accruals, trade deposits
           received, provision for sales return, VAT and other non-income tax payables and contract liabilities. The Group’s other
           payables and accruals increased by approximately RMB11,841,000 or 24.8% from approximately RMB47,798,000 as
           at 31 December 2024 to approximately RMB59,639,000 as at 31 December 2025. The increase in other payables and
           accruals was primarily due to an increase in salary payable during the Year Under Review. The details are set out in Note
           25 to the Financial Statements in this report.

     CASH FLOWS
     The Group’s cash is primarily used to meet its working capital requirement, repay the principal and interest of its indebtedness
     falling due (if any) and finance the capital expenditures and growth of the Group’s operations.

     During the Year Under Review, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents increased by approximately RMB38,025,000, which
     mainly comprised the net cash inflow generated from operating activities with the amount of approximately RMB177,450,000,
     net cash outflow used in investing activities with the amount of approximately RMB40,954,000, net cash outflow used in
     financing activities with the amount of approximately RMB103,441,000 and the net foreign exchange gain of approximately
     RMB4,970,000. Details of cash flows of the Group are set out on pages 80 and 81 of the Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
     in this report.

     CAPITAL STRUCTURE
     1.    Indebtedness
           As at 31 December 2025, the Group did not have any interest-bearing bank borrowings (31 December 2024: RMB nil).

     2.    Gearing ratio
           As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group did not have any interest-bearing bank borrowings. The calculation of
           gearing ratio is not meaningful.

     3.    Pledge of assets
           As at 31 December 2025, the Group did not have any pledged assets to the bank (31 December 2024: RMB nil).




     CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
40
     2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



4.    Capital expenditure
      The capital expenditures of the Group primarily included purchases of plant and equipment, furniture and fixtures,
      construction in progress and motor vehicles. The Group’s capital expenditures amounted to approximately
      RMB18,775,000 and approximately RMB33,081,000 for the year ended 31 December 2025 and the year ended 31
      December 2024, respectively.


LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
The Group has met its working capital needs mainly through cash generated from operations and various long and short-term
bank borrowings. For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group did not have any bank borrowings. The disclosure of
effective interest rates for variable rate loans is not applicable.

Taking into account the cash flow generated from operation and the bank borrowing facilities available to the Group, the
directors of the Company are of the view that the Group has sufficient working capital to meet its current liquidity demand and
the liquidity demand within at least the next twelve months from the date of this report.

As at 31 December 2025, the Group had cash and bank balances of approximately RMB79,739,000 (31 December 2024:
approximately RMB41,714,000), which was mainly generated from operations of the Group.


CAPITAL COMMITMENT
As at 31 December 2025, the Group had capital commitment amounting to approximately RMB21,396,000 (31 December
2024: approximately RMB20,718,000).


MATERIAL ACQUISITION AND DISPOSAL BY THE GROUP
For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group had not made any material acquisition and disposal.

FUTURE OUTLOOK
KEY FOCUS AREAS FOR 2026
1.    Strictly implement the 2026-2028 Development Outline and effectively carry out all key tasks related to the breakdown
      and assignment of 2026 strategic targets from the Company level to departments.

2.    Protect the property rights for the office building of the Company’s Management Center – continue to defend our rights,
      fight to the end and strive to mitigate losses through means such as appeals, petitions, media outreach and seeking
      government support.

3.    While establishing and operating the Beijing flagship store, actively explore and continuously adjust plans to open
      flagship stores in Shanghai, Guangzhou, or Shenzhen.




                                                                                 CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                  41
                                                                                                   2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     4.   Expand into prime locations in commercial districts and shopping malls and continuously implement policy support
          for converting and upgrading side counters, display cabinets and island displays into independent stores; offer policy
          support to encourage the opening of large and high-quality stores exceeding 50 square meters in ultra-first-tier and new-
          first-tier cities; deeply advance customer relationship maintenance of combing experience and after-sales repair services;
          sustain brand-building, accumulation and promotion activities such as “Garden of Combs”, design competitions,
          woodcraft exhibitions and intangible cultural heritage preservation initiatives.

     5.   Resolutely safeguard market order and rectify violations. Adhere to a long-term brand-centric strategy – never
          conducting price-based marketing, never engaging in price wars, never offering discounts, never compromising quality,
          and never taking the initiative to participate in any disguised price-based marketing activities while ensuring prompt
          withdrawal, removal, or penalties if encountered; establish a fair market expansion mechanism, break down territorialism,
          never protect the laggards, achieve optimal balance, healthy competition and harmonious development; maintain simple,
          clean, transparent, close, warm and principled cooperative relationships, adhere to professional ethics agreements,
          purify the market environment, establish a healthy franchise system and achieve sustainable development. The Company
          maintains a firm stance on rectification – whether it involves external infringement or violations within the franchise
          system, the Company will show no leniency, rigorously enforcing the principle of “swatting both tigers and flies”.

     6.   Accelerate the implementation of various improvement suggestions, changes and innovations, and technological
          advancements. Enhance both the quantity and quality of rational suggestions and encourage all innovation efforts,
          while delving this work with greater depth, thoroughness and effectiveness. Strictly follow the new three-year outline for
          process technology development and improvement to advance process technology development and enhancement
          work. Continuously implement standardized management of dust-free work environments for product spraying
          processes and eliminate outdated traditional operational habits to fundamentally solve quality and efficiency problems
          caused by paint particles and dust that lead to repeated rework.

     7.   Build a low-carbon, environmental-friendly and energy-efficient green factory. Implement environmental protection
          measures and meet Class B emission standards to ensure the production of orders is not subject to strict shutdown
          restrictions under environmental regulations, thereby securing order supply.

     8.   Continuously improve and enhance the employment and the barrier-free production and living facilities for the disabled.
          Launch a pilot initiative to improve the brand image and humanistic care in the existing plants at the Wanzhou factory;
          plan and construct the Carpenter Tan Museum to provide foundational support conditions for the government-led
          industrial tourism.

     9.   Carpenter Tan Holdings Limited has successfully re-domiciled from Cayman Islands, UK to Hong Kong, China, and is
          striving to obtain a Hong Kong corporate resident status in 2026.




     CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
42
     2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



HUMAN RESOURCES AND TRAINING
We believe that our long-term growth depends on the expertise and experience of our employees. We primarily recruit our
personnel through campus recruiting, career fairs, recruitment websites and internal recommendation. We provide regular
training programs to our employees, including, among others, introductory training, safety training and technical training,
to enhance their skills and knowledge. As at 31 December 2025, the Group had a total of 1,029 employees (2024: 989
employees), and total staff cost for the Year Under Review amounted to approximately RMB119,856,000 (2024: approximately
RMB107,047,000).

The salaries of our employees depend mainly on their position, nature of work and results of their annual performance
evaluation. For employees of our PRC subsidiary, we made contributions to social insurance funds, including pension, medical,
unemployment, maternity and occupational injury insurance, and housing provident funds for our employees in accordance
with applicable PRC laws and regulations. We have established a labour union that aims to protect our employees’ legal rights,
assist us in attaining our economic objectives and encourage employees to participate in management decisions.

DIVIDENDS
Final dividend
To extend the Company’s gratitude for the support of our Shareholders, the Board has recommended the distribution of a
final dividend of HK38.31 cents per share for the year ended 31 December 2025 to the Shareholders whose names appear on
the register of members of the Company on Monday, 8 June 2026, amounting to approximately HK$95,282,000 (equivalent
to approximately RMB85,657,000) in total, subject to the approval of the Shareholders at the Company’s forthcoming annual
general meeting to be held on Friday, 22 May 2026. The dividend payout ratio is 50.0% of the profit for the year attributable to
owners of the Company.

There is no arrangement under which a Shareholder has waived or agreed to waive any dividends. The above-mentioned final
dividend is expected to be paid on or before Tuesday, 30 June 2026.




                                                                                  CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                   43
                                                                                                    2025 ANNUAL REPORT
     BIOGRAPHY OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


     DIRECTORS
     Executive Directors
     Mr. Tan Chuan Hua (譚傳華), aged 68, is an executive Director, the co-founder of the Group and the chairman of the Group.
     He is responsible for the overall strategic planning, formulation of the corporate policies, the corporate development and also
     the day-to-day management of the Group. Mr. Tan has over 26 years of experience in the industry of manufacturing small size
     wooden handicrafts. Mr. Tan has been appointed as the Chairman of Chong Qing Art and Handicraft Association (重慶工藝
     美術行業協會) since 2004. He has been a member of the Third Political Consultative Conference Chong Qing Committee (重
     慶市第三屆政協委員) since January 2008 and was a member of the Second Political Consultative Conference Chong Qing
     Committee (重慶市第二屆政協委員) from January 2003 to December 2007. Mr. Tan was awarded by the Ministry of Personnel
     (人事部) of the PRC and China Disabled Persons’ Federation (中國殘疾人聯合會) as a Country Self-motivated Model (全國自
     強模範) in 2003. He was also awarded as 2005 China Outstanding Franchise Executive* (2005年中國特許企業優秀管理者) by
     China Chain Store and Franchise Association (中國連鎖經營協會). He is the director of Lead Charm Investments Limited (“Lead
     Charm”), the Company’s controlling shareholder and Global Craft Collection Association (國際手工藝術集藏協會). He is the
     spouse of Ms. Fan Cheng Qin, father of Mr. Tan Di Fu and Mr. Tan Lizi. Mr. Tan was appointed as an executive Director of the
     Company on 20 June 2006.

     Mr. Tan Di Fu (譚棣夫), aged 40, is responsible for assisting the formulation of the business development strategy of the
     Group. He enrolled in Sichuan International Studies University (四川外語學院) in professional English language and literature
     (英語語言文化專業). He joined the Group in 2005 and has worked for various functional departments of the Group to obtain
     basic management training including production and human resources. He was subsequently promoted to the head of Wan
     Zhou Factory in 2007 and is responsible for its day-to-day operational management. Currently he is the General Manager of
     Chongqing Carpenter Tan Handicrafts Company Limited and is responsible for the day-to-day management of the Company.
     Mr. Tan Di Fu is the son of Mr. Tan Chuan Hua, the Chairman and an executive Director of the Company, and Ms. Fan Cheng
     Qin, the elder brother of Mr. Tan Lizi. Mr. Tan was appointed as an executive Director of the Company on 18 August 2010.

     Mr. Luo Hongping (羅洪平), aged 59, at present is the chief executive officer of the Group. Mr. Luo joined the Group in July
     2003, and is responsible for human resources and administration, risk management, finance and accounting, product design,
     technological research and development, company culture, production, storage and logistic and construction. He has been
     the factory manager of the Wanzhou factory of the Group and the head of the technical center of the Group. Mr. Luo held a
     bachelor degree in engineering management. Before joining the Group, he had been the deputy factory manager of Sichuan
     Huaxi Silk Factory* (四川華西絲綢總廠) for over ten years where he gained experience in production management, and the
     deputy general manager of Chongqing Longbao Radio and Television Co., Ltd.* (重慶龍寶廣電有限公司) for four years where
     he gained experience in sales of electrical appliances. Mr. Luo was appointed as an executive Director and chief executive
     officer of the Company on 1 February 2023. Upon the appointment as an executive Director and chief executive officer of the
     Company, Mr. Luo will continue to serve as the administration controller of the Group.

     Mr. Tan Lizi (譚力子), aged 36, is the vice-Chairman of the Group. Mr. Tan is the son of Mr. Tan Chuan Hua, the Chairman,
     an executive Director and a substantial shareholder of the Company, and Ms. Fan Cheng Qin, a substantial shareholder of
     the Company and the quality controller of the Group and the younger brother of Mr. Tan Di Fu, an executive Director. Mr.
     Tan joined the Group in September 2012, was appointed as an executive Director on 15 September 2017 and as the chief
     executive officer of the Company on 1 January 2019, and resigned as an executive Director and the chief executive officer of
     the Company on 1 May 2022. Mr. Tan was re-appointed as an executive Director of the Company on 1 February 2025.

     Ms. Liu Kejia (劉珂佳), aged 42, is the deputy chief executive officer and sales controller of the Group. Ms. Liu joined the
     Group in October 2009 and is responsible for the sales management and business development of the Group. Ms. Liu held a
     bachelor degree in business administration awarded by Chongqing University of Posts and Telecommunications (重慶郵電大學)
     and was engaged in the project management of Singapore Certis CISCO before joining the Group. Ms. Liu was appointed as
     an executive Director of the Company on 1 February 2025.



     CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
44
     2025 ANNUAL REPORT
           BIOGRAPHY OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



Independent non-executive Directors
Mr. Chau Kam Wing, Donald (周錦榮), aged 63, has over 33 years of experience in auditing, taxation and financial
management and had been appointed as financial controller of a number of companies listed in Hong Kong. Mr. Chau
obtained a master degree in business administration from the University of San Francisco, US in 2000. He is a fellow member
of The Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and a practicing member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants. Mr. Chau is currently the finance director of Winox Holdings Limited (Stock Code: 6838) and he is also an
independent non-executive director of China Water Affairs Group Limited (Stock Code: 0855), Ching Lee Holdings Limited
(Stock Code: 3728) and Kangda International Environmental Company Limited (Stock Code: 6136), respectively, these four
companies are listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (“HKEx”). He is also an independent non-executive
director of Eco-Tek Holdings Limited (Stock Code: 8169) which is listed on the Growth Enterprise Market of the HKEx. Mr.
Chau was an independent non-executive director of Zhejiang Chang’an Renheng Technology Co., Ltd. (Stock Code: 8139),
which is listed on the Growth Enterprise Market of the Stock Exchange, from May 2014 to May 2019. Mr. Chau has been
appointed as an independent non-executive Director of the Company since 17 November 2009.

Ms. Liu Liting (劉麗婷), aged 44, has over 21 years of experience in business administration. In 2007, she joined Beijing Puna
PR Consulting Co., Ltd. (北京普納公關顧問有限公司), which is a public relations company in the People’s Republic of China,
and has been the general manager since 2013. Ms. Liu obtained her bachelor’s degree in economics from the Harbin Institute
of Technology (哈爾濱工業大學) in May 2004 and her master’s degree in arts from the University of Sunderland in England in
November 2006. Ms. Liu was appointed as an independent non-executive Director of the Company on 31 May 2017.

Mr. Yang Tiannan (楊天南), aged 57, has about 34 years of experience in the financial and securities market. Prior to joining
the Company, Mr. Yang served as a manager of the financial and securities department of Beijing Vantone Holdings Co.,
Limited* (北京萬通實業股份有限公司) from January 1993 to August 1999. Subsequently, Mr. Yang served as the associate
vice president of the customer department of Merrill Lynch in California, the United States from September 1999 to December
2001. From March 2002 to August 2005, Mr. Yang served as the investment consultant of Manulife Financial Corporation.
Since September 2007, Mr. Yang has been the chief executive officer of Beijing Golden Stone Asset Management Co., Limited
(北京金石致遠資產管理有限公司). Mr. Yang is currently the visiting professor of College of Management and Economics* (管
理與經濟學院) of Beijing Institute of Technology, Zhongnan University of Economics and Law and Northeast Normal University.
Mr. Yang obtained a Master degree of Business Administration from University of San Diego in the United States in May 2001.
Mr. Yang was appointed as an independent non-executive Director of the Company on 20 June 2022. Mr. Yang resigned as
an independent non-executive Director of the Company on 31 October 2025.

Dr. Wong Kong Tin (黃江天), BBS, JP, aged 58, has over 30 years of practical experience in the fields of cross-border
investment in Greater China, financing, corporate acquisition, merger, listing, real estate project development, E-commerce,
brand management, corporate governance, arbitration mediation, media and public administration.




                                                                               CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                               45
                                                                                                 2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                 BIOGRAPHY OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



     Dr. Wong received his bachelor’s degree and master’s degree in law from Peking University in the People’s Republic of China
     (the “PRC”) in July 1993 and July 1995 respectively. He received his doctor’s degree in constitutional law and administrative
     law from Renmin University of China in the PRC in July 2001 and his postgraduate diploma in English and Hong Kong Law
     from The Manchester Metropolitan University in the United Kingdom. Dr. Wong was admitted as an associate of Chartered
     Institute of Arbitrators in May 2002, an associate of Hong Kong Institute of Arbitrators in August 2002, a registered financial
     planner certified by the Society of Registered Financial Planners in July 2008, a fellow member of the Hong Kong Institute of
     Directors in September 2008 and a founding member of the Hong Kong Independent Non-executive Director Association
     in October 2015. He has served as a panel member of the Solicitors Disciplinary Tribunal in Hong Kong from May 2010 to
     May 2022, the chairman of the Liquor Licensing Board in Hong Kong from January 2018 to December 2023, the chairman of
     the Appeal Panel (Property Management Services) in Hong Kong from August 2020 to November 2022. Dr. Wong has been
     serving as a member of the Advisory Committee on Post-service Employment of Civil Servants of the Government of Hong
     Kong since September 2021, a member of the Citizens Advisory Committee on Community Relations of the Independent
     Commission Against Corruption since January 2022, and the chairman of the Property Management Services Authority since
     December 2022.

     Dr. Wong has been serving as an independent non-executive director of Times Neighborhood Holdings Limited, a company
     listed on the main board of the HKEx, (stock code: 9928) and China Coal Energy Company Limited, a company listed on the
     main board of the HKEx (stock code: 1898). From June 2010 to July 2014, Dr. Wong served as an independent non-executive
     director at Great Wall Technology Company Limited, previously listed on the HKEx (stock code before delisting from the HKEx:
     0074). Dr. Wong was appointed as an independent non-executive Director of the Company on 1 November 2025.


     SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     Ms. Fan Cheng Qin (范成琴) aged 61, is the co-founder and quality controller of the Group. She is responsible for the quality
     control of the Group including supervision of the quality control team of the logistic centre. She has over 22 years’ experience
     in the industry of manufacturing small wooden handicrafts. Ms. Fan is the spouse of Mr. Tan Chuan Hua, the mother of Mr.
     Tan Di Fu and Mr. Tan Lizi.

     Mr. Chan Hon Wan (陳漢雲), aged 65, is the financial controller and company secretary of the Company and joined the
     Group in June 2008. Mr. Chan graduated with a Master Degree in Accountancy from the Hong Kong Polytechnic University
     and a Bachelor Degree in Economics from Macquarie University in Australia. He is currently an associate member of The Hong
     Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (HKICPA), and an associate member of The Institute of Chartered Accountants
     in Australia. He has over 39 years of extensive experience in accounting and finance fields, gaining from one of the “Big-4”
     international accounting firms and various listed corporations. He is responsible for overseeing the Group’s accounting and
     finance matters.

     The emoluments of each of the above senior management of the Group fall within the band of nil to HK$1,000,000. Details
     of the emoluments of each of the above senior management of the Group are set out in Notes 9 and 10 to the Financial
     Statements in this report.

     *     For identification purpose only




     CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
46
     2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Board strives to uphold the principles of corporate governance set out in the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG
Code”) contained in Appendix 14 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
Limited (the “Listing Rules”), and has adopted various measures to enhance the internal control system, the Directors’
continuous professional training and other areas of practice of the Company. While the Board strives to maintain a high level
of corporate governance, it also works hard to create value and achieve maximum return for its Shareholders. The Board will
continue to conduct review and improve the quality of corporate governance practices with reference to local and international
standards.

During the Year Under Review, the Company had complied with the applicable code provisions as set out in the CG Code in
force.

MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set out in Appendix
10 to the Listing Rules (the “Model Code”) as its own code governing securities transactions of the Directors. Each of the
Directors has confirmed his or her compliance with the Model Code during the Year Under Review. The Company has
also adopted written guidelines on no less exacting terms than the Model Code for the relevant employees. The senior
management, who, because of their office in the Company, is likely to be in possession of unpublished inside information, has
been requested to comply with the provisions of the Model Code and the Company’s code of conduct regarding securities
transactions by Directors. No incidence of non-compliance of the employees’ written guidelines by the relevant employees was
noted by the Company during the Year Under Review.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Board is the core of the Company’s corporate governance framework and its role is clearly separated from that of
senior management. The Board is responsible for providing guidance for senior management and maintaining effective
supervision over senior management. Since the day-to-day running of the Company has been delegated by the Board to the
senior management, the senior management is responsible for the implementation of the policies resolved. In general, the
responsibilities of the Board include formulating operation plans and investment proposals of the Company, preparing the
proposed and final annual budgets of the Company, assessing the performance of the Company and overseeing the work of
senior management.

As at 31 December 2025, the Board comprises a total of eight Directors, being five executive Directors and three independent
non-executive Directors. Mr. Tan Chuan Hua, Mr. Tan Di Fu, Mr. Luo Hongping, Mr. Tan Lizi and Ms. Liu Kejia served as
executive Directors; and Dr. Wong Kong Tin, Ms. Liu Liting and Mr. Chau Kam Wing, Donald served as independent non-
executive Directors. These executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors, who have different business and
professional backgrounds, have brought valuable experience and expertise for the enhancement of the best interests of
the Group and its Shareholders. Biographical details of and the relationship between the Directors are set out in the section
headed “Biography of Directors and Senior Management” on pages 44 to 46 of this report.

The Board meets regularly to discuss the overall strategy as well as the operation and financial performance of the Group, and
to review and approve the Group’s annual and interim results. During the Year Under Review, four Board meetings were held
and attendance of each Director at the Board meetings is set out in the paragraph headed “Board Meetings and Individual
Attendance” on page 52 of this report.

All members of the Board fully understand their collective and individual responsibility for the Company’s Shareholders, and will
try their best to carry out their duties to make contributions to the Group’s results.

Throughout the Year Under Review and up to the date of this report, the Company has complied with the requirements
under Rules 3.10(1) and (2) and 3.10A of the Listing Rules and has appointed three Independent non-executive Directors,
representing more than one-third of the number of Directors at the Board, with at least one Independent non-executive
Director possessing the appropriate professional qualifications, or accounting or related financial management expertise.

                                                                                   CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                    47
                                                                                                     2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     Every Director is entitled to have access to Board papers and related materials and has access to the advice and services of
     the Company Secretary. The Board and each Director also have separate and independent access to the Company’s senior
     management.

     Pursuant to article 83(3) of the articles of association of the Company (the “Articles of Association”), the Board shall have
     power to appoint a Director whose appointment shall only be until the first annual general meeting after his/her appointment
     but then be eligible for re-election. Besides, pursuant to article 84(1) of the Articles of Association, one-third of the Directors (or,
     if their number is not a multiple of three, the number nearest to but not less than one third) shall retire from office by rotation at
     each annual general meeting provided that every Director shall be subject to retirement at an annual general meeting at least
     once every three years. Further, any Director appointed by the Board pursuant to article 83(3) shall not be taken into account
     in determining which particular Directors or the number of Directors who are to retire by rotation. Accordingly, Mr. Tan Di Fu,
     Mr. Luo Hongping, Mr. Chau Kam Wing, Donald and Dr. Wong Kong Tin shall retire at the forthcoming annual general meeting
     of the Company. The retiring Directors, all being eligible, offer themselves for re-election.


     BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY
     We have adopted the board diversity policy (the “Board Diversity Policy”) with a view to achieving a sustainable and balanced
     development. Our Board has a balanced composition comprising six Directors, including one female Director and five male
     Directors as at the date of this report. Our Directors aged between late-thirty and mid-sixty as at the date of this report,
     and were from different backgrounds. Our Company sees increasing diversity at the Board level as an essential element in
     supporting the attainment of its strategic objectives and its sustainable development. Selection of candidates of our Directors
     will be based on a range of diversity perspectives, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural, race, educational
     background, professional experience, skills and knowledge. We aim to achieve a balanced composition of our Board by
     ensuring appropriate balance of diversity in various aspects, including gender diversity, so as to enable our Board to discharge
     its duties and responsibilities effectively. The Company will continue to take gender diversity into consideration during
     recruitment and increase the female proportion at all levels over time with the ultimate goal of achieving gender parity, such
     that there is a pipeline of female senior management and potential successors to the Board in the future. The ultimate decision
     will be based on merit and contribution that the selected candidates will bring to the Board. We have appointed a female
     director on the Board on 1 February 2025.

     As at 31 December 2025, the Group employed a total of 1,029 full time employees, the overall gender ratio in the workforce
     for male to female was male 43.7% to female 56.3%.

     In recognition of the importance of board diversity, we will continue to promote diversity of our Company at all levels, including
     at the Board and senior management level, to enhance the effectiveness of our corporate governance. We will continue
     to provide diversified career development opportunities to our staff and engage different training resources for our staff in
     order to develop future candidates for Director and senior management. Our nomination committee is responsible for the
     implementation of the Board Diversity Policy and compliance with relevant codes governing board diversity under the CG
     Code as set forth in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules. Our nomination committee will review the board diversity policy and our
     diversity profile (including gender balance) from time to time to ensure its continued effectiveness.




     CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
48
     2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



BOARD COMMITTEES
The Board has formed three committees, namely the audit committee, the remuneration committee and the nomination
committee, for overseeing particular aspects of the Company’s affairs. All Committees have been formed with specific written
terms of reference in compliance with Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules which deal with their respective authorities and duties.

The Committees’ terms of reference are reviewed and updated regularly to ensure they continue to be at the forefront of best
practice and to ensure due compliance with the most updated rules and regulations. Copies of the terms of reference of the
committees are available on the website of the Stock Exchange and the website of the Company.

Copies of minutes of all meetings and resolutions of the committees, which are kept by the Company Secretary, are circulated
to all Board members and the committees are required to report back to the Board on their decision and recommendations
where appropriate. The procedures and arrangements for a Board meeting have been adopted for the committee meetings so
far as practicable.

Members, duties and responsibilities of the committees are as follows:


AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Company established an audit committee (the “Audit Committee”) on 17 November 2009 with written terms of reference
in compliance with the CG Code. The Audit Committee has three members comprising all the independent non-executive
Directors. Members of the Audit Committee include Ms. Liu Liting, Dr. Wong Kong Tin and Mr. Chau Kam Wing, Donald, in
which Mr. Chau Kam Wing, Donald is the chairman of the Audit Committee.

The duties and responsibilities of the Audit Committee include:

•     provide an independent review of the effectiveness of the financial reporting process and the internal control and risk
      management systems;

•     review and monitor the external auditors’ independence and objectivity, and the effectiveness of the audit process;

•     monitor the integrity of the Company’s financial statements, annual report and accounts;

•     review the Group’s financial and accounting policies and practices; and

•     discuss the risk management and internal control systems with management of the Company to ensure that
      management has performed its duty to have effective systems.

During the Year Under Review, the Audit Committee held two meetings. The attendance record of the committee members at
these meetings are set out in the section headed “Board Meetings and Individual Attendance” on page 52 of this report. The
work performed by the Audit Committee during the Year Under Review included reviewing the audited consolidated financial
statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024, the unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of the
Group for the six months ended 30 June 2025 and the effectiveness of the internal control practices of the Group. The Audit
Committee has also reviewed the audit plan and approach of the external auditor and monitored the progress and results of
the audit regularly.

The Audit Committee also carried out corporate governance functions during the Year Under Review, including developing and
reviewing the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and other duties prescribed under code provision
D.3.1 of the CG Code.




                                                                                 CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                  49
                                                                                                   2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     Pursuant to the meeting of the Audit Committee held on 27 March 2026 attended by all the members of the Audit Committee,
     the Audit Committed has, together with the management of the Company and external independent auditor, reviewed the
     consolidated financial statements and the results announcement for the year ended 31 December 2025, and this 2025
     annual report and accounting principles and practices adopted by the Group for the Year Under Review, and agreed with
     the accounting treatments adopted by the Group, and was of the opinion that the preparation of the financial statements in
     this 2024 annual report complies with the prevailing accounting standards and the requirements under the Listing Rules and
     adequate disclosures have been made.

     REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
     The Company established a remuneration committee (the “Remuneration Committee”) on 17 November 2009 with written
     terms of reference in compliance with the CG Code. The terms of reference were updated on 30 December 2022, in
     accordance with the prevailing provision of the CG Code. The Remuneration Committee currently has three members, namely
     Ms. Liu Liting, Dr. Wong Kong Tin and Mr. Chau Kam Wing, Donald, all of whom are independent non-executive Directors. Mr.
     Chau Kam Wing, Donald is the chairman of the Remuneration Committee.

     The duties and responsibilities of the Remuneration Committee include:

     •     recommend to the Board on the Company’s policy and structure for all remuneration of the Directors and senior
           management and on the establishment of a formal and transparent procedure for developing policy on such
           remuneration;

     •     review and approve performance - based remuneration by reference to corporate goals and objectives;

     •     review and approve compensation arrangements relating to dismissal or removal of the Directors for misconduct; and

     •     consider the granting of share options to the Directors pursuant to any share option scheme adopted by the Company.

     During the Year Under Review, the Remuneration Committee had held two meetings and all the members attended the
     meeting. The Remuneration Committee has considered the policy for the remuneration of Directors, the performance of
     Directors, and the terms of Directors’ service contracts. The Remuneration Committee adopted the approach under Code
     Provision B.1.2(c)(ii) of the CG Code to make recommendation to the Board and review the remuneration packages of the
     individual Directors and senior management of the Company.




     CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
50
     2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



NOMINATION COMMITTEE
The Company established a nomination committee (the “Nomination Committee”) on 28 March 2012 with written terms of
reference, which was amended and adopted by the Board on 29 August 2013 and the contents of which are in compliance
with the provisions of the CG Code. There are three members for the Nomination Committee which includes Ms. Liu Liting,
Dr. Wong Kong Tin and Mr. Chau Kam Wing, Donald who are all Independent Non-executive Directors. The chairman of the
Nomination Committee is Mr. Chau Kam Wing, Donald.

The duties and responsibilities of the Nomination Committee include:

•     formulate nomination policy for consideration of the Board and implement the nomination policy laid down by the Board;

•     consider the selection criteria of Directors, and develop procedures for the sourcing and selection of members of the
      Board to be elected by Shareholders of the Company;

•     identify and nominate candidates to fill causal vacancies of Directors for the Board’s approval;

•     review the structure, size and composition of the Board at least annually, considering inter alia the skills, knowledge
      and length of service, the breadth of expertise of the Board as a whole, and make recommendations on any proposed
      changes to the Board to complement the Company’s corporate strategy;

•     identify individuals suitably qualified to become Board members and select or make recommendations to the Board on
      the selection of individuals nominated for directorships;

•     assess the independence of independent non-executive Directors; and

•     make recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and succession planning for
      Directors, in particular the Chairman, and the chief executive.

The Nomination Committee shall assess whether any vacancy on the Board has been created or is expected on a regular
basis or as required. In the selection and nomination for new Directors, the Nomination Committee identifies the key attributes
that an incoming Director should have, based on attributes of the existing Board and the requirements of the Group. The
Nomination Committee utilizes various methods for identifying potential candidates, including recommendations from the
members of the Board, management, and professional search firms. All potential candidates are evaluated by the Nomination
Committee based on their qualifications. The potential candidates will go through a shortlisting process. Interviews are then set
up with the shortlisted candidates for the Nomination Committee to assess them before a decision is made. New Directors are
appointed by way of a board resolution, after the Nomination Committee has approved their nominations.

To comply with the new provisions in the CG Code on board diversity which became effective on 1 September 2013, the
Nomination Committee has adopted a policy concerning diversity of Board members (the “Board Diversity Policy”), which
is achieved through consideration of a number of factors, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational
background, ethnicity, professional experience, industry experience, skills, knowledge and length of service in related business
areas of the Board members and make recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board to complement the
Company’s corporate strategy. The Nomination Committee will review the Policy on a regular basis and discuss any revisions
that may be required, and recommended any such revisions to the Board for consideration and approval. The Company
considers that the current Board composition is characterised by diversity, whether considered in terms of gender, professional
background, skills and knowledge.




                                                                                   CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                    51
                                                                                                     2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     During the Year Under Review, the Nomination Committee had held two meetings and all the members attended the meetings.

     The work performed by the Nomination Committee during the Year Under Review included reviewing the established policy
     and procedure for the nomination and appointment of new Directors, reviewing the Board Diversity Policy and the measurable
     objectives that the Board has set for implementing such policy and assessing the independence of the Independent Non-
     executive Directors. The Nomination Committee, having reviewed the structure, size, composition and diversity of the Board
     including the gender, age, culture and educational background, professional experience and industry experience of each
     Director vis-a-vis the Group’s business strategy as well as the structure for the rotation of Directors, considered that the
     existing arrangements were appropriate.


     BOARD MEETINGS AND INDIVIDUAL ATTENDANCE
     It is proposed to hold Board meetings at least four times a year regularly. Written notice will be given to Directors at least
     fourteen days before a regular Board meeting. Directors will be given reasonable and practicable notification under relevant
     circumstance for any special Board meeting called.

     Before each Board meeting, the Directors are provided with a detailed agenda and sufficient relevant information, so as to
     enable the Directors to make appropriate decisions in relation to the matters to be discussed therein. All Directors are given an
     opportunity to include matters of their concern in the agenda of the Board meeting. If any Director or any of his/her associate
     has material interests in any resolution of the Board meeting, such Director much abstain from voting and should not be
     counted in the quorum of the meeting.

     Details of the attendance records of Directors on Board meetings and board committee meetings for the year ended 31
     December 2025 are as follows:

                                                                                                                             Annual
                                                            Board of          Audit Remuneration         Nomination         General
     Name of Directors                                      Directors     Committee   Committee          Committee          Meeting

     Executive Directors
     Mr. Tan Chuan Hua (Chairman)                                 4/4               –              –               –             1/1
     Mr. Tan Di Fu                                                4/4               –              –               –             1/1
     Mr. Luo Hongping                                             4/4               –              –               –             1/1
     Mr. Tan Lizi (appointed on 1 February 2025)                  4/4               –              –               –             1/1
     Ms. Liu Kejia (appointed on 1 February 2025)                 4/4               –              –               –             1/1

     Independent Non-Executive Directors
     Mr. Chau Kam Wing, Donald                                    4/4             2/2            2/2             2/2             1/1
     Ms. Liu Liting                                               4/4             2/2            2/2             2/2             1/1
     Mr. Yang Tiannan (resigned on 31 October 2025)               3/4             2/2            2/2             2/2             1/1
     Dr. Wong Kong Tin (appointed on 1 November 2025)             1/4               –              –               –               –

     Subsequent to the year ended 31 December 2025 and up to the date of this report, the Board held another Board meeting in
     March 2026 for the main purpose of approving the annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 and this
     annual report for publication and formulating business development strategies. All Directors attended such meeting.




     CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
52
     2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



TRAINING AND SUPPORT OF DIRECTORS
Upon the appointment as a Directors of the Company, all Directors have been given relevant guideline materials regarding the
duties and responsibilities of being a Director, the relevant laws and regulations applicable to the Directors, duty of disclosure
of interest and business of the Group. All Directors have been updated on the latest developments regarding the main board
listing rules and other applicable regulatory requirement to ensure compliance and enhance their awareness of good corporate
governance practices. There is a procedure agreed by the Board to ensure Directors, upon reasonable request, to seek
independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expenses.

The Directors confirmed that they have complied with the Code Provision A.6.5 of the CG Code effective from 1 April 2012 on
Directors’ training and have provided a record of the training they received to the Company. All Directors have participated in
continuous professional development by the following means to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills.

Name of Directors                     Training received

Mr. Tan Chuan Hua                     — Reading materials/attending in house and external seminars and programmes
Mr. Tan Di Fu                         — Reading materials/attending in house and external seminars and programmes
Mr. Luo Hongping                      — Reading materials/attending in house and external seminars and programmes
Ms. Liu Liting                        — Reading materials/attending in house and external seminars and programmes
Mr. Chau Kam Wing, Donald             — Reading materials/attending in house and external seminars and programmes
Mr. Yang Tiannan (resigned on         — Reading materials/attending in house and external seminars and programmes
  31 October 2025)
Mr. Tan Lizi (appointed on            — Reading materials/attending in house and external seminars and programmes
  1 February 2025)
Ms. Liu Kejia (appointed on           — Reading materials/attending in house and external seminars and programmes
  1 February 2025)
Dr. Wong Kong Tin (appointed on       — Reading materials/attending in house and external seminars and programmes
  1 November 2025)

RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND EXTERNAL AUDITORS
The Directors are responsible for the preparation of the Financial Statements of the Group in accordance with the relevant
laws and disclosure stipulations of the Listing Rules and ensuring that these statements give a true and fair view of the state
of affairs of the Group, its results and cash flows for the relevant period. The Board also ensures the timely publication of the
financial statements of the Group. The Board confirms that, to the best of their knowledge, information and belief, having
made all reasonable enquiries, they are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast
significant doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.

The responsibilities of the external auditors are to express an independent opinion on the Financial Statements prepared
by the Directors based on their audit and to report their opinion solely to all the Shareholders, and for no other purpose.
The statement of external auditor of the Company, Crowe (HK) CPA Limited, about their reporting responsibilities on the
consolidated financial statements of the Group is set out in the “Independent Auditor’s Report” of this report.




                                                                                   CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                     53
                                                                                                     2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     BUSINESS COMPLIANCE AND ANTI-CORRUPTION
     We strive to maintain a high level of business integrity as it is vital to our reputation and the protection of our business partners
     and customers. To achieve so, the Group is in strict compliance with the Prevention of Bribery Ordinance (Cap. 201) in Hong
     Kong, and the Anti-Money Laundering Law and the Criminal Law of the PRC.

     We do not, in any case, tolerate any business misconduct and malpractices, this includes any form of bribery, extortion, fraud
     and money laundering. As stated clearly in the Prevention of Bribery Ordinance incorporated in our Employee’s Handbook,
     unethical business practices such as the offering and accepting of gifts are strictly prohibited. Once we discover any
     misconduct committed, the employees will be subject to termination of employment or disciplinary action.

     Holding on to the values of openness, probity and accountability, we have formulated the Whistleblowing Policy which allows
     employees to voice their concerns or if they suspect any misconduct is being committed within the business. As the policy
     provides absolute anonymous reporting channels, it protects the whistleblowers from any unfair treatment and undesired
     consequences such as dismissal, victimization and disciplinary action, even for substantiated cases. At the same time, the
     policy summarizes that the Audit Committee has been tasked with handling the cases and delineating the investigation
     procedures. The Whistleblowing Policy not only apply to internal employees but also to our suppliers and contractors.

     During the Year Under Review, there were no reported legal cases regarding the corrupt practices of our employees relating
     to bribery, extortion, fraud and/or money laundering. Though the Group did not provide any internal anti-corruption training to
     Directors and employees during the Year Under Review, they are encouraged to attend anti-corruption training provided by
     external parties at the Company’s expenses.

     REMUNERATION OF EXTERNAL AUDITORS
     For the year ended 31 December 2025, the total remuneration for the audit services provided by the external auditors in Hong
     Kong amounted to approximately RMB726,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$790,000).

     For the year ended 31 December 2025, the total remuneration for the permissible non-audit services provided by the external
     auditors amounted to approximately RMB230,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$250,000), mainly representing the
     remuneration for interim reporting services.

     FINANCIAL REPORTING, INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK
     MANAGEMENT
     Financial reporting
     The Board acknowledges its responsibility, as set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report, to prepare the Company’s financial
     statements which give a true and fair view of the Group’s state of affairs, results and cash flows for the year and in accordance
     with the International Financial Reporting Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, and the
     disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. The Company has selected appropriate accounting policies
     and has applied them consistently based on prudent and reasonable judgments and estimates. The Board considers that the
     Group has adequate resources to continue in business for the foreseeable future and not aware of any material uncertainties
     relating to events or conditions that may affect the business of the Company or cast doubts on its ability to continue as going
     concern.

     The responsibilities of Crowe (HK) CPA Limited, the Company’s external auditor, with respect to financial reporting are set out
     in the section headed “Independent Auditor’s Report” in this annual report.




     CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
54
     2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Internal control and risk management
The Board recognises its responsibility to ensure the Company maintains a sound and effective internal control system and the
Board has conducted a review of the effectiveness of the internal control system of the Group during the Year Under Review.
The Group’s internal control system is designed to safeguard assets against misappropriation and unauthorised disposition
and to manage operational risks. Review of the Group’s internal controls covering major financial, operational and compliance
controls, as well as risk management functions of different systems has been done on a systematic basis based on the risk
assessments of the operations and controls. The controls built into the risk management system are intended to manage,
not eliminate, significant risks in the Group’s business environment. The Group’s risk management framework includes the
following elements: (i) identify significant risks in the Group’s operation environment and evaluate the impacts of those risks on
the Group’s business; (ii) develop necessary measures to manage those risks; and (iii) monitor and review the effectiveness of
such measures. The implementation of risk management framework of the Group was assisted by the Group’s internal audit
department so that the Group could ensure new and emerging risks relevant to the Group’s operation are promptly identified
by management, assess the adequacy of action plans to manage these risks and monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of
the action plans. These are on-going processes and our Audit Committee reviews the Group’s risk management systems from
time to time in accordance with the prevailing Group’s business environment.

Audit Committee reported to the Board the implementation of the Group’s risk management and internal control policy which,
among other things, included the determination of risk factors, evaluation of risk level the Group could take and effectiveness
of risk management measures. Based on the reports from the Group’s internal control department and the Audit Committee,
the Board considers the Group’s risk management and internal control system is adequate and effective and the Group has
complied with the provisions on risk management and internal controls as set out in the CG code.


HANDLING AND DISSEMINATION OF INSIDE INFORMATION
For the purpose of handling and disseminating inside information in accordance with the Listing Rules and the Securities and
Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”) (Cap 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong), the Group has taken various procedures and measures,
including: (i) arousing the awareness to preserve confidentiality of inside information within the Group; (ii) sending blackout
period and securities dealing restrictions notification to the relevant directors and employees regularly; and (iii) disseminating
information to specified persons on a need-to-know basis and regarding closely to the “Guidelines on Disclosure of Inside
Information” issued by the Securities and Futures Commission in June 2012.


COMPANY SECRETARY
Mr. Chan Hon Wan was appointed as the company secretary of the Company on 1 June 2008. He is an employee of the
Company and has day-to-day knowledge of the Company’s affairs. He is responsible for ensuring a good information flow
within the Board and the compliance of the board policy and procedures.

During the Year Under Review, Mr. Chan has confirmed that he has duly complied with the relevant requirement under Rule 3.29
of the Listing Rules and taken no less than 15 hours of relevant professional training. His biographical details are set out in the
section headed “Biography of Directors and Senior Management” in this report.




                                                                                    CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                      55
                                                                                                      2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
     Each of the Directors (including executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors) has entered into a service
     agreement with the Company. The terms and conditions of such service agreements are briefly described as follows:

     (a)     Each service agreement in respect of executive Directors is for a term of three years unless and until terminated by either
             party thereto giving to the other party not less than three months’ prior written notice or terminated in accordance with
             the provisions set out in the respective service agreement after the first one year.

             Each of the executive Directors is entitled to their respective remuneration and benefits under statutory retirement
             scheme which have been agreed with the Company.

             In addition, each of the executive Directors may receive a discretionary bonus as the Board may suggest, the amount
             of which shall not exceed 5% of the audited consolidated net profits of the Group for the relevant financial year. Such
             amount has to be approved by the Remuneration Committee of the Board.

     (b)     Each service agreement in respect of the independent non-executive Directors is for a term of two years. Either party
             may terminate the appointment by giving to the other party not less than three months’ prior written notice. Each of
             the independent non-executive Directors is entitled to their respective remuneration which has been agreed with the
             Company.

     Save as disclosed herein, none of the Directors has entered into or has proposed to enter into any service agreements with the
     Company (other than agreements expiring or determinable by the employer within one year without payment of compensation
     other than statutory compensation).


     COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS
     Shareholders’ communication policy
     On 28 March 2012, the Board adopted a shareholders’ communication policy reflecting mostly the current practices of the
     Company for communication with its Shareholders. Such policy aims at providing the Shareholders and potential investors with
     ready and timely access to balanced and understandable information of the Company. However, it will be reviewed regularly
     by the Group to ensure its effectiveness and compliance with the prevailing regulatory and other requirements.

     The Company has established a number of channels for maintaining an on-going dialogue with its Shareholders as follows:

     (i)     corporate communications such as annual reports, interim reports and circulars are issued in printed form
             and are available on the Stock Exchange’s website at www.hkex.com.hk and the Company’s website at
             www.ctans.com;

     (ii)    periodic announcements are made through the Stock Exchange and published on the respective websites of the Stock
             Exchange and the Company;

     (iii)   corporate information and the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company are made available on the
             Company’s website at www.ctans.com;

     (iv)    Annual General Meeting and extraordinary general meetings provide a forum for the Shareholders to make comments
             and exchange views with the Directors and senior management; and

     (v)     the Company’s share registrars serve the Shareholders in respect of share registration, dividend payment, change of
             Shareholders’ particulars and related matters.


     CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
56
     2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
Procedures for Shareholders to convene an extraordinary general meeting
Extraordinary general meetings shall be convened on the written requisition of any one or more Shareholder(s) holding, at the
date of deposit of the requisition, not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company carrying the right of voting
at general meetings of the Company. Such requisition shall be made in writing to the Board or the company secretary of the
Company, to require an extraordinary general meeting to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in
such requisition. Such meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition. If within twenty-one days
of such deposit, the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the requisitionist(s) himself/herself/themselves may do so
in the same manner, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall be
reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by the Company.

Procedures for proposing a person for election as a director
On 28 March 2012, the Board adopted a policy of procedures for proposing a person for election as a director. If a
Shareholder wishes to propose a person (other than a retiring Director) for election as a Director (the “Candidate”) at a general
meeting of the Company, he should:

(i)     lodge a written notice of such proposal at the Company’s head office in Hong Kong at Room 708, 7th Floor, Witty
        Commercial Building, 1A-1L Tung Choi Street, Mong Kok, Kowloon, Hong Kong for the attention of the Company’s
        company secretary, signed by the Shareholder who should be qualified to attend and vote at the general meeting;

(ii)    provide biographical details of the Candidate as set out in Rule 13.51(2)(a)-(x) of the Listing Rules; and

(iii)   provide a written consent signed by the Candidate indicating his/her willingness to be elected.

The period for lodgment of such a written notice will commence on the day after the despatch of the notice of the relevant
general meeting appointed for such election and end on the date seven days prior to the date of such general meeting and the
minimum length of the period during which such notices to the Company may be given will be at least seven days.

Procedures for directing Shareholders’ enquiries to the Board
Shareholders may at any time send their enquiries and concerns to the Board in writing through the company secretary whose
contact address is Room 708, 7th Floor, Witty Commercial Building, 1A-1L Tung Choi Street, Mong Kok, Kowloon, Hong
Kong.

Shareholders may also make enquiries with the Board at the general meetings of the Company.


CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
During the year ended 31 December 2025, there had been no significant change in the Company’s constitutional documents,
a copy of which is available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company.




                                                                                      CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                     57
                                                                                                        2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     DIRECTORS’ INSURANCE
     The Company has arranged appropriate insurance cover in respect of the legal action against the Directors.


     INVESTOR RELATIONS
     The Company believes that effective communications with the investment community are pivotal in enhancing investors’
     understanding of the Company’s business and development. To achieve this and to enhance transparency, the Company
     maintains a proactive approach in promoting investor relations and communications. As such, the objectives of the Company’s
     investor relations policy is to enable investors to have access, on a fair and timely basis, to information relating to the Group so
     that they can make informed decisions.

     Investors are welcome to share their views with the Board by writing to the Company or sending enquiries to the Company’s
     website at www.ctans.com. The website also enables investors and the public to obtain up-to-date corporate information of
     the Group.




     On behalf of the Board
     Carpenter Tan Holdings Limited
     Mr. Tan Chuan Hua
     Chairman of the Board

     Hong Kong, 27 March 2026




     CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
58
     2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The Directors have pleasure in presenting the annual report together with the audited consolidated financial statements of the
Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 (the “Financial Statements”).


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The Company is an investment holding company. The Group is principally engaged in (i) the design, manufacture and
distribution of small size wooden accessories which are mainly made of natural wood and designed with traditional Chinese
cultural features and with high artistic qualities; (ii) the operation of a franchise and distribution network primarily in the PRC;
and (iii) the operation of retailing shops for direct sale of its products in Hong Kong and the PRC. The Group’s products are
mainly classified into four categories, namely (i) wooden or horn combs such as coloured drawing combs, grass-and-tree dyed
wooden combs and carved combs; (ii) pocket-size wooden mirrors such as coloured drawing mirrors and carved mirrors; (iii)
other wooden accessories and adornments such as bead bracelets (香珠手鏈), pendants (鏈墜), barrettes (髮夾), hair bobs (髮
簪) and massage tools; and (iv) box sets which combine its different products featured in themes for gift purpose. The Group’s
products are mainly sold under the brand name of “Carpenter Tan” (譚木匠).


RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS
Profit of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 and the state of affairs of the Company and the Group at that date
are set out in the Consolidated Financial Statements on pages 75 to 148.

Final dividend
To extend the Company’s gratitude for the support of our Shareholders, the Board has recommended the distribution of a final
dividend of HK38.31 cents per share for the financial year ended 31 December 2025 to the Shareholders whose names appear
on the register of members of the Company on Monday, 8 June 2026, amounting to approximately HK$95,282,000 (equivalent
to approximately RMB85,657,000) in total, subject to the approval of the Shareholders at the Company’s forthcoming annual
general meeting to be held on Friday, 22 May 2026. The dividend payout ratio is 50.0% of the profit for the year attributable to
owners of the Company.

There is no arrangement under which a Shareholder has waived or agreed to waive any dividends, the above-mentioned final
dividend is expected to be paid on or before Tuesday, 30 June 2026.


POLICY ON PAYMENT OF DIVIDENDS
The Company has adopted a policy on payment of dividends (the “Dividend Policy”), which establishes an appropriate
procedure on declaring and recommending the dividend payment of the Company.

The Company will declare and/or recommend the payment of dividends to the Shareholders after considering the Company’s
ability to pay dividends, which will depend upon, among other things, its actual and expected financial results, cash flow,
general business conditions and strategies, current and future operations, statutory, contractual and regulatory restrictions.
The Board has complete discretion on whether to pay a dividend, subject to the Shareholders’ approval, where applicable.
Even if the Board decides to recommend and pay dividends, the form, frequency and amount will depend upon the operations
and earnings, capital requirements and surplus, general financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors affecting
the Group. The Board may also consider declaring special dividends from time to time, in addition to the interim and/or final
dividends.

The Company shall review and reassess the Dividend Policy and its effectiveness on a regular basis or as required.




                                                                                    CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                       59
                                                                                                      2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                          REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



     CLOSURE OF THE REGISTER OF MEMBERS
     To be eligible to attend and vote in the forthcoming annual general meeting
     The register of members of the Company will be closed from Tuesday, 19 May 2026 to Friday, 22 May 2026 (both days
     inclusive) during which period no transfer of Shares will be registered. The record date for determining the entitlement of the
     shareholders to attend and vote at the meeting is 22 May 2026. To be qualified for attending and voting at the forthcoming
     annual general meeting, all share transfer documents must be lodged with the Company’s share registrar in Hong Kong, Tricor
     Investor Services Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong, for registration no later than 4:30
     p.m. on Monday, 18 May 2026.

     To qualify for the proposed final dividend
     The register of members of the Company will be closed from Wednesday, 3 June 2026 to Monday, 8 June 2026 (both
     days inclusive) during which period no transfer of Shares will be registered. To be qualified for receiving the proposed final
     dividend, all share transfer documents must be lodged with the Company’s share registrar in Hong Kong, Tricor Investor
     Services Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong, for registration no later than 4:30 p.m. on
     Tuesday, 2 June 2026.


     BUSINESS REVIEW
     A review of the business of the Group for the Year Under Review and a discussion on the Group’s future business
     development are provided in the “Management Discussion and Analysis” on pages 7 to 43. An analysis of the Group’s
     performance during the Year Under Review using financial key performance indicators is provided in the “Financial Highlights”
     on page 4. No important event affecting the Group has occurred since the end of the Year Under Review.


     ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY
     The Group is committed to supporting the environmental sustainability. Our commitment to protect the environment is well
     reflected by our continuous efforts in promoting green measures and awareness in our daily business operations. Our Group
     encourages environmental protection and promote awareness towards environmental protection to the employees. Our Group
     adheres to the principle of recycling and reducing. It implements green office practices such as double-sided printing and
     copying, setting up recycling bins, promoting using recycled paper and reducing energy consumption by switching off idle
     lightings and electrical appliance.

     Our Group will review its environmental practices from time to time and will consider implementing further eco-friendly
     measures and practices in the operation of our Group’s businesses to move towards adhering the 3Rs – Reduce, Recycle and
     Reuse and enhance environmental sustainability.


     COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS
     During the Year Under Review, as far as the Company is aware, there was no material breach of or non-compliance with
     applicable laws and regulations by our Group that has a significant impact on the business and operations of our Group.


     RELATIONSHIPS WITH STAKEHOLDERS
     The Company recognises that employees are our valuable assets. Thus our Group provides competitive remuneration package
     to attract and motivate the employees. Our Group regularly reviews the remuneration package of employees and makes
     necessary adjustments to conform to the market standard.




     CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
60
     2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



Our Group also understands that it is important to maintain good relationship with business partners and bank enterprises to
achieve its long-term goals. Accordingly, our senior management have kept good communication, promptly exchanged ideas
and shared business update with them when appropriate. During the Year Under Review, there was no material and significant
dispute between our Group and its business partners or bank enterprises.


KEY RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
Our Group’s financial condition, results of operations, and business prospects may be affected by a number of risks and
uncertainties directly or indirectly pertaining to our Group’s businesses. The followings are the key risks and uncertainties
identified by our Group. There may be other risks and uncertainties in addition to those shown below which are not known to
our Group or which may not be material now but could turn out to be material in the future.

Market Risk
Market risk is the risk that deteriorates profitability or affects ability to meet business objectives arising from the movement in
market prices. The management of our Group manages and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are
implemented on a timely and effective manner.

Foreign exchange risk
The Group’s principal business is located in the PRC and its major transactions are conducted in Renminbi. Most of its assets
and liabilities are denominated in Renminbi, except for certain payables to professional parties that are denominated in Hong
Kong dollars.

The Renminbi is not freely convertible. There is a risk that the Chinese government may take actions affecting exchange rates
which may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s net assets, earnings and any dividends it declares if such dividend
is to be exchanged or converted into foreign exchange. The Group has not entered into any hedging transactions to manage
the potential fluctuation in foreign currencies. The Group does not consider that it has any significant exposure to the risk of
fluctuation in the exchange rate between HK$, US$ and RMB.

Liquidity Risk
Liquidity risk is the potential that our Group will be unable to meet its obligations when they fall due because of an inability
to obtain adequate funding or liquidate assets. In managing liquidity risk, our Group monitors cash flows and maintains an
adequate level of cash and cash equivalent to ensure the ability to finance the Group’s operations and reduce the effects of
fluctuation in cash flows.

Operational Risk
Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems or from external
events. Responsibility for managing operational risks basically rests with every function at divisional and departmental levels.

Key functions in our Group are guided by their standard operating procedures, limits of authority and reporting framework. Our
management will identify and assess key operational exposures regularly so that appropriate risk response can be taken.




                                                                                    CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                      61
                                                                                                      2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



     CONTINGENT LIABILITIES, LEGAL AND POTENTIAL PROCEEDINGS
     Included in the Group’s property, plant and equipment, there is a property located in Jurong, Jiangsu, with a carrying amount
     of approximately RMB24,332,000 as at 31 December 2025. The Group purchased the property from 蘇州建興置業有限公
     司 (the “Developer”) in 2013. The Group has fully paid the cost of the buildings but as at 31 December 2025, the Group has
     not obtained the ownership certificate yet. The Group has litigations against the Developer in these few years. During the Year
     Under Review, the Developer was under liquidation procedure.

     On 29 December 2025, the Group received the civil ruling issued by the Jiangsu Higher People’s Court (the “Jiangsu Higher
     Court”) dated 29 December 2025 (the “Final Ruling”). The Jiangsu Higher Court dismissed the Group’s application for a retrial.
     The Final Ruling represents the exhaustion of the ordinary judicial appeal process in the PRC.

     Notwithstanding the above, the Group maintains its strong position that the Final Ruling is unjust. The Group intends to pursue
     all available channels to challenge the outcome. As advised by the PRC lawyers of the Company, Jiangsu Huidian Law Firm
     (江蘇匯典律師事務所) and Beijing Dacheng (Nanjing) Law Offices, LLP (北京大成(南京)律師事務所), potential avenues may
     include, but are not limited to:

     1.    filing an appeal with the procuratorate; or

     2.    submitting a petition to the Supreme People’s Court of the PRC.

     The Board is actively assessing, with its legal advisors, the feasibility and merits of lawful means to overturn what it considers
     to be an unjust result. There is, however, no assurance that any such action will be accepted or, if accepted, will be successful.
     Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 9 January 2026 for further details.

     As at 31 December 2025, loss on derecognition of property, plant and equipment of approximately RMB24,332,000 was
     recognised.

     Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities, legal
     proceedings or potential proceedings.




     CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
62
     2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



BORROWINGS
The Group did not have any borrowings for the year ended 31 December 2025.


EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
Other than the Share Option Scheme of the Company as disclosed above, no equity-linked agreements that will or may
result in the Company issuing shares or that require the Company to enter into any agreements that will or may result in the
Company issuing shares were entered into by the Company during the Year Under Review or subsisted at the end of the year.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS AND
CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE
No transactions, arrangements and contracts of significance in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company,
the Company’s subsidiaries or holding companies, or fellow subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director had a material
interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of or at any time during the Year Under Review.


PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
Pursuant to the Company’s articles of association of the Company, each Director or other officers of the Company shall
be indemnified out of the assets and profits of the Company against all losses or liabilities which he or she may sustain or
incur in or about the execution of the duties of his or her office or otherwise in relation thereto. In addition, the Company has
maintained appropriate directors and officers liability insurance in respect of relevant legal actions against the Directors.


GOING CONCERN
Based on the current financial position and financing facilities available, the Group has sufficient financial resources for ongoing
operation in the foreseeable future. As such, the financial statements were prepared on a “going concern” basis.


PUBLIC FLOAT
According to information disclosed publicly and as far as the Directors are aware, for the year ended 31 December 2025 and
up to the date of this report, at least 25% issued shares of the Company were held by public Shareholders.




                                                                                    CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                       63
                                                                                                      2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



     PURCHASES, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED
     SECURITIES
     For the year ended 31 December 2025, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or redeemed any
     of the Company’s listed securities.


     SHARE CAPITAL
     Details of the share capital of the Company are set out in Note 28 to the Financial Statements.


     RESERVES
     Details of the movements in the reserves of the Group and the Company during the year are set out in the “Consolidated
     Statement of Changes in Equity” on page 79 and Note 30 to the Financial Statements.


     DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
     As at 31 December 2025, the Company’s reserves, including the share premium account, available for distribution, calculated
     in accordance with the Companies Law, Cap 22 (Law 3 of 1961, as consolidated and revised) of the Cayman Islands (the
     “Companies Law”), amounted to approximately RMB119,198,000, of which approximately RMB85,657,000 (equivalent to
     approximately HK$95,282,000) has been proposed as a final dividend for the year. Under the Companies Law, a company
     may make distribution to its Shareholders out of the share premium account under certain circumstances.


     CHARITABLE DONATIONS
     The Group had charitable donations of approximately RMB nil for the year ended 31 December 2025 (2024: approximately
     RMB nil).


     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
     Details of the movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 are set
     forth in Note 14(A) to the Financial Statements.


     INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
     The Group’s investment properties were revalued at the year end date. The fair value of the Group’s investment properties as
     at 31 December 2025 amounted to approximately RMB81,400,000 which had decreased by approximately RMB2,700,000
     when compared to 2024. Details of movements in the investment properties of the Group are set out in Note 15 to the
     Financial Statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025. Details of the principal properties held for investment
     purposes are set out on page 149 of this report.


     PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
     There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s Articles of Association or the laws of the Cayman Islands
     which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro rata basis to the existing Shareholders.


     SUBSIDIARIES
     Details of the Company’s principal subsidiaries as at 31 December 2025 are set out in Note 17 to the Financial Statements.




     CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
64
     2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



DIRECTORS
The Directors of the Company during the financial year ended 31 December 2025 and up to the date of this report are as
follows:

Executive Directors
Mr. Tan Chuan Hua (Chairman)
Mr. Tan Di Fu
Mr. Luo Hongping
Mr. Tan Lizi (appointed on 1 February 2025)
Ms. Liu Kejia (appointed on 1 February 2025)

Independent Non-Executive Directors
Mr. Chau Kam Wing, Donald
Ms. Liu Liting
Mr. Yang Tiannan (resigned on 31 October 2025)
Dr. Wong Kong Tin (appointed on 1 November 2025)


BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR
MANAGEMENT
Brief biographical information of the Directors and senior management of the Company are set out in the section headed
“Biography of Directors and Senior Management” on pages 44 to 46 of this report.


CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
The Company confirmed that it has received from each Independent Non-executive Director a written annual confirmation
of his independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and considers, based on the confirmations received, the
Independent Non-executive Directors remain independent.


REMUNERATIONS OF DIRECTORS AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID
INDIVIDUALS
The Remuneration Committee considers and makes recommendation to the Board on the remuneration and other benefits
payable to the Directors. The committee regularly oversees the remuneration of all Directors to ensure that their remuneration
and compensation are at appropriate level. The Group maintains competitive remuneration packages with reference to the
industry remuneration standard and according to the business development of the Group to attract and retain its Directors as
well as to control costs.

The Board determines the remuneration of the Directors on the basis of the Company’s performance, together with the
relevant Directors’ qualifications, responsibilities, experience, contributions to and positions held with the Company. Details of
the remuneration of the Directors are set out in Note 9 to the Financial Statements.

The five highest paid individuals of the Group in the Year Under Review include 3 Directors (2024: 1 Director). Details of the five
highest paid individuals are set out in Note 10 to the Financial Statements.




                                                                                    CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                      65
                                                                                                      2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



     DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
     Each of the Directors (including Executive Directors and Independent Non-executive Directors) has entered into a service
     agreement with the Company. The terms and conditions of such service agreements are briefly described as follows:

     (a)   Each service agreement in respect of Executive Directors is for a term of three years unless and until terminated by either
           party thereto giving to the other party not less than three months’ prior written notice or terminated in accordance with
           the provisions set out in the respective service agreement after the first one year.

           Each of the Executive Directors is entitled to their respective remuneration and benefits under statutory retirement
           scheme which have been agreed with the Company.

           In addition, each of the Executive Directors may receive a discretionary bonus as the Board may suggest, the amount
           of which shall not exceed 5% of the audited consolidated net profits of the Group for the relevant financial year. Such
           amount has to be approved by the Remuneration Committee of the Board.

     (b)   Each service agreement in respect of the Independent Non-executive Directors is for a term of two years. Either party
           may terminate the appointment by giving to the other party not less than three months’ prior written notice. Each of
           the Independent Non-executive Directors is entitled to their respective remuneration which has been agreed with the
           Company.

     For the Year Under Review, the emoluments payable to each of the Directors are as follows:

                                                                                                                          RMB’000

     Executive Directors
     Mr. Tan Chuan Hua (Chairman)                                                                                               287
     Mr. Tan Di Fu                                                                                                               88
     Mr. Luo Hongping                                                                                                           876
     Mr. Tan Lizi (appointed on 1 February 2025)                                                                                566
     Ms. Liu Kejia (appointed on 1 February 2025)                                                                               825

     Independent Non-Executive Directors
     Mr. Chau Kam Wing, Donald                                                                                                  132
     Ms. Liu Liting                                                                                                              88
     Mr. Yang Tiannan (resigned on 31 October 2025)                                                                              73
     Dr. Wong Kong Tin (appointed on 1 November 2025)                                                                            15

     Each of the executive Directors will also be entitled to reimbursement of reasonable traveling, hotel, entertainment and other
     expenses properly incurred in the performance of his or her duties under the relevant service contract.

     Save as disclosed herein, none of the Directors has entered into or has proposed to enter into any service agreements with the
     Company (other than agreements expiring or determinable by the employer within one year without payment of compensation
     other than statutory compensation).




     CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
66
     2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
During the year ended 31 December 2025, none of the Directors was interested in any business which competes or is likely to
compete, either directly or indirectly, with the business of the Group.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN SECURITIES
(a) Interests and Short Positions of Directors and Chief Executive in
    the Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures of the Company and its
    Associated Corporations
     As at 31 December 2025, the interests and short positions of the Directors and the chief executive of the Company in
     the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of
     Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)), which were required (i) to be notified to the Company and
     the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which
     they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); or (ii) pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be
     entered in the register referred to therein; or (iii) pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of
     Listed Issuers, to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange, were as follows:

     (I)    Interest in the shares in the Company:

                                                                                                                Approximate
                                                                                             Number of         percentage of
            Name of Director                   Capacity/Nature of interest                    securities        shareholding

            Tan Chuan Hua (Note 1)             Interest in a controlled                  167,700,000                  67.43%
                                                  corporation

            Note:


            1.      Tan Chuan Hua is deemed to be interested in 167,700,000 Shares held by Lead Charm Investments Limited (“Lead
                    Charm”) by virtue of his 51% interest in Lead Charm under Part XV of the SFO.


     (II)   Interests in the shares of associated corporations:

                                                                                                                Approximate
                                                                                                               percentage of
                                                                                                                  interests in
                                           Name of associated             Capacity/                               associated
            Name of Directors              corporations                   Nature of interest                    corporations

            Tan Chuan Hua                  Lead Charm                     Beneficial owner                                51%




                                                                                  CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                    67
                                                                                                    2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                                REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



     (b) Substantial Shareholders’ Interests and Short Positions in the Shares and
         Underlying Shares of the Company
           As at 31 December 2025, so far as was known to the Directors, the interests or short positions of the following persons
           (other than the Directors) in the shares of the Company which were required to be notified to the Company pursuant to
           Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or the interests or short positions recorded in the register kept by the Company
           under section 336 of the SFO were as follows:


           Long position in the Shares

                                                                                                                                Approximate
                                                   Capacity/                                 Number                            percentage of
           Name                                    Nature of interest                       of shares              Position     shareholding

           Tan Chuan Hua (Note 1)                  Interest in a controlled             167,700,000                     Long         67.43%
                                                      corporation
           Fan Cheng Qin (Note 2)                  Interest in a controlled             167,700,000                     Long         67.43%
                                                      corporation
           Lead Charm (Note 3)                     Beneficial owner                     167,700,000                     Long         67.43%

           Notes:


           1.       Tan Chuan Hua is deemed to be interested in 167,700,000 Shares held by Lead Charm by virtue of his 51% interest in Lead
                    Charm under Part XV of the SFO. Mr. Tan is a controlling shareholder within the meaning of the Listing Rules.


           2.       Fan Cheng Qin is deemed to be interested in 167,700,000 Shares held by Lead Charm by virtue of her 49% Interest in Lead
                    Charm under Part XV of the SFO. Ms. Fan is a controlling shareholder within the meaning of the Listing Rules.


           3.       Lead Charm is a controlling shareholder within the meaning or otherwise by virtue of the Listing Rules.


     DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBT SECURITIES
     At no time during the Year Under Review was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangement to enable the
     Directors or chief executives of the Company (including their spouses or children under 18 years of age) to have any right to
     subscribe for securities of the Company or any of its associated corporations as defined in the SFO or to acquire benefits by
     means of acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate.

     RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
     Details of the Group’s related party transactions for the year ended 31 December 2025 are set out in Note 33 to the Financial
     Statements.




     CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
68
     2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS
Other than those transactions set out in the paragraph headed “Related Party Transactions”, at the end of the year or at any
time during the Year Under Review, there was no contract of significance in relation to the Company’s business, to which the
Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party, subsisted, and in which a Director had, whether directly or indirectly, a material
interest.


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contract concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Group
was entered into or existed during the Year Under Review.


PLEDGE OF ASSETS
As at 31 December 2025, the Group had pledged bank deposit of RMB nil to the bank to secure a financial guarantee issued
by the bank to distribution agents for the Group’s operation (2024: RMB nil).


LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
The Group has met its working capital needs mainly through cash generated from operations and various short term bank
borrowings when required. As at 31 December 2025, the Group did not have any bank borrowings. Taking into account the
cash generated from operation and the bank borrowing facilities available to the Group, the directors of the Company are of
the view that the Group has sufficient working capital to meet its current liquidity demand and the liquidity demand within at
least twelve months from the date of this report.

As at 31 December 2025, the Group had cash and bank balances of approximately RMB79,739,000 (2024: approximately
RMB41,714,000) mainly generated from operations of the Group.


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
The aggregate sales to the five largest customers of the Group accounted for approximately 2.7% of the Group’s total
revenue and sales to the largest customer accounted for approximately 0.8% of the Group’s total revenue for the year ended
31 December 2025. The aggregate purchases from the five largest suppliers of the Group accounted for approximately 39.5%
of the Group’s total purchases and purchases from the largest supplier accounted for approximately 12.4% of the Group’s
total purchases for the year ended 31 December 2025.

None of the Directors, their associates, or any Shareholder which to the knowledge of the Directors owns more than 5% of the
Company’s issued share capital has any interest in the Group’s five largest suppliers or the Group’s five largest customers.


TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION
The Company is not aware that any holders of securities of the Company are entitled to any tax relief or exemption by reason
of their holding of such securities.




                                                                                   CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                     69
                                                                                                     2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



     EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
     Details of the employee benefits of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 are set out in Note 35 to the Financial
     Statements. No forfeited contributions (by the Group on behalf of employees who leave the defined contribution plans prior to
     vesting fully in such contributions) can be used by the Group to reduce the existing level of contributions.


     FINANCIAL SUMMARY
     A summary of the results, the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is set out in the “Financial
     Summary” on page 150 of this report.


     EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
     There are no material events after the reporting period as at the date of this report.


     AUDITOR
     Crowe (HK) CPA Limited (“Crowe (HK)”) acted as auditor of the Company and audited the Group’s consolidated financial
     statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2025. Crowe (HK) retire and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-
     appointment. A resolution for the re-appointment of Crowe (HK) as auditor of the Company is to be proposed at the
     forthcoming annual general meeting.




     On behalf of the Board
     Carpenter Tan Holdings Limited
     Mr. Tan Chuan Hua
     Chairman of the Board

     Hong Kong, 27 March 2026




     CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
70
     2025 ANNUAL REPORT
                        INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
CARPENTER TAN HOLDINGS LIMITED
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Carpenter Tan Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
(the “Group”) set out on pages 75 to 148, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December
2025, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated cash flow statement for the year then ended,
and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group
as at 31 December 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then
ended in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants
(“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
Ordinance.


BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) as issued by the HKICPA. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated
financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics
for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), as applicable to audits of financial statements of public interest entities. We have
also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained
is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on
these matters.




                                                                                    CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                      71
                                                                                                    2025 A NNUA L RE P O RT
                                     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



     NET REALISABLE VALUE OF INVENTORIES

     Refer to notes 4 and 18 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies on note 2(H) to the consolidated
     financial statements.


     THE KEY AUDIT MATTER                                               HOW THE MATTER WAS ADDRESSED IN OUR AUDIT

     Assessing net realisable value is an area of significant           We have checked the accuracy of stock ageing of the
     judgement, with specific consideration in relation to the          inventories, on a sample basis, with reference to the relative
     estimate of write-down of slow-moving and obsolete                 warehouse record. We have performed review of the ageing
     inventory. Considered that the characteristic of the raw           analysis of the inventory reports to identify any issues in
     materials, they are ready for use after storing for a period of    respect of slow-moving items of the inventories.
     time which is around 2 to 3 years. However, the demand and
     ability of the Group to sell these inventories in the future may   We have assessed the demand for the Group’s inventories
     be adversely affected by many factors, such as changes in          by reference to the sales patterns and trends of the Group’s
     customers and consumer preferences, competitor activities          products before and after the year end, reviewed the
     including pricing and the introduction of new products.            confirmed sales orders from the customers.


                                                                        We have reviewed the calculation of net realisable value of
                                                                        inventories, on a sample basis, with reference to the selling
                                                                        prices achieved on sales near and after the year-end, and
                                                                        checked that the inventories are stated at the lower of their
                                                                        costs and net realisable value.


                                                                        We reviewed the subsequent utilisation of raw materials, on a
                                                                        sample basis, with reference to the subsequent usage report
                                                                        to identify obsolete inventories.


                                                                        We have observed inventory counts to identify any defective
                                                                        or obsolete inventories.




     OTHER INFORMATION
     The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
     included in the annual report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

     Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
     assurance conclusion thereon.

     In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
     in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our
     knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

     If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
     required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.




     CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
72
     2 0 2 5 AN N U AL R EPOR T
                                INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH
GOVERNANCE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true
and fair view in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements
of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as
a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting
unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. This
report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We
do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs
will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users
taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or
      error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and
      appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is
      higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations,
      or the override of internal control.

•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate
      in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal
      control.

•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
      disclosures made by the directors.




                                                                                    CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                      73
                                                                                                    2025 A NNUA L RE P O RT
                                     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



     •     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
           evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt
           on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required
           to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such
           disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the
           date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going
           concern.

     •     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
           disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
           manner that achieves fair presentation.

     •     Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the
           entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the group financial statements. We are
           responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of the group audit. We
           remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

     We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
     audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

     We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
     regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to
     bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

     From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
     significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters.
     We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or
     when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because
     the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such
     communication.




     Crowe (HK) CPA Limited
     Certified Public Accountants
     Hong Kong, 27 March 2026

     Sze Chor Chun, Yvonne
     Practising Certificate Number P05049




     CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
74
     2 0 2 5 AN N U AL R EPOR T
       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                                                                         Notes                  2025                   2024
                                                                                             RMB’000                RMB’000

Revenue                                                                    5                   558,223              505,436

Cost of sales                                                                                 (212,921)             (200,234)

Gross profit                                                                                   345,302              305,202

Other income and other net gain                                            6                    45,045                42,456
Administrative expenses                                                                        (45,432)              (41,851)
Selling and distribution expenses                                                              (96,945)              (85,624)
Other operating expenses                                                                       (30,820)                (6,638)

Profit from operations                                                                         217,150              213,545

Finance costs                                                             7(C)                     (664)                (611)

Profit before taxation                                                     7                   216,486              212,934

Income tax                                                                8(A)                 (45,459)              (41,455)

Profit for the year                                                                            171,027              171,479

Attributable to
  Owners of the Company                                                                        171,027              171,366
  Non-controlling interests                                                                          –                  113

Profit for the year                                                                            171,027              171,479

Earnings per share
  Basic and diluted                                                       13         RMB68.76 cents          RMB68.90 cents




The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

Details of dividends payable to owners of the Company attributable to profit for the year are set out in Note 12.




                                                                                   CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                 75
                                                                                                   2025 A NNUA L RE P O RT
            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
               AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                                                                                                   2025       2024
                                                                                                RMB’000    RMB’000

     Profit for the year                                                                         171,027   171,479

     Other comprehensive income/(expense) for the year

     Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
        Exchange differences on translation from functional
          currency to presentation currency                                                        1,498     4,891
     Item that are or may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
        Exchange differences arising on translation of foreign operations                          3,289     (6,454)

     Other comprehensive income/(expense) for the year, net of nil income tax                      4,787     (1,563)

     Total comprehensive income for the year                                                     175,814   169,916

     Attributable to
       Owners of the Company                                                                     175,814   169,803
       Non-controlling interest                                                                        –       113

     Total comprehensive income for the year                                                     175,814   169,916




     The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




     CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
76
     2 0 2 5 AN N U AL R EPOR T
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                 AT 31 DECEMBER 2025



                                                                       Notes          2025             2024
                                                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000

Non-current assets
 Property, plant and equipment                                         14(A)         120,650          132,355
 Right-of-use assets                                                   14(B)          53,551           36,233
 Investment properties                                                  15            81,400           84,100
 Intangible assets                                                      16                 –                –
 Non-pledged fixed bank deposits with maturity over one year           23(A)         336,000          218,000
 Other receivables, deposits and prepayments                            20             4,459              624

                                                                                     596,060          471,312

Current assets
 Inventories                                                            18           308,556          292,498
 Trade receivables                                                      19             7,733            7,153
 Other receivables, deposits and prepayments                            20            36,702           10,656
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                  21            80,669           80,791
 Non-pledged fixed bank deposits with maturity more than 3 months,
    but within one year                                                23(A)          10,000          105,000
 Cash and cash equivalents                                             23(A)          79,739           41,714

                                                                                     523,399          537,812

Current liabilities
 Trade payables                                                         24            12,099            9,507
 Other payables and accruals                                            25            59,639           47,798
 Income tax payable                                                    22(A)          40,349           38,595
 Lease liabilities                                                      26             2,943            2,161

                                                                                    (115,030)         (98,061)

Net current assets                                                                   408,369          439,751

Total assets less current liabilities                                              1,004,429          911,063




                                                                        CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                  77
                                                                                        2025 A NNUA L RE P O RT
                  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                        AT 31 DECEMBER 2025



                                                                                  Notes            2025        2024
                                                                                                RMB’000     RMB’000

     Non-current liabilities
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                     22(B)          15,919     16,654
      Deferred income                                                               27               476        497
      Lease liabilities                                                             26            17,830      9,953

                                                                                                 (34,225)    (27,104)

     NET ASSETS                                                                                  970,204    883,959

     CAPITAL AND RESERVES
      Share capital                                                                  28            2,189      2,189
      Reserves                                                                       29          968,015    881,770

     TOTAL EQUITY                                                                                970,204    883,959


     Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 27 March 2026.




     Tan Chuan Hua                                                 Tan Lizi
     Director                                                      Director




     The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




     CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
78
     2 0 2 5 AN N U AL R EPOR T
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                                                                                Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                                       Property       Currency                       Non-
                                             Share          Share         Capital      Statutory          Other      revaluation    translation   Retained     controlling
                                            capital      premium         reserve       reserves        reserves         reserve        reserve      profits      interests      Total
                                          RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000
                                          (Note 28)   (Note 29(A))   (Note 29(B))   (Note 29(C))    (Note 29(D))    (Note 29(E))   (Note 29(F))

At 1 January 2024                            2,189       110,503         10,275          58,658          17,542         12,245         (21,479)    614,452         4,099     808,484

 Profit for the year                             –              –              –              –               –               –              –     171,366           113     171,479
 Exchange differences
   on translation from functional
   currency to presentation currency             –              –              –              –               –               –         4,891             –             –       4,891
 Exchange differences arising on
   translation of foreign operations             –              –              –              –               –               –         (6,454)           –             –      (6,454)

Total comprehensive
  income for the year                            –              –              –              –               –               –         (1,563)    171,366           113     169,916
Dividends approved in respect of the
  previous year (note 12)                        –              –              –              –               –               –              –     (89,996)             –     (89,996)
Transfer to reserve                              –              –              –             18               –               –              –          (18)            –           –
Equity transaction with non-controlling
  shareholders (note 17(B))                      –              –              –              –            (233)              –              –            –        (4,212)     (4,445)

At 31 December 2024 and
  1 January 2025                             2,189       110,503         10,275          58,676          17,309         12,245         (23,042)    695,804              –    883,959

 Profit for the year                             –              –              –              –               –               –              –     171,027              –    171,027
 Exchange differences
   on translation from functional
   currency to presentation currency             –              –              –              –               –               –         1,498             –             –       1,498
 Exchange differences arising on
   translation of foreign operations             –              –              –              –               –               –         3,289             –             –       3,289

Total comprehensive income for the year          –              –              –              –               –               –         4,787      171,027              –    175,814
Dividends approved in respect of the
  previous year (note 12)                        –              –              –              –               –               –              –     (89,569)             –     (89,569)
Transfer to reserve                              –              –              –              –               –               –              –           –              –           –

At 31 December 2025                          2,189       110,503         10,275          58,676          17,309         12,245         (18,255)    777,262              –    970,204




The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                        CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                                                                         79
                                                                                                                                        2025 A NNUA L RE P O RT
                     CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                                                                                    Notes      2025         2024
                                                                                            RMB’000      RMB’000

     Operating activities
      Profit before taxation                                                                 216,486     212,934
      Adjustments for:
        Finance costs                                                               7(C)         664          611
        Interest income                                                              6        (7,725)     (11,757)
        Fair value loss on investment properties                                     6         2,700        7,470
        Loss on disposal of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                  2            –
        Fair value gain on financial assets at fair value
           through profit or loss                                                    6          (669)       (816)
        Loss on derecognition of property, plant and equipment                      7(B)      24,332            –
        Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                           7(B)           15        331
        Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                               7(B)       6,090       6,273
        Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                         7(B)       4,551       3,858
        Write down of inventories                                                   7(B)       2,259       2,851
        Reversal of write-down of inventories                                       7(B)        (320)           –
        Government grants released from deferred income                              6            (21)        (21)
        Recognition of loss allowance on trade receivables, net                      6              7          24
        Recognition of loss allowance on other receivables, net                     7(B)            8          21
        Write off on other receivables                                              7(B)            –        666
        Reversal of provision for sales returns                                     7(B)        (760)       (783)

     Operating profit before working capital changes                                         247,619     221,662
      Increase in inventories                                                                (17,997)     (47,213)
      Increase in trade receivables                                                              (587)        (369)
      (Increase)/decrease in other receivables, deposits and prepayments                      (30,693)         872
      Increase in trade payables                                                                2,592        2,651
      Increase/(decrease) in other payables and accruals                                       12,459       (1,879)

     Cash generated from operations                                                          213,393     175,724
      Interest received                                                                         8,529        8,536
      Income tax paid                                                                        (39,887)     (33,373)
      Withholding tax paid                                                                     (4,585)      (4,500)

     Net cash generated from operating activities                                            177,450     146,387




     CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
80
     2 0 2 5 AN N U AL R EPOR T
                          CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



                                                                                  Notes           2025             2024
                                                                                               RMB’000          RMB’000

Investing activities
  Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                      (18,775)         (33,081)
  Withdrawal of non-pledged fixed bank deposits with
    maturity over 3 months but within 1 year                                                    105,000          300,000
  Placement of non-pledged fixed bank deposits with
    maturity over 3 months but within 1 year                                                     (10,000)       (105,000)
  Withdrawal of non-pledged fixed bank deposits with
    maturity over 1 year                                                                         10,000           53,000
  Placement of non-pledged fixed bank deposits with
    maturity over 1 year                                                                        (128,000)       (218,000)
  Payment for purchase of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    21           (160,000)         (80,000)
  Proceeds from sale of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss      21            160,789           10,025
  Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                             32               50

Net cash used in investing activities                                                            (40,954)         (73,006)

Financing activities
  Dividend paid                                                                   23(B)          (89,569)         (89,996)
  Capital element of lease liabilities paid                                       23(B)          (13,208)           (2,433)
  Interest element of lease liabilities paid                                      23(B)             (664)             (611)
  Payment for acquisition of additional interest in a subsidiary                  17(B)                –            (4,445)

Net cash used in financing activities                                                           (103,441)         (97,485)

Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                             33,055           (24,104)

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                    23(A)          41,714           67,381

Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                                       4,970           (1,563)

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                          23(A)          79,739           41,714




The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



                                                                                   CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                              81
                                                                                                   2025 A NNUA L RE P O RT
                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



     1.   GENERAL INFORMATION
          Carpenter Tan Holdings Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 20 June 2006 as an
          exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Law (Chapter 22, Law 3 of 1961, as consolidated and
          revised) of the Cayman Islands and its shares are listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
          (the “Stock Exchange”). The addresses of the Company’s registered office and the principal place of business are
          Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, PO Box 2681, Grand Cayman KY1-1111, Cayman Islands and Type A Factory Building,
          Longbao Shuanghekou, Light Industry Park, Wanzhou District, Chongqing, the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”)
          respectively.

          The functional currency of the Company and its principal subsidiaries in Hong Kong, and its principal subsidiaries in the
          PRC are Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”) respectively. For the purpose of presenting the consolidated
          financial statements, the Group adopted RMB as its presentation currency for easy reference for international investors.

          The Company is an investment holding company and also engaged in the operation of retail shops for direct sale of the
          Group’s products in Hong Kong. The subsidiaries of the Company are principally engaged in (i) design, manufacture and
          distribution of small size wooden handicrafts and accessories, including wooden combs, wooden mirrors, wooden box
          set and other wooden accessories and adornments, under the brand name of “Carpenter Tan”; (ii) the operation of a
          franchise and distribution network primarily in the PRC; and (iii) the operation of retail shops for direct sale of the Group’s
          products in Hong Kong, the PRC and Singapore.


     2.   BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY
          INFORMATION
          a)    Statement of compliance
                These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with all HKFRS Accounting
                Standards, which collective term includes all individual Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong
                Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and interpretations as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
                Accountants (“HKICPA”), accounting principles generally accepted in Hong Kong and the disclosure requirements
                of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. These consolidated financial statements also comply with the applicable
                disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange. Material accounting
                policy information adopted by the Group are disclosed below.

                The HKICPA has issued certain new and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards which are mandatorily
                effective or available for early adoption for the current accounting period of the Group. Note 3 provides information
                on any changes in accounting policies resulting from initial application of these developments to the extent that
                they are relevant to the Group for the current and prior accounting periods reflected in these consolidated financial
                statements.




     CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
82
     2 0 2 5 AN N U AL R EPOR T
                          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



2.   BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY
     INFORMATION (Continued)
     b)   Basis of preparation of the consolidated financial statements
          The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025 comprise the Company and its
          subsidiaries (together referred to as the “Group”).

          Items included in the financial statements of each entity in the Group are measured using the currency of the
          primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”). The consolidated financial
          statements are presented in RMB, rounded to the nearest thousand except for per share data.

          The measurement basis used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements is the historical cost basis
          except for the investment properties and financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”) are stated at their
          fair value as explained in the accounting policies set out below.

          The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with HKFRS Accounting Standards requires
          management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported
          amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on
          historical experience and various other factors believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results
          of which form the basis of making the judgements about carrying amounts of assets and liabilities not readily
          apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

          The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates
          are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period
          of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

          Judgements made by management in the application of HKFRS Accounting Standards that have a significant
          effect on the consolidated financial statements and major sources of estimation uncertainty are discussed in note 4.

     c)   Subsidiaries And Non-ContRolling Interests
          Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it has power over the entity, it
          is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those
          returns through its power over the entity. When assessing whether the Group has power, only substantive rights
          (held by the Group and other parties) are considered. The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an entity if
          facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of the elements of control.

          When the Group has less than a majority of the voting rights of an investee, it has power over the investee when
          the voting rights are sufficient to give it the practical ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee unilaterally.
          The Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether or not the Group’s voting rights in
          an investee are sufficient to give it power, including:

          •     the size of the Group’s holding of voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of holdings of the other
                vote holders;

          •     potential voting rights held by the Group, other vote holders or other parties;

          •     rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and

          •     any additional facts and circumstances that indicate that the Group has, or does not have, the current
                ability to direct the relevant activities at the time that decisions need to be made, including voting patterns at
                previous shareholders’ meetings.


                                                                                        CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                              83
                                                                                                        2025 A NNUA L RE P O RT
                             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



     2.   BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY
          INFORMATION (Continued)
          c)   Subsidiaries And Non-ContRolling Interests (Continued)
               An investment in a subsidiary is consolidated into the consolidated financial statements from the date that control
               commences until the date that control ceases. Intra-group balances, transactions and cash flows and any
               unrealised profits arising from intra-group transactions are eliminated in full in preparing the consolidated financial
               statements. Unrealised losses resulting from intra-group transactions are eliminated in the same way as unrealised
               gains but only to the extent that there is no evidence of impairment.

               Non-controlling interests represent the equity in a subsidiary not attributable directly or indirectly to the Company,
               and in respect of which the Group has not agreed any additional terms with the holders of those interests which
               would result in the Group as a whole having a contractual obligation in respect of those interests that meets the
               definition of a financial liability.

               Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position within equity, separately
               from equity attributable to the owners of the Company. Non-controlling interests in the results of the Group are
               presented on the face of the consolidated statement of profit or loss and the consolidated statement of profit or
               loss and other comprehensive income as an allocation of the total profit or loss and total comprehensive income
               for the year between non-controlling interests and the owners of the Company. Total comprehensive income of
               subsidiaries is attributed to the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in
               the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance. Loans from holders of non-controlling interests and other
               contractual obligations towards these holders are presented as financial liabilities in the consolidated statement of
               financial position.

               Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity
               transactions, whereby adjustments are made to the amounts of controlling and non-controlling interests within
               consolidated equity to reflect the change in relative interests, but no adjustments are made to goodwill and no
               gain or loss is recognised. Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted,
               and the fair value of the consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to owners of
               the Company.

               In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less impairment
               losses (see note 2(H)(II)).

          d)   Property, plant and equipment
               The following items of property, plant and equipment, other than construction in progress, are stated at cost less
               accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (see note 2(G)(II)):

               –     interests in leasehold land and buildings where the Group is the registered owner of the property interest (see
                     note 2(E));

               –     right-of-use assets arising from leases over leasehold properties where the Group is not the registered
                     owner of the property interest; and

               –     items of plant and equipment, including right-of-use assets arising from leases of underlying plant and
                     equipment (see note 2(E)).




     CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
84
     2 0 2 5 AN N U AL R EPOR T
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



2.   BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY
     INFORMATION (Continued)
     d)   Property, plant and equipment (Continued)
          Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost of items of property, plant and equipment, other than construction
          in progress, less their estimated residual value, if any, using the straight-line method over their estimated useful
          lives as follows:

          Buildings                                  Over the shorter of the estimated useful lives and the unexpired
                                                        lease terms, being no more than 50 years
                                                        after the date of completion
          Leasehold improvements                     Over the unexpired lease terms
          Plant and equipment                        5 to 10 years
          Furniture and fixtures                     5 to 6 years
          Motor vehicles                             5 to 6 years

          Construction in progress represents buildings, leasehold improvements, and plant and equipment on which
          construction work has not been completed. It is carried at cost which includes construction expenditures
          and other direct costs less any impairment losses. On completion, construction in progress is transferred to
          the appropriate categories of property, plant and equipment at cost less accumulated impairment losses. No
          depreciation is provided for construction in progress until they are completed and available for use.

          If an item of property, plant and equipment becomes an investment property because its use has changed as
          evidenced by the end of owner-occupation, any difference between the carrying amount and the fair value of that
          item at the date of transfer is recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in property revaluation
          reserve. On the subsequent sale or retirement of the asset, the relevant revaluation reserve will be transferred
          directly to retained profits.

          Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate,
          only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the
          cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of any component accounted for as a separate
          asset is derecognised when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance are recognised in profit or loss during the
          reporting period in which they are incurred.

          Gain or loss arising from the retirement or disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as
          the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the item and is recognised in profit
          or loss on the date of retirement or disposal.

          Buildings in the course of construction for production, supply or administrative purposes are carried at cost,
          less any recognised impairment loss. Costs include any costs directly attributable to bringing the asset to the
          location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management and,
          for qualifying assets, borrowing costs capitalised in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy. Items may
          be produced while bringing an item of property, plant and equipment to the location and condition necessary for
          it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management. The proceeds from selling any such items
          and the related costs are recognised in profit or loss. The cost of those items is measured in accordance with the
          measurement requirements of HKAS 2 Inventories (“HKAS 2”). Depreciation of these assets, on the same basis as
          other property assets, commences when the assets are ready for their intended use.




                                                                                CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                 85
                                                                                                2025 A NNUA L RE P O RT
                             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



     2.   BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY
          INFORMATION (Continued)
          e)   Leased assets
               At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or
               contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in
               exchange for consideration. Control is conveyed where the customer has both the right to direct the use of the
               identified asset and to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from that use.

               (i)   As a lessee

                     For a contract that contains lease component(s) and non-lease component(s), the Group allocates the
                     consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-alone price of
                     the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components. Non-lease
                     components are separated from lease component(s) and are accounted for by applying other applicable
                     standards.

                     At the lease commencement date, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability, except for
                     short-term leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less. The lease payments associated with those
                     leases which are not capitalised are recognised as an expense on a systematic basis over the lease term.

                     Where the lease is capitalised, the lease liability is initially recognised at the present value of the lease
                     payments (less any lease incentives receivable) payable over the lease term, discounted using the interest
                     rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, using a relevant incremental borrowing
                     rate. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or rate are not included in the measurement
                     of the lease liability and hence are charged to profit or loss in the accounting period in which they are
                     incurred.

                     Lease payments also include amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value
                     guarantees; the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise the option;
                     and payments of penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising an option
                     to terminate the lease.

                     After initial recognition, the lease liability is measured at amortised cost and interest expense is calculated
                     using the effective interest method.

                     The right-of-use asset recognised when a lease is capitalised is initially measured at cost, which comprises
                     the initial amount of the lease liability plus any lease payments made at or before the commencement date
                     less any lease incentives received, and any initial direct costs incurred. Where applicable, the cost of the
                     right-of-use assets also includes an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or
                     to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located, discounted to their present value, and is
                     reduced by any lease incentives received. Except for that which is classified as investment property and
                     measured at fair value, right-of-use asset is subsequently stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and
                     impairment losses and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.

                     If the lease transfers ownership of the underlying asset to the Group by the end of the lease term or if
                     the cost of the right-of-use asset reflects that the Group will exercise a purchase option, the Group shall
                     depreciate the right-of-use asset from the commencement date to the end of the useful life of the underlying
                     asset. Otherwise, the Group shall depreciate the right-of-use asset from the commencement date to the
                     earlier of the end of the useful life of the right-of-use asset or the end of the lease term.


     CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
86
     2 0 2 5 AN N U AL R EPOR T
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



2.   BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY
     INFORMATION (Continued)
     e)   Leased assets (Continued)
          (i)   As a lessee (Continued)

                When the Group obtains ownership of the underlying leased asset at the end of the lease term, upon
                exercising purchase option, the cost of the relevant right-of-use asset and the related accumulated
                depreciation and impairment loss are transferred to the appropriate category of property, plant and
                equipment.

                The initial fair value of refundable rental deposits is accounted for separately from the right-of-use assets in
                accordance with the accounting policy applicable to financial asset measured at amortised cost (see notes
                2(G)(I) and 2(R)(III)). Any difference between the initial fair value and the nominal value of the deposits is
                accounted for as additional lease payments made and is included in cost of right-of-use assets.

                The Group presents right-of-use assets, that do not meet the definition of investment property, as a
                separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position. Right-of-use assets that meet the
                definition of investment property are presented within “investment properties”.

                The lease liability is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in an
                index or rate used to determine those payments, or there is a change in the Group’s estimate of the amount
                expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee, by discounting the revised lease payments using
                an unchanged discount rate, unless the change in lease payments results from a change in floating interest
                rates. In that case, the lessee shall use a revised discount rate that reflects changes in the interest rate.
                When there is a change arising from the reassessment of whether the Group will be reasonably certain
                to exercise a purchase, extension or termination option, the lease liability is remeasured by discounting
                the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate, being the interest rate implicit in the lease for
                the remainder of the lease term, or the relevant group entity’s incremental borrowing rate at the date of
                reassessment, if the interest rate implicit in the lease cannot be readily determined. When the lease liability
                is remeasured in either of these ways, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the
                right-of-use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been
                reduced to zero.

                The lease liability is also remeasured when there is a change in the scope of a lease or the consideration for
                a lease that is not originally provided for in the lease contract (“lease modification”) and that is not accounted
                for as a separate lease. In this case, the consideration in the modified contract is allocated to each lease
                component on the basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-
                alone price of non-lease components. The lease liability is remeasured based on the revised lease payments
                and lease term using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.

                The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial
                position. In the consolidated statement of financial position, the current portion of long-term lease liabilities
                is determined as the present value of contractual payments that are due to be settled within twelve months
                after the reporting period.




                                                                                  CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                     87
                                                                                                  2025 A NNUA L RE P O RT
                             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



     2.   BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY
          INFORMATION (Continued)
          e)   Leased assets (Continued)
               (ii) As a lessor
                     When the Group acts as a lessor, it determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease or
                     an operating lease. A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all the risks and rewards
                     incidental to the ownership of an underlying assets to the lessee. If this is not the case, the lease is classified
                     as an operating lease. Initial direct costs attributable to finance lease are included in the initial measurement
                     of the net investment in the lease. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease
                     are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset, and such costs are recognised as an expense on a
                     straight-line basis over the lease term except for investment properties measured under fair value model.

                     When a contract contains lease and non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the
                     contract to each component on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. The rental income from operating
                     leases is recognised in accordance with note 2(R)(IV).

                     Refundable rental deposits received are accounted for under HKFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value.
                     Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments from lessees.

                     When the Group is an intermediate lessor, the sub-lease is classified as a finance lease or as an operating
                     lease with reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head lease. If the head lease is a short-term
                     lease to which the Group applies the exemption described in note 2(E)(I), then the Group classifies the
                     sub-lease as an operating lease.

                     Changes in considerations of lease contracts that were not part of the original terms and conditions are
                     accounted for as lease modifications, including lease incentives provided through forgiveness or reduction
                     of rentals. The Group accounts for a modification to an operating lease as a new lease from the effective
                     date of the modification, considering any prepaid or accrued lease payments relating to the original lease as
                     part of the lease payments for the new lease. For rent concession under which the Group legally releases
                     the lessee from its obligation to make specifically identified lease payments, of which some of these lease
                     payments are contractually due but not paid and some of them are not yet contractually due, the Group
                     accounts for the portions which have been recognised as operating lease receivables (i.e. the lease
                     payments which are contractually due but not paid) by applying the ECL and derecognition requirements
                     under HKFRS 9 and applies lease modification requirements for the forgiven lease payments that the Group
                     has not recognised (i.e. the lease payments which are not yet contractually due) as at the effective date of
                     modification.

          f)   Investment properties
               Investment properties are land and/or buildings which are owned or held under a leasehold interest (see note 2(E))
               to earn rental income and/or for capital appreciation. These include land held for a currently undetermined future
               use and property that is being constructed or developed for future use as investment property.

               Investment properties also include leased properties which are being recognised as right-of-use assets and
               subleased by the Group under operating leases.

               Investment properties are stated at fair value. Any gain or loss arising from a change in fair value or from the
               retirement or disposal of an investment property is recognised in profit or loss. Rental income from investment
               properties is accounted for as described in note 2(R)(IV).




     CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
88
     2 0 2 5 AN N U AL R EPOR T
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



2.   BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY
     INFORMATION (Continued)
     G)   Credit losses and impairment of assets
          (i)   Credit losses from financial instruments

                The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses (ECLs) on the following items:

                —     financial assets measured at amortised cost (including bank deposits, cash and bank balances, trade
                      receivables, other receivables and deposits which are held within an business model for the collection
                      of contractual cash flows which represent solely payments of principal and interest).

                Other financial assets measured at fair value, including financial assets at FVPL, are not subject to the ECL
                assessment.

                Measurement of ECLs

                ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses over the expected life of the financial instrument.
                Credit losses are measured as the present value of all expected cash shortfalls (i.e. the difference between
                the cash flows due to the Group in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects
                to receive).

                The expected cash shortfalls are discounted using the following discount rates where the effect of
                discounting is material:

                —     fixed-rate financial assets, trade and other receivables: effective interest rate determined at initial
                      recognition or an approximation thereof;

                —     variable-rate financial assets: current effective interest rate.

                The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over which the
                Group is exposed to credit risk.




                                                                                    CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                89
                                                                                                    2025 A NNUA L RE P O RT
                             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



     2.   BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY
          INFORMATION (Continued)
          G)   Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)
               (i)   Credit losses from financial instruments (Continued)

                     Measurement of ECLs (Continued)

                     In measuring ECLs, the Group takes into account reasonable and supportable information that is available
                     without undue cost or effort. This includes information about past events, current conditions and forecasts
                     of future economic conditions.

                     ECLs are measured on either of the following bases:

                     —     12-month ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from possible default events within the
                           12 months after the reporting date; and

                     —     lifetime ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from all possible default events over the
                           expected life of a financial instrument.

                     Loss allowances for trade receivables and lease receivables are always measured at an amount equal to
                     lifetime ECLs. ECLs on trade receivables are estimated using a provision matrix/internal credit rating based
                     on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors and an
                     assessment of both the current and forecast general economic conditions at the reporting date. For a lease
                     receivable, the cash flows used for determining the ECL is consistent with the cash flows used in measuring
                     the lease receivable in accordance with HKFRS 16.

                     For all other financial instruments, the Group recognises a loss allowance equal to 12-month ECLs unless
                     there has been a significant increase in credit risk of the financial instrument since initial recognition, in which
                     case the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.

                     Significant increases in credit risk

                     In assessing whether the credit risk of a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial
                     recognition, the Group compares the risk of default occurring on the financial instrument assessed at the
                     reporting date with that assessed at the date of initial recognition.

                     In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has
                     increased significantly since initial recognition:

                     —     failure to make payments of principal or interest on their contractually due dates;

                     —     an actual or expected significant deterioration in a financial instrument’s external or internal credit
                           rating (if available);

                     —     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor; and

                     —     existing or forecast changes in the technological, market, economic or legal environment that have a
                           significant adverse effect on the debtor’s ability to meet its obligation to the Group;



     CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
90
     2 0 2 5 AN N U AL R EPOR T
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



2.   BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY
     INFORMATION (Continued)
     G)   Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)
          (i)   Credit losses from financial instruments (Continued)
                Significant increase in credit risk (Continued)

                —     an actual or expected internal credit rating downgrade for the borrower;

                —     an actual or expected significant change in the operating results of the borrower;

                —     significant increases in credit risk on other financial instruments of the same borrower;

                —     significant changes in the value of the collateral supporting the obligation or in the quality of third-party
                      guarantees or credit enhancements, which are expected to reduce the borrower’s economic incentive
                      to make scheduled contractual payments or to otherwise have an effect on the probability of a default
                      occurring;

                —     significant changes in the expected performance and behaviour of the borrower.

                The Group presumes that the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual
                payments are more than 30 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information
                that demonstrates otherwise.

                Depending on the nature of the financial instruments, the assessment of a significant increase in credit risk
                is performed on either an individual basis or a collective basis. When the assessment is performed on a
                collective basis, the financial instruments are grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics, such as
                past due status and credit risk ratings.

                Definition of default

                For internal credit risk management, the Group considers that a default event occurs when (i) the borrower
                is unlikely to pay its credit obligations to the Group in full, without recourse by the Group to actions such
                as realising security (if any is held); or (ii) the financial asset is 90 days past due unless the Group has
                reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more
                appropriate. The Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and
                supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue
                cost or effort.

                Measurement and recognition of ECL

                The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude of
                the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default and
                loss given default is based on historical data and forward-looking information. Estimation of ECL reflects an
                unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined with the respective risks of default occurring
                as the weights. The Group uses a practical expedient in estimating ECL on trade receivables using a
                provision matrix taking into consideration historical credit loss experience and forward looking information
                that is available without undue cost or effort.




                                                                                  CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                      91
                                                                                                  2025 A NNUA L RE P O RT
                             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



     2.   BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY
          INFORMATION (Continued)
          G)   Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)
               (i)   Credit losses from financial instruments (Continued)
                     Measurement and recognition of ECL (Continued)

                     ECLs are remeasured at each reporting date to reflect changes in the financial instrument’s credit risk since
                     initial recognition. Any change in the ECL amount is recognised as an impairment gain or loss in profit or
                     loss. The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss for all financial instruments with a corresponding
                     adjustment to their carrying amount, with the exception of trade receivables, other receivable and deposits
                     where the corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance account.

                     Basis of calculation of interest income

                     Interest income recognised in accordance with note 2(R)(III) is calculated based on the gross carrying
                     amount of the financial asset unless the financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is
                     calculated based on the amortised cost (i.e. the gross carrying amount less loss allowance) of the financial
                     asset.

                     Credit-impaired financial assets

                     At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether a financial asset is credit-impaired. A financial asset is
                     credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows
                     of the financial asset have occurred.

                     Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the following observable events:

                     —     significant financial difficulties of the debtor;

                     —     a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

                     —     the lender of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s financial
                           difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession that the lender would not otherwise consider;

                     —     it becoming probable that the borrower will enter into bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation;

                     —     significant changes in the technological market, economic or legal environment that have an adverse
                           effect on the debtor;

                     —     the purchase or origination of a financial asset at a deep discount that reflects the incurred credit
                           losses; or

                     —     the disappearance of an active market for a security because of financial difficulties of the issuer.




     CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
92
     2 0 2 5 AN N U AL R EPOR T
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



2.   BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY
     INFORMATION (Continued)
     G)   Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)
          (i)   Credit losses from financial instruments (Continued)
                Write-off policy

                The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off (either partially or in full) to the extent that there is
                no realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case when the Group determines that the debtor does
                not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts subject
                to the write-off. Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s
                recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate.

                Subsequent recoveries of an asset that was previously written off are recognised as a reversal of impairment
                in profit or loss in the period in which the recovery occurs.

          (ii) Impairment of non-financial assets

                Intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life are tested annually for impairment, or more frequently
                if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be impaired. Other assets are tested for
                impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be
                recoverable.

                Internal and external sources of information are reviewed at the end of each reporting period to identify
                indications that the following assets may be impaired or an impairment loss previously recognised no longer
                exists or may have decreased:

                —     property, plant and equipment, including right-of-use assets;

                —     intangible assets; and

                —     investments in subsidiaries in the Company’s statement of financial position.

                If any such indication exists, the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated.

                —     Calculation of recoverable amount

                      The recoverable amount of an asset is the greater of its fair value less costs of disposal and value in
                      use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value
                      using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and
                      the risks specific to the asset. Where an asset does not generate cash inflows largely independent of
                      those from other assets, the recoverable amount is determined for the smallest group of assets that
                      generates cash inflows independently (i.e. a cash-generating unit). A portion of the carrying amount of
                      a corporate asset (for example, head office building) is allocated to an individual cash-generating unit
                      if the allocation can be done on a reasonable and consistent basis, or to the smallest group of cash-
                      generating units if otherwise.




                                                                                     CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                          93
                                                                                                     2025 A NNUA L RE P O RT
                              NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



     2.   BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY
          INFORMATION (Continued)
          G)   Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)
               (ii) Impairment of non-financial assets (Continued)
                     —     Recognition of impairment losses

                           An impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss whenever the carrying amount of an asset, or
                           the cash-generating unit to which it belongs, exceeds its recoverable amount. Impairment losses
                           recognised in respect of cash-generating units are allocated first to reduce the carrying amount
                           of any goodwill allocated to the cash-generating unit (or group of units) and then, to reduce the
                           carrying amount of the other assets in the unit (or group of units) on a pro rata basis, except that the
                           carrying value of an asset will not be reduced below its individual fair value less costs of disposal (if
                           measurable) or value in use (if determinable).

                     —     Reversal of impairment losses

                           An impairment loss is reversed if there has been a favourable change in the estimates used to
                           determine the recoverable amount.

                           A reversal of an impairment loss is limited to the asset’s carrying amount that would have been
                           determined had no impairment loss been recognised in prior years. Reversals of impairment losses
                           are credited to profit or loss in the year in which the reversals are recognised.

               (iii) Interim financial reporting and impairment
                     Under the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, the
                     Group is required to prepare an interim financial report in compliance with HKAS 34, Interim Financial
                     Reporting, in respect of the first six months of the financial year. At the end of the interim period, the Group
                     applies the same impairment testing, recognition, and reversal criteria as it would apply at the end of the
                     financial year.

          H) Inventories
               Inventories are assets which are held for sale in the ordinary course of business, in the process of production for
               such sale or in the form of materials or supplies to be consumed in the production process or in the rendering of
               services.

               Inventories are carried at the lower of cost and net realisable value.

               Cost is calculated using the weighted average cost formula and comprises all costs of purchase, costs of
               conversion and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition.

               Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs
               of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale. Costs necessary to make the sale include
               incremental costs directly attributable to the sale and non-incremental costs which the Group must incur to make
               the sale.

               When inventories are sold, the carrying amount of those inventories is recognised as an expense in the period in
               which the related revenue is recognised.

               The amount of any write-down of inventories to net realisable value and all losses of inventories are recognised
               as an expense in the period the write-down or loss occurs. The amount of any reversal of any write-down of
               inventories is recognised as a reduction in the amount of inventories recognised as an expense in the period in
               which the reversal occurs.



     CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
94
     2 0 2 5 AN N U AL R EPOR T
                         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



2.   BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY
     INFORMATION (Continued)
     I)   Trade and other receivables
          A receivable is recognised when the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration. A right to receive
          consideration is unconditional if only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due. If
          revenue has been recognised before the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration, the amount is
          presented as a contract asset.

          Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component are initially measured at their transaction
          price. Trade receivables that contain a significant financing component and other receivables are initially measured
          at fair value plus transaction costs. All receivables are subsequently stated at amortised cost, using the effective
          interest method, less allowance for ECL (see note 2(G)(I)).


     J)   Trade and other payables
          Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition, trade and other
          payables are stated at amortised cost unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which case they are
          stated at invoice amounts.

     K)   Cash and cash equivalents
          Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand, demand deposits with banks and other financial
          institutions, and short-term, highly liquid investments readily convertible into known amounts of cash and which
          are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, having been within three months of maturity at acquisition.
          Bank overdrafts that are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the Group’s cash management
          are also included as a component of cash and cash equivalents for the purpose of the consolidated cash flow
          statement. Cash and cash equivalents are assessed for ECLs in accordance with the policy set out in note 2(G)(I).

          Cash at bank excludes bank balances that are subject to regulatory restrictions that result in such balances
          no longer meeting the definition of cash. Bank balances for which use by the Group is subject to third party
          contractual restrictions are included as part of cash unless the restrictions result in a bank balance no longer
          meeting the definition of cash. Contractual restrictions affecting use of bank balances are disclosed in note 23.

     L)   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
          Other financial assets represented unlisted wealth management product investments which are classified as FVPL.
          These investments are recognised/derecognised on the date the Group commits to purchase/sell the investments
          or they expire. The investments are initially stated at fair value, which is their transaction price excluding transaction
          costs which are recognised directly in profit or loss, unless fair value can be more reliably estimated using valuation
          techniques whose variables include only data from observable markets. At the end of each reporting period the
          fair value is remeasured. Changes in the fair value of the investments (including interest) are recognised in profit or
          loss.

          For an explanation of how the Group determine fair value of financial instruments, see note 31(c).




                                                                                   CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                       95
                                                                                                   2025 A NNUA L RE P O RT
                             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



     2.   BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY
          INFORMATION (Continued)
          (M) Derecognition of financial assets
               The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset
               expire or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset
               to another entity. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership
               and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognises its retained interest in the asset and an
               associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards
               of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group continues to recognise the financial asset and also
               recognises a collateralised borrowing for the proceeds received.

               On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s carrying
               amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss.

          (N) Derecognition of financial LIABILITIES
               The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged,
               cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised and
               the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.

          O) Employee benefits
               (i)   Short-term employee benefits and contributions to defined contribution
                     retirement plans

                     Salaries, annual bonuses, paid annual leave, contributions to defined contribution plans and the cost of non-
                     monetary benefits are accrued in the year in which the associated services are rendered by employees.
                     Where payment or settlement is deferred and the effect would be material, these amounts are stated at their
                     present values.

                     The employees of the Group in the PRC are members of a state-managed retirement benefit plan operated
                     by the municipal government of the PRC where a group entity operates. The Group are required to
                     contribute a specified percentage of payroll costs to the retirement benefits scheme to fund the benefits.
                     The only obligation of the Group with respect to the retirement benefit plan is to make the specified
                     contributions.

                     The Group also operates a Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (the “MPF scheme”) under the Hong Kong
                     Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for employees employed under the jurisdiction of the Hong
                     Kong Employment Ordinance. The MPF scheme is a defined contribution retirement plan administered by
                     independent trustees. Under the MPF scheme, the employer and its employees are each required to make
                     contributions to the plan at 5% of the employees’ relevant income, subject to a cap of monthly relevant
                     income of HK$30,000. Contributions to the plan vest immediately.

               (ii) Termination benefits

                     Termination benefits are recognised at the earlier date when the Group can no longer withdraw the offer of
                     those benefits or when it recognises restructuring costs involving the payment of termination benefits.




     CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
96
     2 0 2 5 AN N U AL R EPOR T
                         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



2.   BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY
     INFORMATION (Continued)
     O) Employee benefits (Continued)
          (iii) Defined Benefit Plan Obligations

                The Group has a defined benefit plan, representing long service payment (“LSP”) under the Hong Kong
                Employment Ordinance. The Group’s net defined benefit obligation is measured by discounting the
                estimated cost to the Group of the benefit that employees have earned in return for their service in the
                current and prior periods, after deducting the negative service cost arising from the accrued benefits derived
                from the Group’s MPF contributions that have been vested with employees, which are deemed to be
                contributions from the relevant employees.

     P)   Income tax
          Income tax for the year comprises current tax and movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities. Current tax
          and movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that they
          relate to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case the relevant amounts
          of tax are recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.

          Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or
          substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous
          years.

          Deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from deductible and taxable temporary differences respectively, being the
          differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and their tax
          bases. Deferred tax assets also arise from unused tax losses and unused tax credits.

          Apart from certain limited exceptions, all deferred tax liabilities, and all deferred tax assets to the extent that it
          is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the asset can be utilised, are recognised.
          Future taxable profits that may support the recognition of deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary
          differences include those that will arise from the reversal of existing taxable temporary differences, provided those
          differences relate to the same taxation authority and the same taxable entity, and are expected to reverse either
          in the same period as the expected reversal of the deductible temporary differences or in periods into which a
          tax loss arising from the deferred tax asset can be carried back or forward. The same criteria are adopted when
          determining whether existing taxable temporary differences support the recognition of deferred tax assets arising
          from unused tax losses and credits, that is, the entity has sufficient taxable temporary differences relating to the
          same taxation authority and the same taxable entity, which will result in taxable amounts against which the unused
          tax losses or unused tax credits can be utilised before they expire.

          The limited exceptions to recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities are:

          —     temporary differences arising from goodwill not deductible for tax purposes,

          —     temporary differences arising from the initial recognition of assets or liabilities that affect neither accounting
                nor taxable profit (provided they are not part of a business combination) and do not give rise to equal taxable
                and deductible temporary differences,




                                                                                  CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                     97
                                                                                                  2025 A NNUA L RE P O RT
                              NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



     2.   BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY
          INFORMATION (Continued)
          P)   Income tax (Continued)
               —     temporary differences relating to investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures to the extent that
                     the Group controls the timing of the reversal and it is probable that the differences will not reverse in the
                     foreseeable future, or in the case of deductible differences, unless it is probable that they will reverse in the
                     future, and

               —     temporary differences related to income taxes arising from tax laws enacted or substantively enacted
                     to implement the Pillar Two model rules published by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and
                     Development.

               Where investment properties are carried at their fair value in accordance with the accounting policy set out in
               note 2(F), the amount of deferred tax recognised is measured using the tax rates that would apply on sale of
               those assets at their carrying value at the reporting date unless the properties are depreciable and are held
               within a business model whose objective is to consume substantially all of the economic benefits embodied in
               the properties over time, rather than through sale. In all other cases, the amount of deferred tax recognised is
               measured based on the expected manner of realisation or settlement of the carrying amount of the assets and
               liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period. Deferred tax assets
               and liabilities are not discounted.

               The carrying amount of a deferred tax asset is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and is reduced to the
               extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow the related tax benefit to
               be utilised. Any such reduction is reversed to the extent that it becomes probable that sufficient taxable profits will
               be available.

               Additional income taxes that arise from the distribution of dividends are recognised when the liability to pay the
               related dividends is recognised.

               Current tax balances and deferred tax balances, and movements therein, are presented separately from each
               other and are not offset. Current tax assets are offset against current tax liabilities, and deferred tax assets against
               deferred tax liabilities, if the Group has the legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax
               liabilities and the following additional conditions are met:

               —     in the case of current tax assets and liabilities, the Group intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise
                     the asset and settle the liability simultaneously; or

               —     in the case of deferred tax assets and liabilities, if they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation
                     authority on either:

                     —      the same taxable entity; or

                     —      different taxable entities which, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax
                            liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered, intend to realise the current tax assets and
                            settle the current tax liabilities on a net basis or realise and settle simultaneously.




     CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
98
     2 0 2 5 AN N U AL R EPOR T
                         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



2.   BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY
     INFORMATION (Continued)
     P)   Income tax (Continued)
          In assessing any uncertainty over income tax treatments, the Group considers whether it is probable that a
          taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment. If it is probable that the taxation authority will accept
          an uncertain tax treatment, the Group shall determine the taxable profit (tax loss), tax bases, unused tax losses,
          unused tax credits or tax rates consistently with the tax treatment used or planned to be used by a group entity
          in its income tax filings. If it is not probable that the taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment, the
          Group shall reflect the effect of uncertainty in determining the related taxable profit (tax loss), tax bases, unused
          tax losses, unused tax credits or tax rates, by using either the most likely amount method or the expected value
          method, depending on which method the Group expects to better predict the resolution of the uncertainty.

     Q) Provisions, contingent liabilities and onerous contracts
          (i)   Provisions and Contingent liabilities

                Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation arising as a result
                of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation
                and a reliable estimate can be made. Where the time value of money is material, provisions are stated at the
                present value of the expenditure expected to settle the obligation.

                Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be
                estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of
                economic benefits is remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence
                or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the Group is also
                disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.

                Where some or all of the expenditure required to settle a provision is expected to be reimbursed by another
                party, a separate asset is recognised for any expected reimbursement that would be virtually certain. The
                amount recognised for the reimbursement is limited to the carrying amount of the provision.

          (ii) Onerous contracts

                An onerous contract exists when the Group has a contract under which the unavoidable costs of meeting
                the obligations under the contract exceed the economic benefits expected to be received from the contract.
                The cost of fulfilling a contract comprises the costs that relate directly to the contract, which consist of both
                the incremental costs of fulfilling that contract (e.g., direct labour and materials); and an allocation of other
                costs that relate directly to fulfilling contracts – for example, an allocation of the depreciation charge for an
                item of property, plant and equipment used in fulfilling that contract. Provisions for onerous contracts are
                measured at the present value of the lower of the expected cost of terminating the contract and the net cost
                of fulfilling with the contract.


     R)   Revenue and other income
          Income is classified by the Group as revenue when it arises from the sale of goods, the provision of services or
          rental income from operating leases of the Group’s investment properties under leases in the ordinary course of
          the Group’s business.




                                                                                  CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                     99
                                                                                                  2025 A NNUA L RE P O RT
                               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



      2.   BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY
           INFORMATION (Continued)
           R)   Revenue and other income (Continued)
                In determining whether the Group acts as a principal or as an agent, it considers whether it obtains control of the
                products or services before they are transferred to the customers. Control refers to the Group’s ability to direct the
                use of and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from the products or services. When the Group acts
                as an agent, it recognises revenue in the amount of any fee or commission to which it expects to be entitled in
                exchange for arranging for the specified goods or services to be provided by the other party.

                Revenue is recognised when control over a product or service is transferred to the customers, or the lessee has
                the right to use the asset, at the amount of promised consideration to which the Group is expected to be entitled,
                excluding those amounts collected on behalf of third parties. Revenue excludes value added tax or other sales
                taxes and is after deduction of any trade discounts.

                Further details of the Group’s revenue and other income recognition polices are as follows:

                (I)    Sale of goods

                       Revenue is recognised when the customer accepts and takes the control of the products. Revenue
                       represented the sales value of goods sold less returns, discounts, rebates and value added tax (“VAT”).

                       Customers are generally required to make payments for orders prior to delivery of goods. Credit terms
                       within 30 days are granted to those customers with high credibility. The Group takes advantage of the
                       practical expedient in paragraph 63 of HKFRS 15 and does not adjust the consideration for any effects of a
                       significant financing component as the period of financing is 12 months or less.

                       The Group typically offers customers the right to return the eligible products for a period of 7 days to
                       1 year upon customer acceptance. Such rights of return give rise to variable consideration. The Group
                       uses an expected value approach to estimate variable consideration based on the Group’s current and
                       future performance expectations and all information that is reasonably available. This estimated amount is
                       included in the transaction price to the extent it is highly probable that a significant reversal in the amount of
                       cumulative revenue recognised will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration
                       is subsequently resolved. At the end of each reporting period, the Group updates the estimated transaction
                       price (including updating its assessment of whether an estimate of variable consideration is constrained)
                       to represent faithfully the circumstances present at the end of the reporting period and the changes in
                       circumstances during the reporting period. A provision for sales return is recognised for the expected
                       returns. The Group updates the measurement of the provision for sales return at the end of each reporting
                       period for changes in expectations about the amount of refunds and recognises corresponding adjustments
                       as revenue. A right to recover returned goods and corresponding adjustment to cost of sales are also
                       recognised for the right to recover products from customers. This right to recover returned goods is
                       measured at the former carrying amount of the inventory less any expected costs to recover goods (including
                       potential decreases in the value of the returned goods). At the end of each reporting period, the Group
                       updates the measurement of the asset arising from changes in expectations about products to be returned.
                       The asset is separately presented from the provision for sales return.

                (II)   Franchise joining fee income

                       Franchise joining fee income is recognised when the franchise agreements are entered into with franchise
                       shops.




      CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
100
      2 0 2 5 AN N U AL R EPOR T
                          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



2.   BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY
     INFORMATION (Continued)
     R)   Revenue and other income (Continued)
          (III)   Interest income

                  Interest income is recognised as it accrues under the effective interest method using the rate that exactly
                  discounts estimated future cash receipts through the expected life of the financial asset to the gross carrying
                  amount of the financial asset. For financial assets (other than purchased or originated credit-impaired financial
                  assets) measured at amortised cost that are not credit-impaired, the effective interest rate is applied to the
                  gross carrying amount of the asset. For credit-impaired financial assets, the effective interest rate is applied to
                  the amortised cost (i.e. gross carrying amount net of loss allowance) of the asset.

          (IV)    Rental income from operating leases

                  Rental income from operating leases is recognised on a straight-line basis over the period of the relevant
                  leases.

          (V)     Value-Added Tax (“VAT”) refund

                  Value-Added Tax (“VAT”) refund is recognised as income when the Group’s rights to receive the VAT refund
                  has been established.

          (VI)    Government grants

                  Government grants are recognised when there is reasonable assurance that they will be received and
                  that the Group will comply with the conditions attaching to them. Grants that compensate the Group for
                  expenses or losses already incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group
                  with no future related costs are recognised as income in profit or loss of the period in which it becomes
                  receivable. Grants that compensate the Group for the cost of an asset are recognised as deferred income in
                  the consolidated statement of financial position and transferred to profit or loss on a systematic and rational
                  basis over the useful life of the related asset.

     S)   Translation of foreign currencies
          Foreign currency transactions during the year are translated at the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction
          dates. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the foreign exchange
          rates ruling at the end of the reporting period. Exchange gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss, except
          the exchange differences on monetary items receivable from or payable to a foreign operation for which settlement
          is neither planned nor likely to occur (therefore forming part of the net investment in the foreign operation), which
          are recognised initially in other comprehensive income and reclassified from equity to profit or loss on disposal or
          partial disposal of the Group’s net investment in the foreign operation.

          Non-monetary assets and liabilities measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using
          the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction dates and are not re-translated. The transaction date is the
          date on which the Group initially recognises such non-monetary assets or liabilities. Non-monetary assets and
          liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are stated at fair value are translated using the foreign exchange
          rates ruling at the date the fair value was measured. When a fair value gain or loss on a non-monetary item is
          recognised in profit or loss, any exchange component of that gain or loss is also recognised in profit or loss. When
          a fair value gain or loss on a non-monetary item is recognised in other comprehensive income, any exchange
          component of that gain or loss is also recognised in other comprehensive income.




                                                                                    CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                        101
                                                                                                    2025 A NNUA L RE P O RT
                                NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



      2.   BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY
           INFORMATION (Continued)
           S)   Translation of foreign currencies (Continued)
                The results of operations in foreign currencies outside the PRC are translated into RMB at the average exchange
                rates for the period, unless exchange rates fluctuate significantly during that period, in which case the foreign
                exchange rates ruling at the dates of the transactions are used. Items in the statement of financial position are
                translated into RMB at the foreign exchange rates ruling at the end of the reporting period. The resulting exchange
                differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated separately in the currency translation
                reserve.

                The functional currency of the Company is Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”). For the purpose of presenting the
                consolidated financial statements, the Group adopted RMB as its presentation currency for easy reference for
                international investors. Exchange differences relating to the retranslation of the Group’s net assets in HK$ to the
                Group’s presentation currency (RMB) are recognised directly in other comprehensive income and accumulated in
                currency translation reserve. Such exchange differences accumulated in the currency translation reserve are not
                reclassified to profit or loss subsequently.

           T)   Related parties
                (A)   A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person:

                      (I)     has control or joint control over the Group;

                      (II)    has significant influence over the Group; or

                      (III)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group’s parent.

                (B)   An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:

                      (I)     The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent, subsidiary
                              and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).

                      (II)    One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a
                              member of a group of which the other entity is a member).

                      (III)   Both the entity and a subsidiary of the Group are joint ventures of the same third party.

                      (IV)    One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity.

                      (V)     The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an
                              entity related to the Group.

                      (VI)    The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (A).

                      (VII)   A person identified in (A)(I) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                              management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).

                      (VIII) The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel
                             services to the Group or to the Group’s parent.

                      Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or
                      be influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.




      CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
102
      2 0 2 5 AN N U AL R EPOR T
                          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



2.   BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY
     INFORMATION (Continued)
     U)    Segment reporting
           Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the financial statements, are identified
           from the discrete financial information provided regularly to the board of directors, which is the Group’s chief
           operating decision maker (“CODM”), for the purposes of allocating resources to, and assessing the performance
           of, the Group’s various lines of business and geographical locations.

           Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless the segments
           have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of products and services, the nature
           of production processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used to distribute the products or provide
           the services, and the nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments which are not individually material
           may be aggregated if they share a majority of these criteria.

     v)    Share capital
           Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new ordinary shares
           are shown in equity as a deduction from the proceeds. Consideration paid, including any directly attributable
           incremental costs, for purchase of the Company’s ordinary shares is recognised and deducted directly in equity.
           No gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Company’s
           ordinary shares.

3.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HKFRS
     ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
     The Group has applied the following new and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the HKICPA
     to these financial statements for the current accounting period for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the
     Group’s financial annual period beginning on or after 1 January 2025:


     Amendments to HKAS 21                            Lack of Exchangeability

     The Group has not applied any amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards that are not yet mandatorily effective
     for the current accounting period. The application of the new and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards,
     HKASs and guidance from HKICPA in the current year has no material impact on the Group’s financial positions and
     performance for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosure set out in these consolidated financial statements.

     Amendments to HKAS 21 LACK OF EXCHANGEABILITY
     The amendments specify a currency is exchangeable when an entity is able to exchange that currency for the other
     currency through markets or exchange mechanisms that create enforceable rights and obligations without undue delay
     at the measurement date and for a specified purpose. When a currency is not exchangeable at the measurement date,
     an entity estimates the spot exchange rate as the rate that would have applied to an orderly transaction between market
     participants at the measurement date and that would faithfully reflect the prevailing economic conditions.

     When a currency is not exchangeable, an entity discloses information that would enable users of its financial statements
     to evaluate how a currency’s lack of exchangeability affects, or is expected to affect, its financial performance, financial
     position and cash flows.

     The amendments have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements for the current and prior years.




                                                                                  CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                    103
                                                                                                  2025 A NNUA L RE P O RT
                              NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



      4.   ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
           a)   Significant accounting judgement in applying the accounting policies
                In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the following accounting
                judgement:

                (i)   Withholding taxes arising from the distributions of dividends

                      The Group’s determination as to whether to accrue for withholding taxes from the distribution of dividends
                      in the PRC according to the relevant tax jurisdictions is subject to judgement on the timing of the payment
                      of the dividend, where the Group considers that if it is probable that the profits in the PRC will not be
                      distributed in the foreseeable future, no withholding taxes are provided.

                (ii) Deferred taxation on investment properties

                      For the purposes of measuring deferred tax arising from investment properties that are measured using the
                      fair value model, the directors of the Company have reviewed the Group’s investment property portfolios
                      and concluded that the Group’s investment properties are held under a business model whose objective
                      is to consume substantially all of the economic benefits embodied in the investment properties over time.
                      Therefore, in determining the deferred taxation on investment properties, the directors of the Company have
                      determined that the presumption that the carrying amounts of investment properties measured using the fair
                      value model are recovered entirely through sale is rebutted.

                (III) Determining the method to estimate variable consideration and assessing
                      the constraint for the sale of goods

                      As disclosed in Note 2(R)(I), contracts for the sale of goods to franchisees customers include a right of
                      return that give rise to variable consideration. In estimating the variable consideration, the Group is required
                      to use either the expected value method or the most likely amount method based on which method better
                      predicts the amount of consideration to which it will be entitled. The Group determines that the expected
                      value method is the appropriate method to use in estimating the variable consideration for the sale of goods
                      with rights of return, given the large number of customer contracts that have similar characteristics.

                      Before including any amount of variable consideration attributable to right of return in the transaction price,
                      the Group considers whether the amount of variable consideration is constrained. The Group determines
                      that the estimate of variable consideration attributable to right of return is not constrained based on its
                      historical experience.

           b)   Key sources of estimation uncertainty
                The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty
                at the end of the reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying
                amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.

                (i)   Write-down of inventories

                      Inventories are written down to net realisable value based on an assessment of the realisability of
                      inventories. Write-down of inventories are recorded where events or changes in circumstances indicate
                      that the balances may not be realised. The identification of write-down requires the use of judgements and
                      estimates. Where the expectation is different from the original estimate, such difference will impact the
                      carrying value of inventories and write-down of inventories in the period in which such estimate has been
                      changed.



      CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
104
      2 0 2 5 AN N U AL R EPOR T
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



4.   ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Continued)
     b)   Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)
          (ii) Impairment on property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets

                The Group assesses annually whether property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets have any
                indication of impairment. The recoverable amounts of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use
                assets have been determined based on value-in-use or fair value less costs of disposal calculations. These
                calculations require the use of judgements and estimates.

          (iii) Valuation of investment properties

                Investment properties are included in the consolidated statement of financial position at their open market
                value, which is assessed by independent qualified valuers, determined by making reference to comparable
                sales evidence as available in the relevant market or capitalised rents derived from the existing tenancies
                with taking into account reversionary income potential.

                The assumptions adopted in the property valuations are based on the market conditions existing at the end
                of the reporting period, with reference to current market sales prices, market yield and market rents.

          (iv) Depreciation and amortisation

                The Group reviews the estimated useful lives and residual values of the assets regularly in order to determine
                the amount of depreciation and amortisation expenses charged for the year. The useful lives of assets
                are based on the Group’s historical experience with similar assets and taking into account anticipated
                technological changes and product obsolescence. The depreciation and amortisation expenses for future
                periods are adjusted if there are significant changes from previous estimates.

          (v)   Impairment on trade and other receivables

                Allowance for trade and other receivables are assessed and provided based on the Group’s regular review
                of ageing analysis and evaluation of collectibles.

                In considering the allowance that may be required for current receivables, future cash flows need to be
                determined. One of the key assumptions that have to be adopted is about the ability of the debtors to settle
                the receivables. Even though the Group has used all available information to make this estimation, inherent
                uncertainties exist and actual uncollectible amounts may be higher than the amount estimated.

          (vi) VAriable consideration for sales returns

                The franchisees of the Group are allowed (after deducting certain administrative charges, if applicable): (i)
                to exchange or claim a refund for defective products; (ii) to return products previously purchased which are
                in good condition and resaleable upon the termination of the franchise agreement; and (iii) to exchange or
                claim a refund for slow-moving products purchased more than six months but less than one year which
                are in good condition and resaleable. The amount of the products exchanged or refunded by a particular
                franchisee for a year should not exceed 3% of its total purchase for that year (except those returns resulted
                from the termination of the franchise agreements).

                As disclosed in Note 2(R)(I), the Group estimates variable consideration to be included in the transaction
                price for the sale of goods to franchisees customers with right of returns.




                                                                                CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                 105
                                                                                                2025 A NNUA L RE P O RT
                              NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



      4.   ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Continued)
           b)   Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)
                (vi) VAriable consideration for sales returns (Continued)
                      The Group has developed a statistical model for forecasting sales returns. The model uses the historical
                      return data to come up with expected return percentages. These percentages are applied to determine
                      the expected value of the variable consideration. Any significant changes in experience as compared to
                      historical return pattern will impact the expected return percentages estimated by the Group.

                      The Group makes provision for sales returns based on the Group’s past return experience. As the Group
                      is continually upgrading its product designs and launching new models, it is possible that the past return
                      experience is not indicative of future returns. Any increase or decrease in the provision would affect profit or
                      loss.

                      The Group updates its assessment of expected returns annually and the provision for sales return are
                      adjusted accordingly. Estimates of expected returns are sensitive to changes in circumstances and the
                      Group’s past experience regarding returns may not be representative of customers’ actual returns in the
                      future. At 31 December 2025, refund liabilities for provision for sales returns attributable to expected returns
                      amount to RMB1,419,000 (2024: RMB2,179,000).

                (vii) Income tax
                      The Group is subject to income taxes in several jurisdictions. Judgement is required in determining the
                      provision for income taxes. There are transactions and calculations during the ordinary course of business
                      for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is
                      different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will impact the current and deferred
                      income tax provisions in the period in which such determination is made. Deferred income tax liabilities
                      on temporary differences relating to undistributed profits of the Group’s subsidiaries in Mainland China
                      are recognised to the extent that profits are expected to be distributed as the Company controls and pre-
                      determines the dividend policy of these subsidiaries and management expects it is probable that profits
                      will be partly retained and not distributed from these subsidiaries to their foreign holding companies in the
                      foreseeable future. Management reassesses its expectation at each end of the reporting period.

                (viii) Fair value of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
                      Where the fair value of financial assets cannot be derived from active markets, they are determined using
                      valuation techniques including the discounted cash flow model. The inputs to these models are taken from
                      observable markets where possible, but where this is not feasible, a degree of judgement is required in
                      establishing fair values. The judgements include considerations of inputs such as liquidity risk, credit risk
                      and volatility. Changes in assumptions about these factors could affect the reported fair value of financial
                      instruments.

                (IX) Leases – Estimating the incremental borrowing rate
                      The Group cannot readily determine the interest rate implicit in a lease, and therefore, it uses an incremental
                      borrowing rate (“IBR”) to measure lease liabilities. The IBR is the rate of interest that the Group would have
                      to pay to borrow over a similar term, and with a similar security, the funds necessary to obtain an asset of
                      a similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment. The IBR therefore reflects what
                      the Group “would have to pay”, which requires estimation when no observable rates are available (such
                      as for subsidiary that does not enter into financing transactions) or when it needs to be adjusted to reflect
                      the terms and conditions of the lease. The Group estimates the IBR using observable inputs (such as
                      market interest rates) when available and is required to make certain entity-specific estimates (such as the
                      subsidiary’s stand-alone credit rating).


      CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
106
      2 0 2 5 AN N U AL R EPOR T
                          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



5.   REVENUE
     The principal activities of the Group are design, manufacture and distribution of small wooden handicrafts and
     accessories under the brand name of “Carpenter Tan”; the operation of a franchise and distribution network primarily
     in the PRC; and the operation of retail shops for direct sale of the Group’s products in Hong Kong, Singapore and the
     PRC. Revenue represents the considerations to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or
     services within the scope of HKFRS 15.

     Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by sales channels is as follows:

                                                                                                   2025           2024
                                                                                                RMB’000        RMB’000

     Online business
     – Sales of goods                                                                             228,738       209,636

     Offline business
     – Sales of goods                                                                             323,983       290,161
     – Franchise joining fee income                                                                   712         1,179

                                                                                                  324,695       291,340

     Directly-operated outlets
     – Sales of goods                                                                               4,790          4,460

                                                                                                  558,223       505,436


     The Group’s customer base is diversified. No individual customer (2024: nil) had transaction which exceeded 10% of the
     Group’s aggregate revenue for the year ended 31 December 2025.

     The timing of revenue recognition of all revenue from contracts with customers is at a point in time.




                                                                                  CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                              107
                                                                                                  2025 A NNUA L RE P O RT
                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



      6.   OTHER INCOME AND OTHER NET GAIN
                                                                                                                2025                  2024
                                                                                                             RMB’000               RMB’000

           Government grants (note (I))                                                                           3,313                  833
           Government grants released from deferred income (note 27)                                                 21                   21
           Interest income from financial assets measured at amortised cost
              – bank interest income                                                                              7,725               11,757
           PRC VAT refunds (note 8(A)(VI))                                                                      30,898                28,904
           Operating lease rental income from investment properties                                               2,899                 4,743
           Net foreign exchange (loss)/gain                                                                        (124)                     4
           Change in fair value of investment properties (note 15)                                               (2,700)               (7,470)
           Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                        (15)                 (331)
           Loss of allowance on trade receivables                                                                    (7)                   (24)
           Change in fair value of financial assets at
              fair value through profit or loss (note 21)                                                           669                  816
           Others                                                                                                 2,366                3,203

                                                                                                                45,045                42,456


           Note:


           (I)     In 2025, among the government grants, approximately RMB3,313,000 (2024: approximately RMB833,000) was for the PRC
                   subsidiaries of the Group. It was the funding support mainly from Chongqing Regulatory Bureau, Ministry of Finance, Chongqing
                   Provincial Human Resources and Social Security Department and the Economic and Information Technology Committee (the
                   “Funds”). The purposes of the Funds are to encourage the involvement in overseas marketing by granting financial assistance
                   to commercial entities who have involved in certain marketing activities outside the PRC; to promote a stable employment
                   environment and prevent unemployment risks by granting financial assistance to commercial entities whose structure, lay
                   off rate, contributions to unemployment insurance meet certain criteria; and to promote the high quality development of the
                   manufacturing industry in the PRC. There are no unfulfilled conditions and other contingencies attaching to these grants.




      CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
108
      2 0 2 5 AN N U AL R EPOR T
                             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



7.   PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION
     Profit before taxation is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                                            2025                      2024
                                                                                                         RMB’000                   RMB’000

     A)      Employee benefits expenses (including directors’ emoluments)

             Salaries and other benefits                                                                   107,251                  95,885
             Contributions to defined contribution retirement scheme                                        12,605                  11,162

             Total staff costs (note (I))                                                                  119,856                 107,047

     B)      Other items

             Auditor’s remuneration
               – audit services                                                                                726                     729
               – non-audit services                                                                            230                     240
             Cost of inventories sold (note (I) and 18)                                                    210,982                 197,383
             Change in fair value of investment properties (note 15)                                         2,700                   7,470
             Depreciation of right-of-use assets (note (I))                                                  4,551                   3,858
             Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (note (I))                                        6,090                   6,273
             Loss allowance on trade receivables (note 19(B))*                                                   7                      24
             Loss allowance on other receivables (note 20(A))                                                    8                      21
             Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                  15                     331
             Loss on derecognition of property, plant and equipment (note 14(A))*                           24,332                       –
             Reversal of provision for sales returns (note 25(A))                                             (760)                   (783)
             Write down of inventories (note 18)                                                             2,259                   2,851
             Write off on other receivables                                                                      –                     666
             Reversal of write-down of inventories (note 18)                                                  (320)                      –

             Gross rental income from investment properties                                                   (2,899)                (4,743)
             Less: Direct outgoings incurred for investment
                     properties that generated rental income during the year                                     438                   679

             Net rental income                                                                                (2,461)                (4,064)


     C)      Finance cost

             Interest on lease liabilities (notes 14(B) and 23(B))                                               664                   611

     Note:

     (I)     Cost of inventories includes approximately RMB73,037,000 (2024: RMB65,686,000) relating to staff costs and depreciation,
             which are included in the respective total amounts disclosed separately above.


     *       These items are included in “other operating expenses” on the face of the consolidated statement of profit or loss.




                                                                                           CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                               109
                                                                                                           2025 A NNUA L RE P O RT
                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



      8.   INCOME TAX
           A)   Taxation in the consolidated statement of profit or loss represents:

                                                                                                                     2025                  2024
                                                                                                               RMB’000               RMB’000

                Current tax
                 PRC Enterprise Income Tax (notes (I) and (II))                                                   37,965                34,631
                 Hong Kong profits tax (note (IV))                                                                     –                     –
                 Singapore Corporate Income Tax (note (VII))                                                           –                     –
                 Withholding tax on dividends (note (V))
                    – Provision for the year                                                                      10,557                  7,838

                                                                                                                  48,522                42,469

                (Over)/under provision in prior years, net
                  PRC Enterprise Income Tax                                                                        (2,328)                  275


                                                                                                                  46,194                42,744
                Deferred tax
                  Transfer to current tax upon distribution of dividends (note 22(B))                                    –                    –
                  Provision for the year (note 22(B))                                                                 (735)              (1,289)

                Total                                                                                             45,459                41,455


                Notes:


                (I)      On 6 April 2012, the State Administration of Taxation of the PRC (the “SAT”) issued notice No. 12 which specified
                         that enterprises fall under the categories of several other published lists of encouraged business activities prior to the
                         announcement of the list of national encouraged business activities in the western region can apply for the concessionary
                         Enterprise Income Tax rate of 15% from 2011 in accordance with Caishui (2011) No. 58. Such concession will be revoked
                         if the enterprises subsequently do not meet the requirement.


                         On 29 May 2012, Chongqing Carpenter Tan Handicrafts Co., Ltd (“Carpenter Tan”), wholly-owned subsidiary, obtained
                         the approval from Wanzhou Bureau of the State Administration of Taxation under notice No. 12 to enjoy concessionary
                         Enterprise Income Tax rate of 15% from 1 January 2011 to 31 December 2020. On 23 April 2020, the SAT extended the
                         policy from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2030.




      CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
110
      2 0 2 5 AN N U AL R EPOR T
                           NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



8.   INCOME TAX (Continued)
     A)   Taxation in the consolidated statement of profit or loss represents: (Continued)

          Notes: (Continued)


          (II)    The provision for PRC income tax is calculated on the assessable profits of the Group’s subsidiaries incorporated in the
                  PRC at a statutory income tax rate of 25% (2024: 25%) except for Carpenter Tan which is eligible for the income tax
                  concessions according to the preferential tax policies for both years of 2024 and 2025 as stated in note 8(A)(I) above.


          (III)   The Company is incorporated in the Cayman Islands and is exempted from income tax in the Cayman Islands. The
                  Company’s subsidiary established in the British Virgin Islands is exempted from income tax in the British Virgin Islands.


          (IV)    No provision for Hong Kong profits tax has been made for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 as the
                  subsidiaries did not have assessable profits subject to Hong Kong profits tax for both years.


          (V)     Under the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC, with effect from 1 January 2008 onwards, non-resident enterprises
                  without an establishment or place of business in the PRC or which have an establishment or place of business but the
                  relevant income is not effectively connected with the establishment or place of business in the PRC will be subject to
                  withholding income tax at the rate of 10% on various types of passive income such as dividends derived from sources
                  in the PRC. Pursuant to the double tax arrangement between the PRC and Hong Kong effective on 1 January 2007, the
                  withholding income tax rate will be reduced to 5% if the investment by the Hong Kong investor in the investee entities in
                  the PRC is not less than 25%. On 22 February 2008, the SAT approved Caishui (2008) No. 1, pursuant to which dividend
                  distributions out of retained earnings of foreign investment enterprises prior to 31 December 2007 will be exempted from
                  withholding income tax.


                  The Group enjoyed the reduced 5% tax rate prior to 31 December 2013. In 2014, the Group applied again for the
                  reduced rate and was requested to meet certain additional review procedures that were not required in previous years.


                  As at the date of the financial statements, the relevant formalities for the reduced tax rate have been completed. The
                  management consulted with PRC lawyers and assessed that the Group is entitled to 5% withholding income tax rate
                  since 2019.


          (VI)    Pursuant to the notice on preferential tax policies to entities with disabilities issued by the SAT, Ministry of Finance
                  of the PRC that, Carpenter Tan, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, is entitled to income tax concessions on a
                  double deduction of salaries paid to its employees with disabilities, and VAT refund which is equivalent to the number of
                  employees with disabilities multiplied by a specified annual cap amount as determined by the SAT since 24 November
                  2016.


                  The Group recognised the VAT refund in the Group’s consolidated statement of profit or loss on an accrual basis. The
                  amounts of the VAT refunded to the Group during the year are detailed in note 6.


          (VII)   No provision for Singapore Corporate Income tax has been made for the year ended 31 December 2025 as the subsidiary
                  did not have assessable project to Singapore Corporate Income tax for the year ended 31 December 2025.




                                                                                        CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                              111
                                                                                                        2025 A NNUA L RE P O RT
                               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



      8.   INCOME TAX (Continued)
           B)    Reconciliation between tax expense and accounting profit at applicable tax rates:

                                                                                                        2025             2024
                                                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000

                 Profit before taxation                                                               216,486          212,934

                 Tax charge at domestic tax rates applicable to profits in the
                    countries concerned                                                                53,993           52,461
                 Tax effect of non-deductible expenses                                                   8,308            1,540
                 Tax effect of non-taxable incomes                                                      (4,082)          (3,291)
                 Effect of tax concessions granted to subsidiaries
                    (note 8(A)(VI))                                                                    (6,622)          (5,501)
                 Effect of concessionary tax rate enjoyed by subsidiaries
                    (note 8(A)(I))                                                                    (13,399)         (12,335)
                 Unrecognised temporary differences                                                       (743)               (3)
                 Unrecognised tax losses                                                                    20             506
                 Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses                                        (245)             (35)
                 Withholding tax on dividends (note 8(A)(V))                                           10,557            7,838
                 (Over)/under provision in prior years                                                  (2,328)            275

                 Income tax expense                                                                    45,459           41,455


      9.   DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS
           Directors’ emoluments disclosed pursuant to section 383(1) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the
           Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation are as follows:

           For the year ended 31 December 2025

                                                                    Salaries,
                                                                  allowance                 Retirement
                                                  Directors’    and benefits Discretionary     scheme
           Name of director                            fees          -in-kind       bonus contributions                 Total
                                                  RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000                  RMB’000

           Executive directors
             Mr. Tan Chuan Hua                            88               65              134                –            287
             Mr. Tan Di Fu                                88                –                –                –             88
             Mr. Luo Hongping                             88              219              527               42            876
             Mr. Tan Lizi (note 9(B))                     81              430                8               47            566
             Ms. Liu Kejia (note 9(B))                    81              201              495               48            825

           Independent non-
             executive directors
             Mr. Chau Kam Wing, Donald                   132                 –                –                   –        132
             Ms. Liu Liting                               88                 –                –                   –         88
             Mr. Yang Tiannan (note 9(C))                 73                 –                –                   –         73
             Dr. Wong Kong Tin (note 9(D))                15                 –                –                   –         15

                                                         734              915            1,164              137          2,950




      CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
112
      2 0 2 5 AN N U AL R EPOR T
                             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



9.   DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2024

                                                                        Salaries,
                                                                      allowance                            Retirement
                                                    Directors’      and benefits      Discretionary           scheme
     Name of director                                    fees            -in-kind            bonus       contributions           Total
                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000

     Executive directors
       Mr. Tan Chuan Hua                                    88                 65               134                 –               287
       Mr. Tan Di Fu                                        88                  –                 –                 –                88
       Mr. Luo Hongping                                     88                219               530                42               879

     Independent non-
       executive directors
       Mr. Chau Kam Wing, Donald                           132                   –                  –                –              132
       Ms. Liu Liting                                       88                   –                  –                –               88
       Mr. Yang Tiannan                                     88                   –                  –                –               88

                                                           572                284               664                42             1,562


     The executive directors’ emoluments were for their services in connection with the management of the affairs of the
     Company and the Group.

     The independent non-executive directors’ emoluments were for their services as directors of the Company.

     Notes:


     A)       No emoluments were paid or payable by the Group to the directors and chief executive as an inducement to join or upon joining
              the Group for both years. None of the directors waived or agreed to waive any emoluments for the years ended 31 December
              2025 and 2024.


     B)       Mr. Tan Lizi and Ms. Liu Kejia were appointed as executive directors on 1 February 2025.


     C)       Mr. Yang Tiannan resigned as independent non-executive director on 31 October 2025.


     D)       Dr. Wong Kong Tin appointed as independent non-executive director on 1 November 2025.




                                                                                          CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                              113
                                                                                                          2025 A NNUA L RE P O RT
                               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



      10. INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS
           The five highest paid individuals of the Group during the year included three director (2024: one) of the Company whose
           emoluments are disclosed in note 9 above. Details of the aggregate emoluments paid by the Group to the remaining two
           (2024: four) non-director individuals during the year are as follows:


                                                                                                      2025                2024
                                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000

           Salaries and other emoluments                                                                  232                612
           Bonus                                                                                          754              1,453
           Retirement scheme contributions                                                                 48                139

                                                                                                        1,034              2,204


           The emoluments of the two (2024: four) individuals (who are not directors of the Company) with the highest emoluments
           are within the following band:


                                                                                                        2025                2024
                                                                                                  Number of           Number of
                                                                                                  individuals         individuals

           Nil up to HK$1,000,000 (equivalent to RMB920,000 (2024: RMB923,000))                             2                   4


           No emoluments were paid by the Group to these individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as
           compensation for loss of office for both years.


      11. SEGMENT REPORTING
           Operating segments are identified on the basis of internal reports which provide information about the components of
           the Group. This information is reported to and reviewed by the board of directors, which is the chief operating decision
           maker of the Group, for the purpose of resources allocation and performance assessment.

           Management considers the business from a product perspective and assesses its performance based on revenues
           derived from a broad range of sales of wooden handicrafts and accessories. Over 90% of the Group’s revenue, results
           and assets are derived from a single segment which is manufacture and sales of wooden handicrafts and accessories.
           No segment information is presented accordingly.


           The Group’s revenue and results from operations mainly derived from activities in the PRC. Activities outside the PRC
           are insignificant. The principal assets of the Group are located in the PRC. Accordingly, no geographical information is
           provided.


           Major customers
           No analysis of the Group’s revenue and contribution from operations by major customers has been presented as there
           are no transactions with a single external customer equal to or greater than 10% of the Group’s total revenue.




      CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
114
      2 0 2 5 AN N U AL R EPOR T
                       NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



12. DIVIDENDS
  i)    Dividends payable to owners of the Company attributable to the year
                                                                                                   2025                 2024
                                                                                                RMB’000              RMB’000

        Final dividend of HK38.31 cents, equivalent to RMB34.44 cents
           per ordinary share (2024: HK36.63 cents, equivalent to
           RMB34.43 cents) proposed after the end of the reporting period
           (Note I)                                                                                85,657               85,632


        Note I:


        The Directors recommend the payment of a final dividend of HK38.31 cents, equivalent to RMB34.44 cents per ordinary share,
        totaling RMB85,657,000. This dividend is to be approved by the shareholders of the Company at the Annual General Meeting
        scheduled to be held on Friday, 22 May 2026. These financial statements do not reflect this recommended dividends.


  ii)   Dividends payable to owners of the Company attributable to the
        previous financial year, approved and paid during the year
                                                                                                   2025                 2024
                                                                                                RMB’000              RMB’000

        Final dividend in respect of the financial year ended 31 December
           2024, approved and paid during the current year, of HK36.63
           cents, equivalent to RMB32.93 cents per ordinary share (2024: in
           respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2023, approved
           and paid during the year ended 31 December 2024, of HK38.64
           cents, equivalent to RMB36.18 cents per ordinary share)                                 89,569               89,996




                                                                                 CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                     115
                                                                                                 2025 A NNUA L RE P O RT
                              NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



      13. BASIC AND DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE
           a)   Basic earnings per share
                The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on the following profit attributable to owners of the Company
                and weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding:

                (i)   Profit attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                                                     2025                2024
                                                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000

                      Earnings used in calculating basic earnings per share                         171,027            171,366


                (ii) Weighted average number of ordinary shares

                                                                                                    Number of shares

                                                                                                       2025                2024
                                                                                                       ’000                 ’000

                      Weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding                        248,714            248,714


           b)   Diluted earnings per share
                Diluted earnings per share for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 was the same as the basic earnings
                per share as there was no dilutive potential shares in issue during the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.




      CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
116
      2 0 2 5 AN N U AL R EPOR T
                           NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
  A)   Property, plant and equipment
                                     Buildings    Leasehold       Plant and   Furniture and       Motor     Construction
                                      (Note I) improvements      equipment          fixtures    vehicles     in progress      Total
                                     RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000
       Cost:
       At 1 January 2024               42,894        16,183         28,951           13,602       1,874          52,624      156,128

       Additions                            –           118            609              536         282           31,536      33,081
       Disposals                            –             –           (922)            (316)       (142)               –       (1,380)
       Transfer                        39,025         6,161          2,647            3,680           –          (51,513)           –
       Exchange differences                 –            14              –                –           –                –           14

       At 31 December 2024 and
         1 January 2025                81,919        22,476         31,285           17,502       2,014           32,647     187,843
       Additions                            –          1,840           495              785           53          15,602       18,775
       Derecognised for the year      (33,556)        (3,677)         (354)            (624)           –               –      (38,211)
       Disposals                            –               –         (620)            (113)         (55)              –         (788)
       Transfer                        39,559          1,170         1,158            1,264            –         (43,151)            –
       Exchange differences                 –             (34)           –                4            –               –           (30)

       At 31 December 2025             87,922        21,775         31,964           18,818       2,012           5,098      167,589

       Accumulated depreciation
       At 1 January 2024               12,813         8,026         17,346           10,639       1,379                –      50,203
       Charge for the year              1,488           869          1,846            1,950         120                –       6,273
       Eliminated on disposals              –             –           (562)            (309)       (128)               –        (999)
       Exchange differences                 –            11              –                –           –                –          11

       At 31 December 2024 and
          1 January 2025               14,301          8,906        18,630           12,280       1,371                –      55,488
       Charge for the year              1,817            982         1,916            1,265         110                –       6,090
       Eliminated on derecognition    (11,471)        (1,725)         (203)            (480)           –               –     (13,879)
       Eliminated on disposals              –               –         (587)            (102)         (52)              –        (741)
       Exchange differences                 –             (19)           –                –            –               –          (19)

       At 31 December 2025              4,647         8,144         19,756           12,963       1,429                –      46,939

       Carrying amounts
       At 31 December 2025             83,275        13,631         12,208            5,855         583           5,098      120,650

       At 31 December 2024             67,618        13,570         12,655            5,222         643          32,647      132,355


       Note I:


       Included in buildings is a property located in Jurong, Jiangsu, with a carrying amount of approximately RMB22,085,000 (2024:
       RMB23,384,000) as at 31 December 2025. The Group purchased the property from 蘇州建興置業有限公司 (the “developer”) in
       2013. The Group has fully paid the cost of the buildings but at the end of the reporting period, the Group has not obtained the
       ownership certificate yet. The Group has litigations against the developer these years. Since the year ended 31 December 2021,
       the developer was under liquidation procedure.




                                                                                      CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                          117
                                                                                                      2025 A NNUA L RE P O RT
                                NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



      14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
                Note I: (Continued)


                During the year, the Group received the civil ruling issued by the Jiangsu Higher People’s Court (the “Jiangsu Higher Court”)
                dated 29 December 2025 (the “Final Ruling”). The Final Ruling represents the exhaustion of the ordinary judicial appeal process
                in the PRC. Based on the assessment by the management of the Group and with reference to the legal opinion from PRC legal
                advisor, there is no further possibility of appeal against the Final Ruling through the standard court hierarchy.


                Based on the above, the management derecognised buildings and related property, plant and equipment with carrying amount
                of approximately RMB24,332,000 at 31 December 2025.


           b)   Right-of-use assets
                The analysis of the net book value of right-of-use assets by class of underlying asset is as follows:

                                                                                          Notes                2025                  2024
                                                                                                            RMB’000               RMB’000
                Ownership interests in leasehold land held for
                 own use, carried at cost less depreciation                                 (I)                22,751                23,165

                Other leasehold land and buildings leased for own use,
                  carried at cost less depreciation                                         (II)               30,800                13,068


                                                                                                               53,551                36,233


                The analysis of expense items in relation to leases recognised in profit or loss is as follows:

                                                                                                               2025                  2024
                                                                                                            RMB’000               RMB’000
                Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets by class of underlying asset:
                Ownership interests in leasehold land held for own use                                             970                  828

                Other leasehold land and buildings leased for own use                                            3,581                3,030

                                                                                                                 4,551                3,858


                Interest on lease liabilities (note 7(C))                                                          664                  611
                Expense relating to short-term leases                                                               84                   85
                Variable lease payments not included in the measurement of lease utilities                         202                  139




      CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
118
      2 0 2 5 AN N U AL R EPOR T
                       NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
   b)   Right-of-use assets (Continued)
        During the year, additions to right-of-use assets were approximately RMB21,974,000 (2024: RMB1,616,000). This
        amount primarily related to the capitalised lease payments payable under new tenancy agreements for new leases.

        The total cash outflow for leases is set out in note 23(C).

        The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is set out in note 30(B)(IV).

        (i)   Ownership interests in leasehold land held for own use

              The Group holds several leasehold land and industrial buildings for its manufacture of small size wooden
              handicrafts and accessories business, where its manufacturing facilities are primarily located. The Group
              is the registered owner of these property interests, including the whole or part of undivided share in the
              underlying land. Lump sum payments were made upfront to acquire these property interests from their
              previous registered owners, and there are no ongoing payments to be made under the terms of the land
              lease, other than payments based on rateable values set by the relevant government authorities. These
              payments vary from time to time and are payable to the relevant government authorities.

              Included in right-of-use assets is land use rights of a piece of land in Chongqing City Wanzhou District (the
              “Land”) having carrying amount of approximately RMB5,257,000 (2024: RMB5,418,000) as at 31 December
              2025. On 11 May 2011 萬州經濟技術開發區土地儲備中心 issued a notice to Carpenter Tan for the
              resumption of the Land. The Group originally intended to erect a production complex on the Land.

              On 8 February 2012, Carpenter Tan received another notice from 萬州經濟技術開發區土地儲備中心,
              informing the Group that the Land will be resumed by the municipal government due to town planning
              and the Group will be compensated through an exchange with another piece of land. On 24 August 2017,
              the government officially announced that the Company could start to use the land as industrial purpose.
              The management has started to plan for a production complex on the land since 1 September 2017. The
              management expects that the fair value of the land will not be lower than the carrying amount of the land.
              The Group has commenced the development on the Land during the prior year, there is no material adverse
              effect on the business operation and financial position of the Group.




                                                                                   CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                              119
                                                                                                   2025 A NNUA L RE P O RT
                              NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



      14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
           b)   Right-of-use assets (Continued)
                (ii) Other LEASEHOLD LAND AND BUILDINGS leased for own use

                      The Group has obtained the right to use other properties as its warehouses and retail stores through
                      tenancy agreements. The retail stores leases typically run for an initial period of 1 to 3 years. Lease
                      payments are usually increased every year to reflect market rentals.

                      During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group leased a number of retail stores which
                      contain variable lease payment terms that are based on sales generated from the retail stores and minimum
                      annual lease payment terms that are fixed. These payment terms are common in retail stores in Hong Kong
                      and Singapore where the Group operates. The amount of fixed and variable lease payments recognised in
                      profit or loss for the year is summarised below:


                                                                                                 2025
                                                                                   Fixed           Variable               Total
                                                                              payments           payments            payments
                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000

                      Retail stores – Hong Kong                                    1,602                183              1,785
                      Retail stores – Singapore                                      149                 19                168


                                                                                                 2024
                                                                                  Fixed            Variable              Total
                                                                               payments           payments           payments
                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000

                      Retail stores – Hong Kong                                    1,511                139              1,650


                      In addition, the Group has obtained the right to use certain land to construct a production complex through
                      tenancy agreements which run for an initial period of 18 years. Lease payments are usually increased every
                      few years to reflect market rentals.

                      Lease liabilities of RMB20,774,000 are recognised with related right-of-use assets of RMB30,880,000
                      at 31 December 2025 (2024: lease liabilities of RMB12,114,000 and related right-of-use assets of
                      RMB13,068,000). The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests
                      in the leased assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing
                      purposes.




      CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
120
      2 0 2 5 AN N U AL R EPOR T
                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



15. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
                                                                                                               RMB’000

  Fair value
    At 1 January 2024                                                                                             91,570
    Net fair value loss recognised in profit or loss (note 6)                                                      (7,470)

    At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                                                                        84,100
    Net fair value loss recognised in profit or loss (note 6)                                                      (2,700)

    At 31 December 2025                                                                                           81,400


  The Group leases out certain commercial and residential property units under operating leases. The leases typically run
  for an initial period of 1 to 6 years (2024: 1 to 6 years). Lease payments are fixed over the lease terms.

  The Group is not exposed to foreign currency risk as a result of the lease arrangements, as all leases are denominated
  in the respective functional currencies of group entities. The lease contracts do not contain residual value guarantee and
  lessees’ options to purchase the properties at the end of lease terms.

  a)    Fair value measurement of properties
        (i)   Fair value hierarchy

              The following table presents the fair value of the Group’s properties measured at the end of the reporting
              period on a recurring basis, categorised into the three-level fair value hierarchy as defined in HKFRS 13 Fair
              value measurement. The level into which a fair value measurement is classified is determined with reference
              to the observability and significance of the inputs used in the valuation technique as follows:

              •     Level 1 valuations: Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs, that is, unadjusted quoted prices in
                    active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date.

              •     Level 2 valuations: Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs, that is, observable inputs which fail to
                    meet Level 1, and not using significant unobservable inputs. Unobservable inputs are inputs for which
                    market data are not available.

              •     Level 3 valuations: Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs.




                                                                              CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                               121
                                                                                              2025 A NNUA L RE P O RT
                              NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



      15. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
           a)   Fair value measurement of properties (Continued)
                (i)   Fair value hierarchy (Continued)


                                                          Fair value at              Fair value measurements as at
                                                         31 December               31 December 2025 categorised into
                                                                  2025              Level 1         Level 2        Level 3
                                                             RMB’000              RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000

                      Recurring fair value
                         measurement
                      Investment properties:
                         – Residential – PRC                      4,300                     –                    –             4,300
                         – Commercial – PRC                      77,100                     –                    –            77,100


                                                           Fair value at              Fair value measurements as at
                                                          31 December               31 December 2024 categorised into
                                                                   2024             Level 1          Level 2          Level 3
                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000

                      Recurring fair value
                         measurement
                      Investment properties:
                         – Residential – PRC                      4,300                     –                    –             4,300
                         – Commercial – PRC                      79,800                     –                    –            79,800


                      During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, there were no transfers between Level 1 and Level
                      2, or transfers into or out of Level 3. The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers between levels of the fair
                      value hierarchy as at the end of the reporting period in which they occur.

                      All of the Group’s investment properties were revalued as at 31 December 2025 and 2024. The valuation
                      was carried out by Cushman & Wakefield Limited, independent qualified professional valuers not connected
                      with the Group. Cushman & Wakefield Limited has among its employee members of the Hong Kong Institute
                      of Surveyors who have appropriate qualifications and recent experience in the valuation of similar properties
                      in the relevant locations. The fair values were determined by using Direct Comparison Approach or Income
                      Capitalisation Approach, by capitalising the rent derived from the existing tenancies with taking into account
                      reversionary income potential. The financial controller has discussion with the valuers on the valuation
                      assumptions and valuation results as at 31 December 2025 and 2024.

                      In estimating the fair value of the properties, the highest and best use of the properties is their current use.




      CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
122
      2 0 2 5 AN N U AL R EPOR T
                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



15. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
   a)   Fair value measurement of properties (Continued)
        (ii) Information about Level 3 fair value measurements

            Investment
            properties           Valuation techniques             Unobservable input                                Range

            Residential – PRC    Direct Comparison Approach       (Discount)/premium to transaction               -5% – 4%
                                                                    price (including but not limited to    (2024: 0% – 5%)
                                                                    location, size and layout/design
                                                                    of property)

            Commercial – PRC     Income Capitalisation Approach   Market yield, taking into account of                7.5%
                                                                   the capitalisation of rental income         (2024: 7.5%)
                                                                   potential, nature of the property
                                                                   and prevailing market condition

                                                                  Monthly market rent per square          RMB79 – RMB231
                                                                   meter, taking into account of            (2024: RMB80 –
                                                                   factors such as location condition,             RMB238)
                                                                   size of property and layout/design

            The fair value of investment properties located in the PRC is determined by using Direct Comparison
            Approach by making reference to comparable sales evidence as available in the relevant market or, if
            applicable, Income Capitalisation Approach, by capitalising the rent derived from the existing tenancies with
            taking into account reversionary income potential. The fair value measurement is positively correlated to the
            adjusted transaction price and negatively correlated to the market yield.




                                                                                  CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                              123
                                                                                                  2025 A NNUA L RE P O RT
                              NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



      15. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
           a)   Fair value measurement of properties (Continued)
                (ii) Information about Level 3 fair value measurements (Continued)

                      There were no transfers into or out of Level 3 during the year. The movements during the year in the balance
                      of these Level 3 fair value measurements are as follows:

                                                                                          Investment properties
                                                                                Residential     Commercial
                                                                                    – PRC            – PRC                   Total
                                                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000                  RMB’000

                      At 1 January 2024                                                4,870              86,700              91,570
                      Net fair value loss recognised in profit or loss,
                        included in other income and other
                        net gain/loss                                                   (570)             (6,900)              (7,470)

                      At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                           4,300              79,800              84,100

                      Net fair value loss recognised in profit or loss,
                        included in other income and other
                        net gain/loss                                                       –             (2,700)              (2,700)

                      At 31 December 2025                                              4,300              77,100              81,400


                      All the fair value loss recognised in profit or loss for the year arise from the investment properties held at the
                      end of the reporting period.

                      The Group did not change any valuation techniques in determining the Level 3 fair values.



      16. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                                                                         Trademark
                                                                                                                          RMB’000

           Cost
            At 1 January 2024, 31 December 2024, 1 January 2025 and 31 December 2025                                           1,037

           Accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment
             At 1 January 2024, 31 December 2024, 1 January 2025 and 31 December 2025                                          1,037

           Carrying amount
             At 31 December 2025                                                                                                     –

             At 31 December 2024                                                                                                     –


           The trademark represents the trademark previously acquired by the Group and registered in the PRC. Subsequent
           expenditure on internally generated trademarks is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.




      CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
124
      2 0 2 5 AN N U AL R EPOR T
                          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



17. SUBSIDIARIES
   (A)   The following list contains only the particulars of those subsidiaries which principally affect the results, assets and
         liabilities of the Group. The class of shares held, unless otherwise-stated, is ordinary.

                                                         Attributable equity
                                        Place of         interest and voting Issued/registered                       Legal form
                                        incorporation/      power held by    and fully paid-up                       of corporate
         Name of subsidiary             operation           the Company                 capital Principal activities existence
                                                         Directly Indirectly

         Carpenter Tan (BVI) Holdings   British Virgin     100%            –        USD50,000 Investment holding    Private limited
           Group Co., Ltd               Islands/                                                                    liability company
           (“CTBVI”)                    Hong Kong

         Hong Kong Carpenter Tan        Hong Kong              –      100%               HK$1 Retailing sale of     Private limited
           Company Limited                                                                    small size wooden     liability company
           (“CTHK”)                                                                           handicrafts
                                                                                              and accessories

         Carpenter Tan Development      Hong Kong              –      100%          HK$10,000 Retailing sale of     Private limited
           Company Limited                                                                    small size wooden     liability company
           (“CT Development”)                                                                 handicrafts
                                                                                              and accessories

         Chongqing Carpenter            The PRC                –      100% RMB100,000,000 Design, manufacture Wholly foreign-
           Tan Handicrafts Co., Ltd                                                       and distribution     owned enterprise
           (“Carpenter Tan”)                                                              of small size wooden
                                                                                          handicrafts and
                                                                                          accessories and
                                                                                          the operation of
                                                                                          a franchise network

         Beijing Carpenter              The PRC                –      100%     RMB10,000,000 Property investment Domestic
           Tan Handicrafts                                                                                       enterprise
           Company Limited
           (“Beijing Carpenter Tan”)

         Jiangsu Carpenter              The PRC                –      100%     RMB11,000,000 Distribution of        Domestic
            Tan Tourism Development                                                          small size wooden      enterprise
            Company Limited                                                                  handicrafts
            (“Jiangsu Carpenter Tan”)                                                        and accessories
                                                                                             through internet

         Jiangsu Mujianggu Tourism      The PRC                –      100%     USD13,000,000 Distribution of        Wholly foreign-
            Development Company                                                              small size wooden      owned enterprise
            Limited                                                                          handicrafts
            (“Jiangsu Mujianggu”)                                                            and accessories
                                                                                             through internet

         Tan Mujiang                   Singapore               –      100%         SGD80,000 Retailing sale of      Private limited
           Singapore Pte. Ltd.                                                               small size wooden      liability company
           (“Singapore Carpenter Tan”)                                                       handicrafts
                                                                                             and accessories

         None of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities at the end of the year.



                                                                                    CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                        125
                                                                                                    2025 A NNUA L RE P O RT
                               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



      17. SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
           (B)   Equity Transaction with Non-Controlling Shareholder

                 In January 2024, the Group and the non-controlling shareholder entered into an agreement that the non-controlling
                 shareholder would withdraw from Jiangsu Mujianggu and the Group would return the capital of RMB4,445,000
                 originally injected by the non-controlling shareholder. On the same date, the non-controlling shareholder also
                 confirmed that other than its equity interest, it had no other rights and obligations to Jiangsu Mujianggu. The
                 registered capital of Jiangsu Mujianggu would reduce from USD13,684,211 to USD13,000,000 and Jiangsu
                 Mujianggu would become wholly foreign-owned enterprise of the Group. The transaction was completed in late
                 March 2024.

                                                                                                                           RMB’000

                 Consideration                                                                                                  4,445
                 Carrying amount of non-controlling interests acquired                                                         (4,212)

                 Difference debited to other reserves                                                                            233


      18. INVENTORIES
                                                                                                        2025                2024
                                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000

           Raw materials                                                                               234,417                230,711
           Work-in-progress                                                                             29,313                 24,307
           Finished goods                                                                               44,826                 37,480

                                                                                                       308,556                292,498


           The analysis of the amount of inventories recognised as an expense and included in profit or loss is as follows:

                                                                                                        2025                2024
                                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000

           Carrying amount of inventories sold                                                         210,982                197,383
           Write down of inventories                                                                     2,259                  2,851
           Reversal of write-down of inventories                                                          (320)                     –

                                                                                                       212,921                200,234


           The reversal of write-down of inventories arose due to the slow-moving inventories were sold during the year.

           Except for raw materials of RMB166,816,000 (2024: RMB201,224,000) that are expected to be recovered more than
           twelve months after the reporting period, all the other inventories are expected to be recovered within one year.




      CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
126
      2 0 2 5 AN N U AL R EPOR T
                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



19. TRADE RECEIVABLES
   Customers are generally required to make payments for orders prior to delivery of goods. Credit terms within 30 days
   are granted to those customers with high credibility. An ageing analysis of the trade receivables is as follows:

                                                                                              2025               2024
                                                                                           RMB’000            RMB’000

   Trade receivables from contracts with customers                                             7,809              7,222
   Less: Loss allowance (note (B))                                                                (76)               (69)

                                                                                               7,733              7,153


   A)   Ageing analysis of trade receivables, net of loss allowance based on invoice date, which approximates the
        respective revenue recognition date, is as follows:

                                                                                              2025               2024
                                                                                           RMB’000            RMB’000

        0 to 30 days                                                                           3,516              5,617
        31 to 60 days                                                                          1,933                799
        61 to 90 days                                                                          1,238                315
        91 to 180 days                                                                           375                 52
        181 to 365 days                                                                          153                163
        Over 1 year                                                                              518                207

                                                                                               7,733              7,153


   B)   Movements in the loss allowance for trade receivables

        The movements in the loss allowance in respect of lifetime ECL recognised for trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                                              2025               2024
                                                                                           RMB’000            RMB’000

        Opening loss allowance at 1 January                                                       69                  45
        Loss allowance on trade receivables (note 6)                                               7                  24

        Closing loss allowance at 31 December                                                     76                  69


        Loss allowance for trade receivables are considered individually by reference to their ageing and their
        recoverability. The Group does not hold any collateral over these balances.




                                                                             CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                            127
                                                                                             2025 A NNUA L RE P O RT
                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



      20. OTHER RECEIVABLES, DEPOSITS AND PREPAYMENTS
                                                                                                      2025                2024
                                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000

           Other receivables                                                                           7,342               6,515
           Trade and other deposits                                                                    7,759               2,397
           Prepayments                                                                                25,319               2,372
           VAT and other non-income tax recoverable                                                      894                 141

                                                                                                      41,314             11,425
           Less: Loss allowance (note (A))                                                              (153)              (145)

                                                                                                      41,161             11,280

           Representing:
             Current                                                                                  36,702             10,656
             Non-current                                                                               4,459                624

                                                                                                      41,161             11,280


           Except for rental deposits of RMB4,459,000 (2024: RMB624,000) which are expected to be recovered after one year
           from the end of the reporting period, all other deposits, prepayments and other receivables are expected to be recovered
           or recognised as expense within one year.

           A)    Movements in the loss allowance for other receivables are as follows:


                                                                                                        2025               2024
                                                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000

                 Opening loss allowance at 1 January                                                      145                124
                 Loss allowance                                                                             8                 21

                 Closing loss allowance at 31 December                                                    153                 145




      CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
128
      2 0 2 5 AN N U AL R EPOR T
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



21. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
    (“FVPL”)
                                                                                                           2025                   2024
                                                                                                        RMB’000                RMB’000

  Financial assets mandatorily measured at FVPL:
  Principal Guaranteed Wealth Management Products, at fair value
  – maturity within one year                                                                                80,669                 80,791


  During the year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group’s financial assets at FVPL are unlisted investments with
  following movements:

                                                                                                                               RMB’000

  At 1 January 2024                                                                                                                10,000
  Additions                                                                                                                        80,000
  Change in fair value* (note 6)                                                                                                      816
  Disposal                                                                                                                        (10,025)

  At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                                                                                          80,791
  Additions                                                                                                                      160,000
  Change in fair value* (note 6)                                                                                                     669
  Loss on disposal                                                                                                                     (2)
  Disposal                                                                                                                      (160,789)

  At 31 December 2025                                                                                                             80,669


  *     Includes unrealised gains or losses recognised in profit or loss attributable to balances held at the end of the reporting period:


                                                                                                                               RMB’000

        2025                                                                                                                           669
        2024                                                                                                                           791


  The amount represents investment in principal guaranteed wealth management products issued by banks in the
  PRC with expected return ranging from 1.28% to 2.22% per annum (2024: 1.50% to 2.37% per annum). They were
  mandatorily classified as financial assets at FVPL as their contractual cash flows are not solely payments of principal and
  interest.




                                                                                        CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                             129
                                                                                                        2025 A NNUA L RE P O RT
                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



      22. INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL
          POSITION
           A)   Current taxation in the consolidated statement of financial position represents:

                                                                                                                2025                   2024
                                                                                                             RMB’000                RMB’000

                At 1 January                                                                                      38,595              33,724
                Charged to profit or loss (note 8(A))                                                             46,194              42,744
                Exchange difference                                                                                    32                   –
                Tax paid                                                                                         (39,887)            (33,373)
                Tax related to distribution of dividends                                                           (4,585)             (4,500)
                Reclassified from deferred tax upon distribution of dividends                                           –                   –

                At 31 December                                                                                   40,349              38,595

                Representing:
                  Income tax recoverable                                                                              –                   –
                  Income tax payable                                                                             40,349              38,595

                                                                                                                 40,349              38,595


           B)   Deferred tax assets and liabilities recognised:

                The components of deferred tax (assets)/liabilities recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position
                and the movements are as follows:

                                                                               Withholding tax
                                                                                 on dividends
                                                Revaluation         Fair value    arising from
                                                     surplus         changes undistributed
                                                of land and    in investment         profits of   Right-of-use           Lease
                                                  buildings        properties     subsidiaries           asset        liabilities      Total
                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000

                At 1 January 2025                     4,446          11,914                  –          2,964            (2,670)       16,654
                (Credited)/charged to
                  consolidated statement of
                  profit or loss for the year
                  (note 8(A))                             –             (365)                –          1,556            (1,926)         (735)

                At 31 December 2025                   4,446          11,549                  –          4,520            (4,596)       15,919




      CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
130
      2 0 2 5 AN N U AL R EPOR T
                         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



22. INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL
    POSITION (Continued)
  B)   Deferred tax assets and liabilities recognised: (Continued)


                                                                        Withholding tax
                                                                          on dividends
                                       Revaluation         Fair value      arising from
                                            surplus         changes       undistributed
                                       of land and    in investment            profits of      Right-of-use       Lease
                                          buildings       properties       subsidiaries               asset    liabilities      Total
                                         RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000              RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000

       At 1 January 2024                    4,446           13,275                     –             2,542       (2,320)       17,943
       (Credited)/charged to
         consolidated statement of
         profit or loss for the year
         (note 8(A))                             –           (1,361)                   –               422          (350)      (1,289)

       At 31 December 2024                  4,446           11,914                     –             2,964       (2,670)       16,654


       For presentation purposes, certain deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset in the consolidated
       statement of financial position.

  C)   Deferred tax assets not recognised

       The Group has not recognised deferred tax assets in respect of cumulative tax losses of approximately
       RMB55,953,000 (2024: RMB57,153,000) as it is not probable that future taxable profits against which the losses
       can be utilised will be available in the relevant tax jurisdiction and entity. The tax losses will expire in the coming
       one to five years, except for an amount of approximately RMB46,033,000 (2024: RMB48,824,000) which do not
       expire under current tax legislation.

  D)   Deferred tax liabilities not recognised

       Under the EIT Law of PRC, withholding tax is imposed on dividends declared in respect of profits earned by the
       PRC subsidiaries from 1 January 2008 onwards.

       At 31 December 2025, temporary differences relating to the undistributed profits of PRC subsidiaries amounted to
       RMB825,794,000 (2024: RMB709,807,000). Deferred tax liabilities of RMB41,265,000 (2024: RMB35,490,000)
       have not been recognised in respect of the tax that would be payable on the distribution of these retained profits
       as the Company controls the dividend policy of these subsidiaries and it has been determined that it is probable
       that these profits will not be distributed in the foreseeable future.




                                                                                            CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                         131
                                                                                                            2025 A NNUA L RE P O RT
                              NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



      23. CASH AND BANK BALANCES AND OTHER CASH FLOW
          INFORMATION
           A)   cash and bank balances
                                                                                                      2025         2024
                                                                                                   RMB’000      RMB’000

                Cash at banks and on hand                                                            79,739        41,714

                Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated statement of
                  financial position and consolidated cash flow statement                            79,739        41,714

                Non-pledged fixed bank deposits with maturity over three months
                  but within one year                                                                10,000       105,000

                Non-pledged fixed bank deposits with maturity over one year                         336,000       218,000


                Cash at bank earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates.

                The interest rates for non-pledged fixed bank deposits during the year ended 31 December 2025 ranged from
                1.75% to 3.05% (2024: from 2.10% to 3.58%) per annum.

                As at 31 December 2025, the cash and bank balances and non-pledged fixed bank deposits that were placed
                with banks in Mainland China amounted to approximately RMB76,212,000 (2024: RMB36,927,000) and
                RMB346,000,000 (2024: RMB323,000,000), respectively. Remittance of funds out of Mainland China is subject to
                relevant rules and regulations of foreign exchange controls.




      CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
132
      2 0 2 5 AN N U AL R EPOR T
                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



23. CASH AND BANK BALANCES AND OTHER CASH FLOW
    INFORMATION (Continued)
  B)   reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
                                                                     Dividend
                                                                       payable Lease liabilities        Total
                                                                     RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                      (note 25)       (note 26)

       At 1 January 2024                                                 1,812           12,817          14,629
       Changes from financing cash flows                               (89,996)           (3,044)       (93,040)
       Exchange differences                                                 70               114            184
       New leases entered                                                    –             1,616          1,616
       Interest expenses (note 7(C))                                         –               611            611
       Dividend declared in respect of the previous
          financial year (note 12(II))                                  89,996                 –         89,996

       At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                             1,882          12,114          13,996
       Changes from financing cash flows                               (89,569)         (13,872)       (103,441)
       Exchange differences                                              (1,882)           (106)          (1,988)
       New leases entered                                                     –          21,974          21,974
       Interest expenses (note 7(C))                                          –             664              664
       Dividend declared in respect of the previous
          financial year (note 12(II))                                  89,569                 –         89,569

       At 31 December 2025                                                    –          20,774          20,774


  C)   TOTAL CASH FLOWS FOR LEASES
       Amounts included in the consolidated cash flow statement are as follows:

                                                                                         2025            2024
                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000

       Within operating activities                                                          286             224
       Within financing activities                                                       13,872           3,044

                                                                                         14,158           3,268




                                                                          CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                    133
                                                                                          2025 A NNUA L RE P O RT
                                NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



      24. TRADE PAYABLES
           The credit terms granted by the suppliers are generally 30 days. Ageing analysis of trade payables presented based on
           the invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                                               2025          2024
                                                                                                            RMB’000       RMB’000

           0 to 30 days                                                                                          6,295      5,209
           31 to 60 days                                                                                         3,572      3,211
           61 to 90 days                                                                                           844        777
           91 to 180 days                                                                                        1,163        104
           181 to 365 days                                                                                          74         95
           Over 1 year                                                                                             151        111

                                                                                                               12,099       9,507


      25. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS
                                                                                                               2025          2024
                                                                                                            RMB’000       RMB’000

           Dividend payable                                                                                         –         333
           Salary payable                                                                                      21,092      16,746
           Other payables and accruals                                                                         17,624      11,758
           Provision for sales returns (note 25(A))                                                             1,419       2,179
           VAT and other non-income tax payables                                                                3,335         550
           Trade deposits received (note 25(C))                                                                12,207      12,291
           Contract liabilities (note 25(B))                                                                    3,962       3,941

                                                                                                               59,639      47,798


           All other payables and accruals are expected to be settled within one year or are payable on demand.

           (A)   A reconciliation of the refund liabilities classified as provision for sales returns is as follows:

                                                                                                               2025          2024
                                                                                                            RMB’000       RMB’000

                 At 1 January                                                                                    2,179      2,962
                 Reversal for the year (note 7(B))                                                                (760)      (783)

                 At 31 December                                                                                  1,419      2,179


                 The provision for sales returns is determined by the Group using its accumulated historical experience to estimate
                 the expected total sales returns for the year less the actual sales returns already taken place using the expected
                 value method. The franchisees of the Group are allowed to return eligible products under certain conditions listed
                 in note 4(B)(VI).

                 At the point of sale, a refund liability and a corresponding adjustment to revenue is recognised for those sales
                 returns.


      CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
134
      2 0 2 5 AN N U AL R EPOR T
                       NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



25. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS (Continued)
   (B)   Customers are generally required to make payments for orders prior to delivery of goods. When the Group
         receives a deposit before the delivery of goods, this will give rise to contract liability.

         The Group classifies the contract liabilities as current because the Group expects to settle them within its normal
         operating cycle, and all contract liabilities are expected to be recognised as income within one year.

         The significant changes in contract liabilities for the year ended 31 December 2024 year are due to an increase
         in overall franchisees customers. There was no significant changes in contract liabilities for the year ended 31
         December 2025.

         Movements in contract liabilities

                                                                                               2025                2024
                                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000

         Balance at 1 January                                                                   3,941               3,952
         Decrease in contract liabilities as a result of recognising revenue
           during the year that was included in the contract liabilities at the
           beginning of the period                                                              (3,941)            (3,952)
         Increase in contract liabilities as a result of receipts in advance
           from franchisees                                                                     3,962               3,941

         Balance at 31 December                                                                 3,962               3,941


         For the Group’s contract liabilities from contracts with customers, there is no revenue recognised in the year
         ended 31 December 2025 from performance obligations satisfied (or partially satisfied) in previous periods (2024:
         RMB nil).

   (C)   Trade deposits received are mainly the deposits received from the Group’s franchisees as a security deposit upon
         entering into the franchise agreements with the Group. The balances are repayable to the franchisees upon the
         termination of the franchise agreements.

26. LEASE LIABILITIES
   At 31 December 2025, the lease liabilities are payable as follows:

                                                                                               2025                2024
                                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000


   Within 1 year                                                                                2,943               2,161

   After 1 year but within 2 years                                                              1,497               2,013
   After 2 years but within 5 years                                                            10,376               1,391
   After 5 years                                                                                5,957               6,549

                                                                                               17,830               9,953

                                                                                               20,773             12,114


   The incremental borrowing rates applied to lease liabilities range from 3.1% to 5.6% (2024: 3.1% to 5.6%).
                                                                              CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                               135
                                                                                              2025 A NNUA L RE P O RT
                               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



      27. DEFERRED INCOME
           Deferred income represents government grants received by the Group. The grants aimed to subsidise the Group for
           purchasing certain property, plant and equipment. Government grants are recognised as income over the useful lives
           of the relevant assets. During the year, the grants were spent for its intended purpose and the deferred income of
           RMB21,000 (2024: RMB21,000) was released to other income and other net gain (note 6).


      28. SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                 Number of                               Amount
                                                                                    shares              Amount      equivalent to
                                                                                                          HK$               RMB

           Ordinary shares of HK$0.01
           Authorised:
             At 1 January 2024, 31 December 2024,
               1 January 2025 and 31 December 2025                         10,000,000,000          100,000,000        87,926,000

           Issued and fully paid:
              At 1 January 2024, 31 December 2024,
                1 January 2025 and 31 December 2025                            248,714,000            2,487,140        2,189,160


           (a) Authorised share capital
                All shares rank pari passu in respect of voting rights, dividends and distribution of net assets.

           (b) Capital management
                The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern
                while maximising the return to stakeholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance. The Group’s
                overall strategy remains unchanged over the year.

                The directors of the Company review the capital structure periodically. The Group considers the cost of capital
                and risks associated with the capital and will balance its overall capital structure through new share issues of the
                Company, distribution of dividends, repayment of debts as well as the raising of new debts.

                The Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements.

                Neither the Company nor any of the Company’s subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s
                listed securities during both years.




      CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
136
      2 0 2 5 AN N U AL R EPOR T
                              NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



29. RESERVES
   The Group
   The capital and reserves of the Group are set out in the “Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity”.

   The Company
                                                                              Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                             Currency
                                                                  Share    translation             Other
                                                               premium        reserve           reserves     Retained profits       Total
                                                               RMB’000      RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                (note A)      (note F)           (note D)

   At 1 January 2024                                            110,503        (7,940)              (196)             24,883     127,250

   Profit for the year                                                –             –                  –              82,102       82,102
   Exchange differences on translation from
     functional currency to presentation currency                     –        4,891                   –                    –       4,891

   Total comprehensive income for the year                            –        4,891                   –              82,102       86,993
   Dividends approved in respect of the
     previous year (note 12)                                          –             –                  –              (89,569)    (89,569)

   At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                       110,503        (3,049)              (196)             17,416     124,674

   Profit for the year                                                –             –                  –              82,595       82,595
   Exchange differences on translation from
     functional currency to presentation currency                     –        1,498                   –                    –       1,498

   Total comprehensive income for the year                            –        1,498                   –              82,595       84,093
   Dividends approved in respect of the
     previous year (note 12)                                          –             –                  –              (89,569)    (89,569)
   Dividends declared in respect of the
     current year (note 12)                                           –             –                  –                    –           –

   At 31 December 2025                                          110,503        1,551                (196)             10,442     119,198




                                                                                         CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                             137
                                                                                                         2025 A NNUA L RE P O RT
                                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



      29. RESERVES (Continued)
           Notes:


           A)       Share premium


                    Under the Companies Law (Revised) of the Cayman Islands, the share premium account of the Company is distributable to the
                    shareholders of the Company provided that immediately following the date on which a dividend is proposed to be distributed,
                    the Company will be in a position to pay off its debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business.


           B)       Capital reserve


                    Capital reserve represents the excess of paid-up capital over the registered capital of the companies comprising the Group.


           C)       Statutory reserves


                    The PRC subsidiaries of the Group are required to transfer 10% of the profit after tax, as determined under the PRC accounting
                    rules and according to their articles of association, to the statutory surplus reserve until the balance reaches 50% of their
                    registered capital. The transfer to this reserve must be made before distributing dividends to shareholders. The reserve, upon
                    approval by the relevant authorities, can be used to make up previous years’ losses, expand existing operations or convert into
                    additional capital of the subsidiaries.


           D)       Other reserves


                    Other reserves represent the difference between the consideration for the acquisition of the subsidiaries paid by the Group and
                    the nominal value of the paid-up capital of the subsidiaries and share repurchased in prior years. It also included the difference
                    between the consideration paid for the additional interest in Jiangsu Mujianggu and the non-controlling interest’s share of
                    the assets and liabilities reflected in the consolidated statement of financial position at the completion date of the transaction
                    disclosed in note 17(B).


                    During the year 2018, the Company repurchased 50,000 shares at prices ranging from RMB3.92 to RMB3.93 through the Stock
                    Exchange at a total consideration of approximately RMB196,000, these repurchased shares had not been cancelled as at 31
                    December 2025 and 2024.


           E)       Property revaluation reserve


                    Property revaluation reserve has been set up and is dealt with in accordance with the accounting policies adopted for land and
                    buildings held for own use in note 2(D).




      CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
138
      2 0 2 5 AN N U AL R EPOR T
                         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



29. RESERVES (Continued)
    Notes: (Continued)


    F)    Currency translation reserve


          Currency translation reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of financial statements of
          operations outside the PRC. The reserve is dealt with in accordance with the accounting policies set out in note 2(S).


30. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
    a)    Categories of financial instruments
                                                                                                         2025                  2024
                                                                                                      RMB’000               RMB’000

          Financial assets
          Trade receivables                                                                               7,733                7,153
          Other receivables and deposits                                                                 14,947                8,766
          Cash and bank balances                                                                         79,739               41,714
          Non-pledged fixed bank deposits with maturity over one year                                   336,000              218,000
          Non-pledged fixed bank deposits
            with maturity over three months but within 1 year                                            10,000              105,000

          Financial assets measured at amortised cost                                                   448,419              380,633


          Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                          80,669                80,791

          Financial liabilities
          Trade payables                                                                                 12,099                 9,507
          Other payables                                                                                 50,921                41,128
          Lease liabilities                                                                              20,774                12,114

          Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost                                               83,794                62,749




                                                                                      CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                            139
                                                                                                      2025 A NNUA L RE P O RT
                               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



      30. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
           b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies
                Details of the Group’s financial instruments as stated in note 30(A) are disclosed in the respective note. The risks
                associated with these financial instruments and the policies on how to mitigate these risks are set out below. The
                management manages and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a
                timely and effective manner.

                i)    Currency risk
                      The Group is exposed to foreign currency risk primarily in cash and bank balances that are denominated in
                      United States dollars (“US$”), Euros (“Euro”) and Singapore dollars (“SGD”). The Group currently does not
                      have a foreign currency hedging policy. However, the management of the Group monitors foreign exchange
                      exposures and will consider hedging significant foreign currency exposures should the need arise.

                      The carrying amounts of the Group’s foreign currency denominated monetary assets and monetary liabilities
                      at the end of the respective reporting periods are as follows.

                                                                                                       2025                2024
                                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000

                      Assets
                      US$                                                                                 404                  312
                      Euro                                                                                106                   97
                      SGD                                                                                 492                    –

                                                                                                        1,002                  409


                      Sensitivity analysis

                      The following table details the Group’s sensitivity to a 5% increase and decrease in RMB against the relevant
                      foreign currencies. 5% is the sensitivity rate used by management’s assessment of reasonably possible
                      changes in foreign exchange rates. The sensitivity analysis includes only outstanding foreign currency
                      denominated monetary items and adjusts their translation for a 5% change in foreign currency rates. A
                      positive number indicates an increase in profit where RMB weaken against the relevant foreign currencies.
                      For a 5% strengthening of RMB against the relevant foreign currencies, there would be an equal and
                      opposite impact on the profit and other comprehensive income, and the balance below would be negative.

                                                                                                  Effect on profit after tax
                                                                                                    and retained profits

                                                                                                       2025                2024
                                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000

                      US$                                                                                   17                 13
                      Euro                                                                                   5                  4
                      SGD                                                                                   21                  –

                                                                                                            43                  17


                      The above sensitivity analysis excludes differences that would result from the translation of the financial
                      statements of foreign operations into the Group’s presentation currency. The analysis is performed on the
                      same basis for 2024.



      CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
140
      2 0 2 5 AN N U AL R EPOR T
                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



30. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
        ii)   Interest rate risk

              Pledged and non-pledged bank deposits and lease liabilities are carried at fixed interest rates and are not
              subject to interest rate risk. The Group is exposed to interest rate risk mainly from bank deposits (note 23) of
              the Group. The Group currently does not use any derivative contracts to hedge its exposure to interest rate
              risk. However, the management of the Group will consider hedging significant interest rate exposures should
              the need arise.

              Sensitivity analysis

              The sensitivity analysis below has been determined based on the exposure to variable interest rates of bank
              deposits of the Group. The analysis is prepared assuming the bank balances outstanding at the end of the
              reporting period were outstanding for the whole year. A 100 basis point increase or decrease is used, which
              represents management’s assessment of reasonably possible changes in interest rates.

              If interest rates had been 100 basis point higher and all other variables were held constant, the Group’s
              profit for the year ended 31 December 2025 and the retained earnings as at the reporting date would
              increase by approximately RMB797,000 (2024: RMB417,000). An equal and opposite impact on the
              Group’s profit for the respective years would result if the interest rates had been 100 basis points lower.

        iii) Credit risk

              Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in a
              financial loss to the Group. The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to trade receivables, pledged and
              non-pledged bank deposits, bank balances, other receivables and deposits. The Group does not hold any
              collateral or other credit enhancements to cover its credit risks associated with its financial assets.

              The estimated loss rates are determined based on historically observed default rates over the expected
              lives of the debtors and are adjusted for forward-looking information, including but not limited to the general
              economic conditions, that is available without undue cost or effort. At 31 December 2025, the Group has
              certain concentration of credit risk for the bank balances and bank deposits as 34.8% (2024: 48.2%) and
              77.6% (2024: 87.0%) of total cash and bank balances, pledged bank deposit and non-pledged fixed bank
              deposits are due from the largest banker and the three largest bankers of the Group, respectively. The
              Group assessed 12-month ECL for bank deposits and bank balances by reference to information relating to
              probability of default and loss given default of the respective credit rating grades published by external credit
              rating agencies. Based on the average loss rates, the 12-month ECL on bank deposits and bank balances
              is considered to be insignificant and therefore no loss allowance was recognised.

              For trade receivables at amortised cost, the Group has applied the simplified approach in HKFRS 9 to
              measure the loss allowance at lifetime ECL. Trade receivables at amortised cost are assessed individually
              for impairment allowance based on the historical credit losses experience, adjusted for factors that are
              specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current as well as the
              forecast direction of conditions at the end of the reporting period, including the time value of money where
              appropriate.

              The management considers the credit risk exposure of the Group’s trade receivables is low as sales are
              generally settled before delivery of goods or within 30 days. The directors review the recoverable amount of
              each individual debt regularly to ensure that adequate allowances are recognised for irrecoverable amounts.
              In this regard, the directors consider that the Group’s credit risk is significantly reduced.

                                                                               CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                  141
                                                                                               2025 A NNUA L RE P O RT
                                NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



      30. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
           b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
                iii) Credit risk (Continued)

                      The Group writes off a trade receivable when there is information indicating that the debtor is in severe
                      financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, e.g. when the debtor has been placed
                      under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, or when the trade receivables are over 1 year
                      past due, whichever occurs earlier. None of the trade receivables that have been written off is subject to
                      enforcement activities.

                      The Group has no significant concentration of credit risk in respect of its trade and other receivables, with
                      exposure spread over a large number of counterparties and customers.

                      The Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from refundable rental deposits is considered to be low, taking
                      into account (i) the landlords’ credit rating and (ii) the remaining lease term and the period covered by the
                      rental deposits.

                iv)   Liquidity risk

                      The Group’s liquidity position is monitored closely by the directors. In managing liquidity risk, the Group
                      monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash equivalents adequate for the management to finance
                      the Group’s operations and mitigate the effects of fluctuations in cash flows. The Group mainly relies on
                      internally generated funds and banking facilities as the principal sources of liquidity.

                      The following table details the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its financial liabilities. For non-
                      derivative financial liabilities, the table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial
                      liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay. The table includes both
                      interest and principal cash flows.

                                                                                                               Total
                                                   Within                                                contractual            Total
                                                    1 year                                        Over undiscounted          carrying
                                            or on demand        1-2 years      2-5 years       5 years     cash flow         amount
                                                 RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000

                      At 31 December 2025
                      Trade payables               12,099              –              –              –         12,099         12,099
                      Other payables               50,921              –              –              –         50,921         50,921
                      Lease liabilities             3,513          1,968         12,626          7,409         25,516         20,774


                                                    6,653          1,968         12,626          7,409         88,536         83,794

                      At 31 December 2024
                      Trade payables                9,507              –              –              –          9,507          9,507
                      Other payables               41,128              –              –              –         41,128         41,128
                      Lease liabilities             2,721          2,475          2,547          8,335         16,078         12,114


                                                   53,356          2,475          2,547          8,335         66,713         62,749



      CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
142
      2 0 2 5 AN N U AL R EPOR T
                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



30. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   c)   Fair value
        I)   Fair value hierarchy

             The directors of the Company consider the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities
             recorded at amortised cost in the consolidated financial statements approximate to their fair values.

             The following table presents the fair value of the Group’s financial instruments measured at the end of
             the reporting period on a recurring basis, categorised into the three-level fair value hierarchy as defined in
             HKFRS 13 Fair value measurement. The level into which a fair value measurement is classified is determined
             with reference to the observability and significance of the inputs used in the valuation technique as follows:

             •     Level 1 valuations: Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs, that is, unadjusted quoted prices in
                   active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date.

             •     Level 2 valuations: Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs, that is, observable inputs which fail to
                   meet Level 1, and not using significant unobservable inputs. Unobservable inputs are inputs for which
                   market data are not available.

             •     Level 3 valuations: Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs.


                                                  Fair value at             Fair value measurements as at
                                                 31 December              31 December 2025 categorised into
                                                          2025             Level 1         Level 2        Level 3
                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000

             Recurring fair value
               measurement
             Assets
               – Financial assets at
                 fair value through
                 profit or loss                         80,669                     –                  –             80,669


                                                  Fair value at             Fair value measurements as at
                                                 31 December              31 December 2024 categorised into
                                                          2024            Level 1          Level 2          Level 3
                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000

             Recurring fair value
               measurement
             Assets
               – Financial assets at
                 fair value through
                 profit or loss                         80,791                     –                  –             80,791


             During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, there were no transfers between Level 1 and Level
             2, or transfers into or out of Level 3. The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers between levels of the fair
             value hierarchy as at the end of the reporting period in which they occur.




                                                                             CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                               143
                                                                                             2025 A NNUA L RE P O RT
                               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



      30. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
           c)   Fair value (Continued)
                II)   Information about level 3 fair value measurement

                                                               Fair value as at                                    Level 3

                                                                                                        Significant
                                                         31 December    31 December         Valuation unobservable
                      Financial assets                          2025           2024        technique        inputs             Range
                                                             RMB’000        RMB’000

                      Financial assets at fair value
                         through profit or loss
                                                                                                                      1.28% to 2.22%
                        – Principal guaranteed wealth                                      Discounted       Expected     (2024: 1.50%
                             management products              80,669              80,791     cash flow        returns        to 2.37%)


                      The fair value of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss in Level 3 is determined by discounting
                      the contractual price of financial assets. The discount rate used is derived from the expected returns ranging
                      from 1.28% to 2.22% (2024: ranging from 1.50% to 2.37%). The fair value measurement is positively
                      correlated to the expected returns.

                      The Group did not change any valuation technique in determining the Level 3 fair values.

                      With the short maturity of the wealth management products and the applicable rate of expected returns
                      are not significant, the fair value of the wealth management products would not change significantly, and
                      accordingly no sensitivity analysis is presented.

      31. COMMITMENTS
           a)   Capital commitments
                At 31 December 2025, capital commitments not provided for in the financial statements were as follows:

                                                                                                            2025             2024
                                                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000

                Contracted but not provided for in respect of
                  – property, plant and equipment                                                         21,396             20,718




      CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
144
      2 0 2 5 AN N U AL R EPOR T
                       NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



31. COMMITMENTS (Continued)
   b)   Operating lease arrangements
        The Group leases out investment properties under operating lease. The leases were negotiated for terms ranging
        from 1 to 4 years. None of the lease include contingent rental. At 31 December 2025, the undiscounted lease
        payments receivable under non-cancellable operating leases in respect of premises are as follows:

                                                                                                  2025                 2024
                                                                                               RMB’000              RMB’000

        Within one year                                                                             2,628               2,629
        After one year but within two years                                                         1,860               1,857
        After two years but within three years                                                        661               1,687
        After three years but within four years                                                        90                 238

                                                                                                    5,239               6,411


32. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
   (a) Key management compensation
        Remuneration for key management personnel of the Group including certain amounts paid to the directors as
        disclosed in note 9 and certain amounts paid to the highest paid employees as disclosed in note 10, is as follows:

                                                                                                  2025                 2024
                                                                                               RMB’000              RMB’000

        Short-term employee benefits                                                                3,984               3,585
        Post-employment benefits                                                                      185                 181

                                                                                                    4,169               3,766

        Note:

        The remuneration were based on the terms mutually agreed between the Group and the related parties. In the opinion of the
        directors, these related party transactions were conducted in the ordinary course of business of the Group.




                                                                                 CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                                    145
                                                                                                 2025 A NNUA L RE P O RT
                              NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



      33. COMPANY LEVEL – STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                         Notes                  2025       2024
                                                                                             RMB’000    RMB’000

           Non-current assets
            Property, plant and equipment                                                          –          –
            Investment in a subsidiary                                                            47         47

                                                                                                  47         47
           Current assets
            Amounts due from subsidiaries                                                     147,999   154,414
            Deposit and prepayments                                                               133        23
            Cash and bank balances                                                                506       377

                                                                                              148,638   154,814

           Current liabilities
            Amounts due to subsidiaries                                                        24,195    24,855
            Other payables and accruals                                                         3,103     3,143

                                                                                               27,298    (27,998)

           Net current assets                                                                 121,340   126,816

           NET ASSETS                                                                         121,387   126,863

           CAPITAL AND RESERVES
            Share capital                                                  28                   2,189     2,189
            Reserves                                                       29                 119,198   124,674

           TOTAL EQUITY                                                                       121,387   126,863


           Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 27 March 2026.




           Tan Chuan Hua                                                          Tan Lizi
           Director                                                               Director




      CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
146
      2 0 2 5 AN N U AL R EPOR T
                       NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



34. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT BENEFITS
  Defined contribution retirement plan
  The Group operates a Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (“the MPF scheme”) under the Hong Kong Mandatory
  Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for employees employed under the jurisdiction of the Hong Kong Employment
  Ordinance. The MPF scheme is a defined contribution retirement plan administered by independent trustees. Under
  the MPF scheme, the employer and its employees are each required to make contributions to the plan at 5% of the
  employees’ relevant income, subject to a cap of monthly relevant income of HK$30,000. Contributions to the plan vest
  immediately.

  The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC are members of a state-managed retirement benefit scheme
  operated by the government of the PRC. The subsidiaries are required to contribute a specified percentage of payroll
  costs to the retirement benefit scheme to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the Group with respect to the
  retirement benefit scheme is to make the specified contributions.

  There is no forfeited contribution that may be used by the Group to reduce the existing level of contribution.


35. ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY
  At 31 December 2025, the directors consider the immediate parent and ultimate holding company of the Group to be
  Lead Charm Investments Limited, a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands. Its ultimate controlling party is
  Mr. Tan Chuan Hua. This entity does not produce financial statements available for public use.


36. POSSIBLE IMPACT OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS ACCOUNTING
    STANDARDS ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE FOR THE YEAR
    ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
  Up to the date of approval for issue of these consolidated financial statements, the HKICPA has issued a number of
  amendments which are not yet effective for the year ended 31 December 2025 and which have not been adopted in
  these consolidated financial statements, as follows:

  Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7            Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of
                                                 Financial Instruments1
  Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7            Contracts Referencing Nature – dependent Electricity1
  Annual Improvements to HKFRS                 Amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 9, HKFRS 10 and HKAS 72
    Accounting Standards – Volume 11
  HKFRS 18 and consequential                   Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements2
    amendments to other HKFRS
    Accounting Standards
  HKFRS 19 and subsequent amendments           Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures2
  Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28           Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or
                                                 Joint Venture3

  1
        Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026
  2
        Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027
  3
        Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined




                                                                               CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                                            147
                                                                                               2025 A NNUA L RE P O RT
                                NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025



      36. POSSIBLE IMPACT OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS ACCOUNTING
          STANDARDS ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE FOR THE YEAR
          ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025 (Continued)
           The Group is in the process of making an assessment of what the impact of these developments is expected to be in
           the period of initial application. So far it has concluded that the adoption of them is unlikely to have a significant impact
           on the consolidated financial statements, except for the following:

           HKFRS 18, Presentation and disclosure in financial statements
           HKFRS 18 will replace HKAS 1 Presentation of financial statements and aims to improve the transparency and
           comparability of information about an entity’s financial statements. HKFRS 18 is effective for annual reporting periods
           beginning on or after 1 January 2027 and is to be applied retrospectively. Among other changes, under HKFRS 18,
           entities are required to classify all income and expenses into five categories in the statement of profit or loss, namely the
           operating, investing, financing, discontinued operations and income tax categories. Entities are also required to provide
           specific disclosures about management defined performance measures in a single note in the financial statements. The
           Group does not plan to early adopt HKFRS 18 and is still in the process of assessing the impact of the adoption.




      CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
148
      2 0 2 5 AN N U AL R EPOR T
PRINCIPAL PROPERTIES HELD FOR INVESTMENT PURPOSES


China

Location                                    Lot number   Type               Lease term

Nos. 701-703, 703A, 705-713, 713A,          –            Commercial         2044
715, 723 and 723A, 7th Floor,
North Tower of Junefield Plaza,
Nos. 6, 8, 10, 12, 16 and
18 Xuanwu Menwai Street,
Xuanwu District,
Beijing,

Levels 43 and 44,                           JB3-49-68    Commercial         2045
Yingli Building (Future International),
No. 6 Yizhi Road,
Jianxin Bei Road,
Jiangbei District,
Chongqing,

Portion of Level 42,                        JB3-49-68    Commercial         2045
Yingli Building (Future International),
No. 6 Yizhi Road,
Jianxin Bei Road,
Jiangbei District,
Chongqing,

Unit Nos. 2-5, 2-6, 2-7 and 2-8,            YB4-19-46    Residential        2062
Block A7,
Jiazhou Garden,
Longxi Road,
Yubei District,
Chongqing,

A residential unit situated at No. 1-8-3,   JL4-14-92    Residential        2051
No. 8 Huangjiaoping Street,
Jiulongpo District,
Chongqing,




                                                          CA RPE NTE R TA N HO LD INGS LIMI T E D
                                                                                                    149
                                                                          2025 A NNUA L RE P O RT
                                                      FINANCIAL SUMMARY


      The following table sets out the financial summary of the Group for the five years ended 31 December:

                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December
                                                                          2025               2024               2023               2022              2021
                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000

      Results
        Revenue                                                          558,223            505,436            499,688           348,002              330,910
        Profit before taxation                                           216,486            212,934            209,691           133,363              130,795
        Income tax                                                        (45,459)           (41,455)           (35,917)          (26,105)             (22,447)
        Profit for the year                                              171,027            171,479            173,774           107,258              108,348

      Attributable to
        Owners of the Company                                            171,027            171,366            173,734           107,250              107,663


                                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                          2025               2024               2023               2022              2021
                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000

      Assets and liabilities
        Total assets                                                   1,119,459         1,009,124             930,777            805,557              784,306
        Total liabilities                                               (149,255)         (125,165)           (122,293)          (113,678)            (111,859)

      Total equity                                                       970,204            883,959            808,484           691,879              672,447


                                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                             2025               2024               2023                2022              2021

      Liquidity and Gearing
        Current ratio(1)                                                      4.55              5.48               6.88                6.57              7.42
        Quick ratio(2)                                                        1.87              2.50               4.22                3.51              4.82
        Gearing ratio(3)                                                     N/A(4)             N/A(4)             N/A(4)              N/A(4)            N/A(4)


      Notes:


      (1)      Current ratio is calculated as total current assets divided by total current liabilities as at the relevant year end.


      (2)      Quick ratio is calculated as total current assets less inventories divided by total current liabilities as at the relevant year end.


      (3)      Gearing ratio is calculated as total interest-bearing bank borrowings, less cash and cash equivalents, divided by total equity as at the
               end of relevant year and multiplied by 100%.


      (4)      As at 31 December 2025, 2024, 2023, 2022 and 2021, the Group did not have any interest-bearing bank borrowings. The calculation
               of gearing ratio is not meaningful.




      CARP E NT E R T A N HOLDIN G S LIM IT ED
150
      2 0 2 5 AN N U AL R EPOR T
