   2024
Annual Report
CONTENTS
Corporate Information                            2
Mission Statement                                3
Corporate Profile                                3
Chairman’s Statement                             4
Management Discussion and Analysis               8
Corporate Governance Report                      10
Directors’ Report                                17
Independent Auditor’s Report                     23
Consolidated Income Statement                    28
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income   29
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position     30
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity      31
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows             32
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements   33
Financial Highlights                             72
2   Perennial International Limited


    CORPORATE INFORMATION

    Board of Directors                               Registered Office
    Executive Directors                              Clarendon House
    Mon Chung Hung                                   2 Church Street, Hamilton HM11
     (Chief Executive Officer and Deputy Chairman)   Bermuda
    Chan Chun Yiu
    Mon Wai Ki, Vicky
    Mon Tiffany
                                                     Principal Place of Business in Hong Kong
    Mon Derek                                        Units 2004-06, 20th Floor
                                                     Greenfield Tower, Concordia Plaza
    Non-Executive Director                           1 Science Museum Road
    Koo Di An, Louise (Chairman)                     Tsimshatsui, Kowloon, Hong Kong

    Independent Non-Executive Directors              Stock Code
    Lau Chun Kay
                                                     Stock Code on The Stock Exchange of
    Lee Chung Nai, Jones
    Chung Kit Ying                                   Hong Kong Limited: 00725

    Audit Committee                                  Legal Advisor
    Lau Chun Kay (Committee chairman)                CLKW Lawyers LLP
    Lee Chung Nai, Jones                             Rm 1901A, 1902 & 1902A, 19/F,
    Chung Kit Ying                                   16-18 Queen’s Road Central,
    Koo Di An, Louise                                Hong Kong

    Remuneration Committee                           Principal Bankers
    Lau Chun Kay (Committee chairman)                Hang Seng Bank
    Lee Chung Nai, Jones
                                                     China Construction Bank (Asia)
    Chung Kit Ying
    Koo Di An, Louise                                Dah Sing Bank
                                                     DBS Bank
    Nomination Committee
    Lau Chun Kay (Committee chairman)                Auditors
    Lee Chung Nai, Jones                             Forvis Mazars CPA Limited
    Chung Kit Ying                                     (formerly known as Mazars CPA Limited)
    Koo Di An, Louise                                Certified Public Accountants and Registered PIE Auditor
                                                     42/F, 18 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong
    Compliance Committee
    Koo Di An, Louise (Committee chairman)           Principal Registrar and Transfer Office
    Mon Chung Hung
                                                     Conyers Corporate Services (Bermuda) Limited
    Chan Chun Yiu
    Mon Wai Ki, Vicky                                Clarendon House
    Mon Tiffany                                      2 Church Street, Hamilton HM 11
    Mon Derek                                        Bermuda
    Lau Chun Kay
    Lee Chung Nai, Jones                             Branch Registrar and Transfer Office
    Chung Kit Ying
                                                     Union Registrars Limited
                                                     Suites 3301-04, 33/F,
    Authorised Representatives                       Two Chinachem Exchange Square
    Mon Chung Hung                                   338 King’s Road, North Point, Hong Kong
    Chan Chun Yiu

    Company Secretary                                Website
    Lai Wing Hong                                    https://perennial.todayir.com
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   3




Mission Statement
Perennial International Limited is dedicated to maintain the high quality of its products, manufacturing processes
and service to customers and to forge a worldwide reputation as a business demanding excellence in all of its
operations.

Corporate Profile
The Perennial Group, founded in 1989, manufactures and trades quality wire harnesses, power cords, power cord
sets, cables and solid wire and plastic resins. The Group’s primary markets are America, Europe, Australia, Mainland
China, Japan and Southeast Asia where it sells to prominent multi-national producers of electrical and electronic
products.

Headquartered in Hong Kong, as at 31 December 2024, the Group employed 880 full time staff worldwide involved
in management, sales and marketing, shipping, procurement, financial and accounting, engineering, production and
manufacturing. The Group considers its employees to be its most important asset while its key values are quality,
prudence and integrity.
4   Perennial International Limited


    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
    On behalf of the board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors” or “Management”) of Perennial International
    Limited (the “Company”), I am pleased to announce the audited consolidated financial results of the Company,
    together with its subsidiaries (the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2024.

    The Group’s revenue was HK$328,578,000 (2023: HK$303,527,000) . Profit for the year was HK$25,804,000
    compared to HK$15,746,000 for 2023. Earnings per share was HK$0.13 (2023: HK$0.079) .

    Final Dividend
    The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.03 per share for the year. Together with the interim
    dividend of HK$0.02 per share, the Group’s total dividend for the year 2024 amounted to HK$0.05 per share (2023:
    nil).

    The proposed final dividend is subject to approval of the shareholders at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting to
    be held on 20 May 2025 (“2025 AGM”) and is to be payable on 6 June 2025 to shareholders whose names appear
    on the register of members of the Company on 30 May 2025.

    Closure of Register of Members
    The forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company will be held on Tuesday, 20 May 2025 (“2025 AGM”).

    The register of members of the Company will be closed during the following periods:

    (i)    from Thursday, 15 May 2025 to Tuesday, 20 May 2025, both days inclusive and during which period no share
           transfer will be effected, for the purpose of ascertaining shareholders’ eligibility to attend and vote at the 2025
           AGM. In order to be eligible to attend and vote at the 2025 AGM, all transfer documents accompanied by the
           relevant share certificates must be lodged for registration with the Company’s branch share registrar, Union
           Registrars Limited at Suites 3301-04, 33/F, Two Chinachem Exchange Square, 338 King’s Road, North Point,
           Hong Kong not later than 4:00 p.m. on Wednesday, 14 May 2025.

    (ii)   from Wednesday, 28 May 2025 to Friday, 30 May 2025, both days inclusive and during which period no
           share transfer will be effected, for the purpose of ascertaining shareholders’ entitlement to the proposed final
           dividend. In order to establish entitlements to the proposed final dividend, all transfer documents accompanied
           by the relevant share certificates must be lodged for registration with the Company’s branch share registrar,
           Union Registrars Limited at Suites 3301–04, 33/F, Two Chinachem Exchange Square, 338 King’s Road, North
           Point, Hong Kong not later than 4:00 p.m. on Tuesday, 27 May 2025.

    Business Review
    Revenue
    The Group’s revenue increased by 8.3% to HK$328.5 million in this financial year 2024. Over the 12-month period,
    the Group delivered above market growth in certain regions. Sales in North America grew by 11.45%, while sales in
    the PRC grew a modest 2.2% and Japan sales also delivered 3.6% moderate growth.

    However, the Group has other comprehensive loss for the year ended 31 December 2024 of HK$7,691,000 (2023:
    HK$4,423,000) due to the depreciation of Renminbi (“RMB”) and Vietnamese Dong (“VND”) against HK$, which
    led to a foreign exchange loss from translation of financial information of the subsidiaries in the PRC and Vietnam,
    as a substantial part of the Group’s net assets is denominated in RMB and VND while the reporting currency of the
    consolidated financial information is in HK$. The Group also recorded a revaluation surplus of HK$7,939,000 (2023: nil)
    during the same financial year. This resulted in an audited total comprehensive income for the year of HK$26,052,000
    (2023: HK$11,323,000).

    The Group’s major US customers are primary manufacturers of commercial and domestic heating, ventilation, and
    air conditioning (HVAC) equipment and white appliances. In spite of the enduring inflation, high interest rates and
    fear of an impending recession looming and other challenging conditions affecting North America market, the Group
    recorded a hike in deliveries to our US customers which accounted for 72% (2023: 70%) of sales during the year
    under review. For the North America economy in 2024, inflation has been a major hindrance. However, instead
    of raising rates to dampen inflation, the US Federal Reserve (“FED”) cut rates since September 2024 to bolster
    the domestic market, causing spillover effects to certain segments of the American economy and resulting to the
    Group’s major market, the U.S., demonstrated a solid growth during the year under review.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024    5
                                                                                   Chairman’s Statement (Continued)




Business Review (Continued)
Revenue (Continued)
The uncertainties brought about by elections and change of leaderships in a number of major countries resulted
in fluctuation in the economy, posing challenges not only for domestic consumptions but also business ordering
decisions. In the PRC, the economic growth has slowed down, caused by the continuing weakness in real-estate
market and sluggish consumption, but it still accounted for approximately 12% of the Group’s revenue, as our
products delivered within the PRC and Hong Kong may ultimately be shipped together with customers’ finished
goods to other regions.

Emerging markets showed varied growth across countries, with Japan remained stable despite the robust exports
resulting from the weaker Japanese currency and solid local consumption, accounting for approximately 8% of the
Group’s revenue.

Management saw the year of 2024 a recovery of economic activities as businesses continued to face multitude
of challenges as global economic landscape continued to remain fragile and volatile. Throughout the year, regional
geopolitical conflicts intensified as tensions continued to cast shadow over international trade and relations, with
unresolved conflicts affecting recovery in global trades.

In the past year, global inflation reached its peak in many countries, causing interest rates to remain high at major
economies. Continued uncertainties caused by the unceasing Russian–Ukrainian war, the ongoing worsening Sino-
US trade contests and Israel-Gaza confrontation were further exacerbated by the outcome of the US election in
November 2024.

This confluence of economic obstacles has hindered an overall global business and economic growth. In the face of
these challenges, the Group operated in an environment fraught with uncertainties, but, at the same time, managed
to demonstrate resilience and adaptability in product range offered despite the adversities. Sales of power cords
accounted for 53% (2023: 55%), wire harness recorded 45% (2023: 42%) while cables, wires and plastic resins
accounted for remaining 2% (2023: 3%) of the Group’s revenue.

The Sino-US trade disputes induced customers to move further production away from the PRC for North America
destined goods and led to weakness in certain customers’ traditional target export markets and production location
preference imposed by major customers and also to fewer orders for our PRC factory. The Directors have to make
provisions for downsizing the PRC operations and shifted more production to our wholly owned Vietnam factory in
Quang Ngai, which accounted for 67% (2023: 59%) of the Group’s revenue, supported by additional new equipment
to fulfill the enlarged orders allocated during the year under review.

The industry landscape in 2024 still presented several challenges, prompting the Directors to continue making
adjustments. Even with the fluctuation in material costs, the Group was able to maintain gross margin of around 28%
despite excess manufacturing capacity at many of its peers putting competitive pressure on the cable manufactory
industry but customer restocking programs led to increase in Group’s inventory level as at 31 December 2024 by
approximately 17.3% to approximately HK$129,365,000 (2023: HK$110,269,000). In addition, political factors have
led some customers to prioritize out-of-China suppliers and continued to pose significant challenges to fill production
capacities of the Group’s PRC factories.

The quest to move further production away from the PRC for North America destined goods led to declined
employment of the Group’s PRC production facilities, which accounted for 33% (2023: 41%) of Group’s revenue
due to the underutilization of the Group’s property, plant and equipment in the PRC during the year under review.
Management resolved to convert the Group’s Heyuan factory to investment property and was partially leased during
the first half of the year to a third party for alternate usage which generated interim rental income for the Group.

Notwithstanding the increased sales, uncertain movements of copper prices, shipping costs plus additional workers
to fulfill increased orders were mitigated by the depreciation of RMB and weaker VND. The Directors implemented
cost control measures in minimizing direct labor costs, complemented by new and efficient production equipment,
including installation of rooftop solar power system at the Vietnam factory, as well as keeping a tight lid on
administrative and operating expenses. During the year under review, Management continued with cautious financial
management strategies and kept zero gearing level (total borrowing divided by total equity) to avoid incurring high
borrowing costs and resulted in the increase of audited consolidated profit attributable to shareholders by 7.9% to
HK$25,804,000 (2023: HK$15,746,000). Earnings per share was HK$0.13 (2023: HK$0.079).

The Group delivered HK$14,241,000 of net cash inflow in 2024, reflecting the improvements in net profit and working
capital strategies the Directors implemented in 2024. Our prudent management and conversative culture are the
reasons for delivering favorable financial results.
6   Perennial International Limited

    Chairman’s Statement (Continued)




    FUTURE PROSPECT
    There is a very significant level of uncertainty right now as geopolitical and trade tensions issues have dominated the
    markets in recent weeks and months and for the rest of 2025.

    Perseverance was once again demonstrated as the Group adeptly navigated the cyclical nature of business
    environment, challenges and adversity in 2024. Throughout the year, the persistent global macroeconomic challenges
    have proven tenacious, with the combination of mounting interest rates, inflationary pressure and the escalating
    geopolitical tensions shaping the global economic landscape, rendering the business environment both volatile and
    challenging. In addition to these challenges, trade policy uncertainties, trade protectionism and tariff disputes among
    major economies have further complicated the international business environment for the Group with production
    facilities in the PRC.

    As the Group approaches the year 2025, there is an expectation that the delicate nature of these macro-economic
    factors will persist. The unpredictable movement of the US Dollar and uncertain trade policies of the new US
    administration indicate a sustained vulnerability and fragility in the American economy, being the Group’s major
    revenue currency and market. However, as challenging as it can be and barring any unforeseen circumstances,
    the Group endeavors to achieve yet another year of stable business growth with a steadfast focus on meeting our
    customers’ needs.

    The first few months of the new US President (“Trump”) administration have been characterized by erratic changes
    to trade policy, implemented a whirlwind of tariffs including unleashing punishing excise against major trading
    partners like Mexico, Canada and China, and levies on certain goods. As Canada and Mexico vowed to retaliate
    against Trump’s tariffs, China too had hit back. Management has to be prepared for a more turbulent time ahead
    in 2025, and will need to adjust and find workarounds. This time, the speed and scale of the tariffs, combined with
    retaliation from all sides, leave far less room to navigate.

    Furthermore, our business is not immune to the fact that the United States ran a US$123.5 billion trade deficit with
    Vietnam in 2024, according to the Office of the United States Trade Representative (USTR). Being the third-highest
    behind China and Mexico, Vietnam is bound to have economic conflict with the US. US President Trump indicated
    that he would be imposing both broad reciprocal tariffs and additional sector-specific tariffs on 2 April, 2025, not long
    after the date of this report. The implications of the new policy on our major Southeast Asia production facility are
    still indeterminate, as many questions remain unanswered. Implementation difficulties could raise transaction costs
    in determining the origin of a product in a world of global supply chains and become increasingly difficult and costly.
    Trump’s tariff policies will be marked with uncertainties in the coming months, as negotiations and retaliation threats
    continue. The president has flipped-flopped over when tariffs will be imposed, which goods they will apply to and
    how high they will be.

    If the announced trade policy actions persist, the new bilateral tariff rates will raise revenues for the governments
    imposing them but there will be a drag on global activities, corporate revenues and regular consumer expenditures,
    adding to trade costs, raising the price of covered imported final goods for consumers and intermediate inputs for
    businesses.

    The geopolitical landscape remains fraught with tariffs tensions that continue to impact global trade. Ongoing
    disputes between major economies and escalating regional and global conflicts are reshaping international relations
    and business environments. The unresolved Russia-Ukraine conflict and prolonged instability in the Middle East
    intensifying have influenced and continue to impact global trade, energy supplies and consumer confidence. The
    sanctions, trade barriers, and shifts in global alliances also push supply chain issues and further strain global markets.
    These factors are destabilizing economies, influencing supply chains, and reducing consumer purchasing power
    thereby dampening overall demand and adding a layer of uncertainty to market dynamics.

    The Group’s top five (5) customers accounted for approximately 82% (2023: 79%) of the Group’s total revenue in the
    year 2024, the Group has relied heavily on a limited number of customers, products, and geographical markets, which
    may have significant impacts to its performance especially when the world is facing intensified geopolitical risks. With
    the goal to mitigate market concentration risks and ensure a steady recovery and sustainable growth, the Group has
    been agile but sustainable success depends on its customers’ outsourcing strategies continue to change in response
    to the general economy, government policies and end consumer demands.

    Continuous launch of newly developed wire cables and power cord products will enable the Group to continue to
    maintain our revenue impetus amid a rapidly changing business environment. The Group’s continuing success in
    meeting demand by working closely with our clients underpin our expectation of further improvement in 2025. The
    strong product development capabilities of our PRC factory along with proven sourcing and procurement competence
    has placed the Group in a readiness position to respond to potential market disruption. Ongoing negative preferential
    sentiment makes situation rather difficult, but Management will continue to review utilization status of our PRC
    facilities to ensure better employment of resources going forward.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024    7
                                                                                   Chairman’s Statement (Continued)




FUTURE PROSPECT (Continued)
The plans to expand business is contingent upon the success of measures taken to alleviate and mitigate side effects
of the persisting Sino-US trade rivalry, because few major American customers account for substantial portion of
the Group’s business. Similar to 2024, there are huge uncertainties on how the situation will unfold as management
will need to maintain operations of both our valuable PRC and competitive Vietnam factories and align production
in line with ongoing demand by our customers, who are periodically assessing their sourcing strategies and order
allocations.

Against this backdrop, with the view of probable further deterioration of the values of the Group’s investment
properties in the PRC and Hong Kong, the Directors adopted a more conservative approach in maintaining zero
borrowings and conserving cash and positioning itself strategically to remain competitive and relevant.

To conclude, the Directors maintain a keen awareness of the prevailing economic fragility and is committed to
addressing it with a proactive and strategic approach which center on serving our customers’ needs. In addition
to allocating resources to areas with significant potential, the Group will continue to place a strong emphasis on
continuous innovation and improvement in its product design and operational processes.

Looking forward to 2025, we are well positioned in anticipating sales growth for the Group overall, while continuing
to focus on preserving performing areas of our business. With zero borrowings at the year end of 2024, our balance
sheet is extremely healthy. We are actively deploying our capital and are well placed to make timely adjustments to
continue growing the business and protecting profitability. In 2025, we will continue our mission of placing customers
at heart of its business to provide exceptional values. The Group’s development capabilities and agility, coupled with
strong industry partnerships and diversified manufacturing bases, positioning itself well to maintain competitiveness
in a rapidly changing environment, capitalize on new opportunities, and drive sustainable growth, while delivering
satisfactory financial results.

We are confident as the Group is well placed to overcome ongoing and new challenges. We believe having
weathered the effects of economic uncertainties and wars in 2024, the Group moved into 2025 with cautious
optimism, prepared to both capture new opportunities arising from anticipated gradual market recovery and navigate
through continuing disruptions.

Corporate Governance
The Group is committed to safeguarding shareholders’ rights and enhancing corporate governance standard. As
a result, the Group has established the Compliance Committee, Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee and
Nomination Committee to adhere to the best practice.

Social Responsibility
The Group’s factories are regularly subject to factory audit by multinational enterprises. The factory audit serves as a
catalyst to enhance the Group’s standard on corporate social responsibility.

Moreover, the Group holds a strong belief in corporate social responsibility. So the Group continues to participate in
and support community activities in Hong Kong, the PRC and Vietnam.

With regards to the Group’s ESG performance, please refer to the Group’s ESG report which will be available on the
Company’s website at https://perennial.todayir.com and the Stock Exchange’s website before 30 April 2025.

Vote of Thanks
As we move forward into 2025, we wish to thank all our stakeholders – most notably the clients, shareholders,
suppliers and employees – for their resilience, dedication and enthusiasm during these turbulent times. It is with their
continued support that the Group will succeed in growing its strength and delivering even greater value in the new
financial year and for many more years to come.


By Order of the Board
Koo Di An, Louise
Chairman

Hong Kong, 27 March 2025
8   Perennial International Limited


    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

    Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
    Despite the uncertain macro environment, the Directors are grateful in delivering a sturdy financial performance.
    During the year under review, the Group managed to maintain a gross profit margin of 28.7% (2023: 28.5%) as
    the Group adopted a series of proactive measures in responses to evolving challenges as well as benefiting from
    the strength of the US Dollar, being the main revenue currency of the Group. The ongoing measures to maintain
    operational efficiency resulted in the Group experiencing invariable overall costs of goods sold such as direct
    labour, utilities, depreciation and logistic expenses while facing pressures in supply chain and fluctuating material
    costs during the year. The cost of sales increased by approximately 7.9% or approximately HK$17,068,000 from
    approximately HK$217,101,000 for the year ended 31 December 2023 to approximately HK$234,169,000 for the year
    ended 31 December 2024 and it is in line with the growth in sales.

    Other Income and Other Operating Expenses
    During the year, the Group’s other income mainly comprised of rental income, recharged freight cost, and scrap
    sales of approximately HK$2,696,000, HK$2,213,000 and HK$2,986,000 (2023: HK$2,554,000, HK$4,096,000 and
    HK$1,990,000) respectively.

    During the year, there was a net loss of approximately HK$150,000 (2023: HK$2,819,000) on derivative financial
    instruments and a net gain on foreign exchange of approximately HK$1,884,000 (2023: HK$2,362,000) recorded
    under the Group’s other operating expenses, net.

    Revaluation loss of investment properties amounted to approximately HK$8,076,000 for the year ended 31 December
    2024 (2023: Revaluation loss of investment properties and impairment loss of buildings approximately HK$5,634,000
    and HK$5,192,000 respectively) . The loss was primarily attributable to the drop in their valuations under the influence
    of the PRC and Hong Kong real estate market environment.

    Profit for the year
    The Group recorded a net profit margin of 7.9% in 2024 compared to 5.2% in 2023. The increase in net profit margin
    were mainly due to cost controls implemented to maintain gross margins during the year as well as increase in other
    income for the year ended 31 December 2024.

    The Group concluded the year with a net profit of approximately HK$25,804,000 in 2024, representing an increase of
    64% as opposed to a net profit of approximately HK$15,746,000 achieved in 2023. Accordingly, the Group’s EBITDA
    (earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation) for 2024 stood at approximately HK$38,586,000 as
    compared to approximately HK$28,278,000 recorded in 2023, representing a healthy increase. Basic earnings per
    share increased from 7.9 HK cents in 2023 to 13.0 HK cents in 2024.

    Liquidity, financial resources and capital structure
    Due to the stockpiling mandate from customers, Management had to order and purchase materials, produce finished
    goods and ship in advance which resulted in higher inventory level of approximately HK$129,365,000 as at 31
    December 2024 (2023: HK$110,269,000). Nonetheless, the increased sales volume resulted in a decrease of the
    Group’s inventory turnover days from 216 days at 31 December 2023 to 187 days at 31 December 2024.

    Due to the increased shipments, trade and bills receivables recorded an increase from approximately HK$69,054,000
    as at 31 December 2023 to approximately HK$80,903,000 as at 31 December 2024. During the year under review,
    precautionary steps continued to be taken by Management included constant review and monitoring of receivables
    due from the major customers and regular assessment of their publicised financial status.

    With that, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents as of 31 December 2024 increased by 35.3% to approximately
    HK$52,765,000 (2023: HK$39,008,000) . The Group has no bank borrowings as at 31 December 2024 and 31
    December 2023. The financial impacts for the strategies in place resulted in favourable financial position in view of
    the Group’s zero gearing level for the two financial years. The Group had lower cash inflow from operating activities
    of approximately HK$21,656,000 (2023: HK$58,535,000) during the year was mainly due to an increase in inventories
    and trade receivables.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024    9
                                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)




Capital Expenditure
During the year, capital expenditure approximates to HK$5,303,000 (2023: HK$4,265,000) .

Pledge of Assets
At 31 December 2024, the Group’s trade and loan finance facilities amounted to approximately HK$72,300,000,
which were secured by limited guarantees given by the Company and certain subsidiaries.

Segment Information
During the year under review, America, the PRC and Japan (2023: America, the PRC and Hong Kong) were the
Group’s major markets, accounting for approximately 72%, 12% and 8% (2023: 70%, 12% and 9%) of the Group’s
total sales respectively. The remaining 8% (2023: 9%) of sales were generated from customers located in Hong
Kong, Vietnam and other countries (2023: Japan, Vietnam and other countries) .

Employees’ Remuneration Policy
At 31 December 2024, the Group employed 880 (2023: 730) full time management, administrative and production
staff worldwide. The proportion of male to female is 1:2.1 (2023: 1:1.8) . The Group follows market practice on
remuneration packages. Employee’s remuneration is reviewed and determined by senior management annually
depending on the employee’s performance, experience and industry practice. The total amount of employee’s
remuneration was set out in note 13 to the consolidated financial information in this report. The Group invests in its
human capital, including on-job training as well as policies of continuous professional training programs.

Foreign Exchange Exposure
All foreseeable foreign exchange risks of the Group are appropriately managed and hedged, if necessary.

Contingent Liabilities
At 31 December 2024 and 2023, the Group did not have any material contingent liability.
10   Perennial International Limited


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
     The Company is firmly committed to statutory and regulatory corporate governance standards with emphasis on
     transparency, independence, accountability, responsibility and fairness.

     The Corporate Governance Code
     The Directors confirm that the Company has fully complied with the code provisions set out in the Corporate
     Governance Code (the “Code”) attached to the Listing Rules as Appendix C1, and adopted recommended best
     practices set out in the Code whenever appropriate. During the year, Ms. Koo Di An, Louise, Chairman, was unable
     to hold a meeting with the independent non-executive Directors without the presence of the executive Directors due
     to other prior business engagements.

     The Board
     The Board’s primary role is to protect and enhance long-term shareholder value. It sets the overall strategy for the
     Group and supervises executive management to whom the responsibility of managing the day-to-day operation of the
     Group is delegated. In the course of discharging its duties, the Board acts in integrity, due diligence and care, and in
     the best interests of the Company and its shareholders.

     The Board oversees the Company in a responsible and effective manner. It has adopted formal terms of reference
     which details its functions and responsibilities. Its main responsibilities include, but not limited to, ensuring
     competent management, approving objectives, strategies and business plans, ensuring prudent conduct of operations
     within laws and approved policies, ensuring and monitoring integrity in the Company’s conduct of affairs. Day– to-
     day management of the Group is delegated to the Executive Directors or the officer in charge of each division who
     are given clear directions as to his/her powers and are required to report back to the Board. Functions reserved to the
     Board and delegated to the management are reviewed periodically. The Directors, as members of the Board, jointly
     share responsibility for the proper direction of the Company. The Company has formal service contract with each
     Director setting out the key terms and conditions of his/her appointment.

     The Board currently consists of nine (9) members whose details are set out on pages 31 to 33 of this report. It meets
     quarterly and holds specific meetings as and when they are deemed necessary. The Board held four (4) meetings
     during the year ended 31 December 2024. Notices of Board meetings were given to the Directors at least 14 days
     prior to the date of the meetings with the agenda and any accompanying Board papers sent at least three days before
     the date of the meetings. All Directors are given the opportunity to include matters for discussion in the agenda.
     Minutes of the Board meetings and committee meetings, recording in sufficient detail the matters considered and
     decisions reached, are kept by the Company Secretary and sent to the Directors or the committee members (as
     appropriate) for their comment and records within reasonable time after the meeting is held. They are also available
     for inspection by the Directors at any reasonable time on reasonable notice by any Director. A record of the Directors’
     attendance at Board meetings is set out on page 26 of this report.

     The Group provides extensive background information about its history, mission and businesses to the Directors.
     The Directors are also provided with the opportunity to visit the Group’s operational facilities and meet with the
     management to gain a better understanding of its business operations.

     All Directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their
     knowledge and skills. The Company updates Directors on the latest developments regarding the Listing Rules and
     other applicable regulatory requirements from time to time, to ensure compliance and enhance their awareness of
     good corporate governance practices.

     During the year, all Directors, namely, Messrs Mon Chung Hung, Chan Chun Yiu, Mon Wai Ki, Vicky, Mon Tiffany,
     Mon Derek, Koo Di An, Louise, Lau Chun Kay, Lee Chung Nai, Jones and Chung Kit Ying, received regular briefings
     and updates on the Group’s business, operations, risk management and corporate governance matters. Materials
     on new or changes to salient laws and regulations applicable to the Group were provided to the Directors. They
     also attended regulatory update sessions and seminars on relevant topics. All Directors are requested to provide the
     Company with their respective training record pursuant to the Code and confirmed that they have complied with C.1.4
     of the Code.

     The Board has separate and independent access to the senior management and the Company Secretary at all times.
     The Board and each Board Committee also has access to independent professional advice where appropriate.

     The Company has arranged for appropriate liability insurance for the Directors and the senior management of the
     Group for indemnifying their liabilities arising out of corporate activities. The insurance coverage is reviewed on an
     annual basis.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024    11
                                                                           Corporate Governance Report (Continued)




The Board (Continued)
In order to reinforce independence, accountability and area of responsibility, the role of the Chairman is separate from
that of the Chief Executive Officer. Ms. Koo Di An, Louise is the chairman of the Company and Mr. Mon Chung Hung
is the chief executive officer of the Company. Their respective responsibilities are clearly established and set out
in writing. The Chairman manages the Board and is responsible for ensuring that adequate information is provided
to the Directors in a timely manner and all Directors are properly briefed on issues arising at Board meetings, while
the Chief Executive Officer is responsible for implementing strategies, policies, and for conducting the Group’s
businesses.

Pursuant to the Bye-laws of the Company, one-third of the Directors must retire at each annual general meeting, and
may offer themselves for re-election. Notwithstanding that the non– executive Directors are appointed for a specific
term of one to three years, they are also subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years as other
Directors do. To enhance accountability, any further re-appointment of an independent non-executive Director, who
has served the Board for more than nine years, is subject to a separate resolution to be passed by the shareholders.
In addition, Directors who are appointed to fill a casual vacancy should be subject to election by shareholders at the
first general meeting after appointment according to the Company’s Bye-laws.

Pursuant to the requirement of the Listing Rules, the Company confirms receipt of a written confirmation from each
of the independent non-executive Directors for confirmation of his independence to the Company. The Company
considers all its independent non-executive Directors to be independent.

Responsibilities of the Directors for the Consolidated Financial Statements
The Board should present a balanced, clear and comprehensible assessment of the Company’s and the Group’s
performance, position and prospects. The Directors should prepare the consolidated financial statements on a going
concern basis, with supporting assumptions or qualifications as necessary. The Board’s responsibility to present
a balanced, clear and understandable assessment extends to annual and interim reports, other price– sensitive
announcements and other financial disclosures required under the Listing Rules, and reports to regulators as well as
to information required to be disclosed pursuant to statutory requirements.

Board Committees
The Board has established four (4) committees, each of them having specific terms of reference, to consider matters
relating to specialised areas and to advise the Board or, where appropriate, to decide on behalf of the Board on such
matters. Details of these committees and their principal terms of reference are as follows:

Audit Committee
The Audit Committee was established on 1 April 2003. Its current members include three (3) independent non-
executive Directors and one (1) non-executive Director, who are:

Independent Non-Executive Directors
Mr. LAU Chun Kay (Chairman)
Mr. LEE Chung Nai, Jones
Ms. CHUNG Kit Ying

Non-Executive Director
Ms. KOO Di An, Louise

The terms of reference of the Audit Committee are available on the Company’s website at https://perennial.todayir.
com and the Stock Exchange’s website.

The Audit Committee is mainly responsible for reviewing the Group’s financial and accounting policies and practices,
making recommendation to the Board on the appointment, re-appointment and removal of the external auditor
and any question of resignation or dismissal, their audit fees, matters relating to the independence of the external
auditor; meeting with the external auditor to discuss the nature and scope of the audit, and matters of concern when
requested to do so by the external auditor; reviewing the interim financial report and annual consolidated financial
statements before they are submitted to the Board; discussing problems and reservations arising from the interim
review and final audit, and any other matters the external auditor may wish to discuss, and reviewing the external
auditor’s letter to the management and the management’s response; considering any major investigation findings
on internal control and risk management systems matters as delegated by the Board or on its own initiative and the
management’s response to these findings and reviewing arrangements which employees may use, in confidence, to
raise concerns about possible improprieties in financial reporting, internal control, risk management systems or other
matters.
12   Perennial International Limited

     Corporate Governance Report (Continued)




     Board Committees (Continued)
     Audit Committee (Continued)
     The Audit Committee meets at least twice a year with the external auditor. The Audit Committee held two (2)
     meetings during the year ended 31 December 2024. An attendance record of its members at the Audit Committee
     meetings is set out on page 16 of this report.

     The Audit Committee has reviewed the interim financial report for the six months ended 30 June 2024 and the
     audited financial results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024 and the accounting principles and
     practices adopted by the Group. The Audit Committee also reviewed the adequacy and effectiveness of the
     Company’s internal control and risk management systems and made recommendations to the Board. The Board has
     engaged an outsourced consultant to perform internal control review services for the Group.

     The Audit Committee has full and direct access to the outsourced internal audit consultant, reviews the reports on all
     audits performed and monitors the audit performance. The Audit Committee also reviews the adequacy of the scope,
     functions, competency and resources of the outsourced internal audit functions.

     Remuneration Committee
     The Remuneration Committee was established on 21 November 2005. Its current members include three (3)
     independent non-executive Directors and one (1) non-executive Director, who are:

     Independent Non-Executive Directors
     Mr. LAU Chun Kay (Chairman)
     Mr. LEE Chung Nai, Jones
     Ms. CHUNG Kit Ying

     Non-Executive Director
     Ms. KOO Di An, Louise

     The Remuneration Committee is mainly responsible for reviewing the Group’s remuneration policies, determining
     the specific remuneration packages for executive Directors and senior management, including terms of salary,
     discretionary bonus scheme, benefits in kind, pension rights, compensation payments and other long-term incentive
     schemes, and making recommendations to the Board on remuneration of the non– executive Directors and senior
     management. The terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee setting out its authority and responsibilities
     are available on the Company’s website at https://perennial.todayir.com and the Stock Exchange’s website.

     The Remuneration Committee met once (1) in the year of 2024. During the meeting, the committee members
     discussed the policy for the remuneration of the executive Directors and senior management, assessed the
     performance of the executive Directors and approved the remuneration packages of the executive Directors. An
     attendance record of its members at the Remuneration Committee meeting is set out on page 16 of this report.

     Nomination Committee
     The Nomination Committee was established on 21 November 2005. Its current members include three (3)
     independent non-executive Directors and one (1) non-executive Director, who are:

     Independent Non-Executive Directors
     Mr. LAU Chun Kay (Chairman)
     Mr. LEE Chung Nai, Jones
     Ms. CHUNG Kit Ying

     Non-Executive Director
     Ms. KOO Di An, Louise

     The Board adopts a board diversity policy (the “Board Diversity Policy”) which sets out its approach to achieve
     and maintain its diversity through consideration of a number of measurable objectives including skills, professional
     experience, cultural and educational background, gender, age, as well as other attributes and strengths that are
     required for the Company’s business from time to time. Board appointments are made on a merit basis and
     candidates are considered against objective selection criteria, with due regard for the benefits of diversity on the
     Board.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   13
                                                                          Corporate Governance Report (Continued)




Board Committees (Continued)
Nomination Committee (Continued)
The Nomination Committee is mainly responsible for reviewing the structure, size, composition and diversity
(including, without limitation, gender, age, cultural and educational backgrounds, skills, knowledge and experience)
of the Board on a regular basis, reviewing the candidates’ qualification and competence and the Board Diversity
Policy, assessing the independence of the independent non-executive Directors and making recommendations to
the Board on appointment and re-appointment of Directors and the requirement on board diversity, so as to ensure
that all nominations are fair and transparent. Having taken into account the above objective criteria, the Nomination
Committee was of the view that the Company has a diverse Board. The revised terms of reference of the Nomination
Committee setting out its authority and responsibilities are available on the Company’s website at https://perennial.
todayir.com and the Stock Exchange’s website.

The Nomination Committee met once (1) in the year of 2024. During the meeting, the committee members discussed
the procedures and criteria which should be adopted by them in nominating candidates for directorship and agreed
that such criteria should include the candidates’ professional background, their financial and commercial experience
and their past track record with other listed companies (if any). Candidates who satisfy the relevant criteria are
then short-listed by the chairman of the Nomination Committee before their nominations are proposed to the
Nomination Committee. The Nomination Committee subsequently meets to select the final candidates and submit
its recommendation to the Board for its final approval. An attendance record of its members at the Nomination
Committee meeting is set out on page 16 of this report.

The Company currently has four female Directors and the Board will endeavour to at least maintain female
representation on the Board and take opportunities to increase the proportion of female members over time as and
when suitable candidates are identified.

Compliance Committee
The Compliance Committee was established on 25 November 2005. Its current members include five (5) executive
Directors, one (1) non-executive Director and three (3) independent non-executive Directors, who are:

Executive Directors
Mr. MON Chung Hung
Mr. CHAN Chun Yiu
Ms. MON Wai Ki, Vicky
Ms. MON Tiffany
Mr. MON Derek

Non-Executive Director
Ms. KOO Di An, Louise (Chairman)

Independent Non-Executive Directors
Mr. LAU Chun Kay
Mr. LEE Chung Nai, Jones
Ms. CHUNG Kit Ying

The Compliance Committee is mainly responsible for (i) reviewing corporate communication issued by the Company
so as to ensure compliance in every respect with the listing requirements contained in the Listing Rules; and
(ii) reviewing transactions entered into by the Company so as to ensure compliance with the relevant laws and
regulations applicable to the Company whether of Hong Kong or elsewhere. To enhance corporate governance,
the Compliance Committee was also delegated with the responsibilities of (i) developing and reviewing the
Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and making recommendations to the Board; (ii) reviewing
and monitoring the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior management; (iii)
developing, reviewing and monitoring the code of conduct applicable to employees and Directors; and (iv) reviewing
the Company’s compliance with the Code and disclosure in the corporate governance report. Where necessary, the
Compliance Committee would seek professional advice in respect of the requirements of the Listing Rules and other
applicable laws and regulations so as to improve the existing compliance procedures of the Company.

The Compliance Committee held one (1) meeting during the year ended 31 December 2024. During the meeting,
the committee members discussed the recent amendments to the Listing Rules relating to corporate governance
and resolved that more resources should be allocated for meeting the increasingly stringent requirements of the
regulatory authorities. It was also suggested all future amendments to the Listing Rules should be circulated to
members of the senior management so that they all understand and can help the Company to comply with its
obligations under the Listing Rules and seminars on Listing Rules updates and corporate governance practices should
be arranged for members of the senior management and other interested Directors. An attendance record of its
members at the Compliance Committee meeting is set out on page 16 of this report.
14   Perennial International Limited

     Corporate Governance Report (Continued)




     Internal Control
     The Board is responsible for internal control of the Group and for reviewing its effectiveness. Procedures have
     been designed for safeguarding assets against unauthorised use or disposition, ensuring the maintenance of
     proper accounting records for the provision of reliable financial information for internal use or for publication, and
     ensuring compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations. The procedures provide reasonable but not absolute
     assurance against material errors, losses or fraud.

     The Board has engaged an outsourced internal audit consultant to perform independent internal control review
     services. Thereafter, the outsourced consultant has assisted the Group to perform a review of the effectiveness
     of internal control system for certain selected processes. The assessment results and proposed improvement
     recommendations were reported to the Audit Committee.

     The Board, through the Audit Committee, has reviewed annually the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control
     system covering all material controls, including financial, operational and compliance controls and risk management
     functions and, in particular, consider the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training
     programmes and budget of the Group’s accounting and financial reporting function for the year ended 31 December
     2024. Based on the findings of the outsourced internal audit consultant and the comments of the Audit Committee,
     the Board considers that the Group’s internal control system is effective and adequate. Areas for improvement
     identified and appropriate measures taken so as to provide assurance that key business and operational risks are
     identified and managed.

     The key procedures that the Board has established to provide effective internal control are as follows:

     (a)   a comprehensive monthly management reporting system is in place providing financial and operational
           performance indicators to the management, and the relevant financial information for reporting and disclosure
           purpose;

     (b)   management structure with defined roles, responsibilities and reporting lines are established. Delegated
           authorities are documented and communicated; and

     (c)   system and procedures are in place to identify, measure, manage and control risks including liquidity, credit,
           market, business, regulatory, operational and reputational risks that may have an impact on the Group.

     Risk Management Function
     The Group has established a robust risk management framework, which consists of the Board, the Audit Committee
     and Senior Management of the Group. The Board determines the nature and extent of risks that shall be taken in
     achieving the Group’s strategic objectives, and has the overall responsibility for monitoring the overall effectiveness
     of risk management. The Group identifies key risks that would adversely affect the achievement of the Group’s
     objectives, and assesses and prioritises the identified risks according to a set of standard criteria. Risk mitigation
     plans are then established by the risk owners to manage the risks to acceptable level.

     The Board, through the Audit Committee, has reviewed annually the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management
     system for the year ended 31 December 2024. Based on the findings and the comments of the Audit Committee, the
     Board considers that the Group’s risk management system is effective and adequate.

     External Auditor
     The Audit Committee is responsible for considering the appointment, re-appointment and removal of external auditor
     subject to endorsement by the Board and final approval and authorisation by shareholders of the Company in general
     meeting. The Audit Committee assesses the external auditor, taking into account factors such as the performance
     and quality of the audit and the objectivity and independence of auditor. The existing auditor of the Company is Forvis
     Mazars CPA Limited (“Forvis Mazars”) (formerly known as Mazars CPA Limited) who was first appointed in 2023.

     External Auditor’s Remuneration
     The Group was charged HK$948,000 and HK$222,000 by Forvis Mazars for audit and non-audit services respectively
     for the year ended 31 December 2024. The non-audit services mainly consist of taxation services.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024    15
                                                                           Corporate Governance Report (Continued)




Financial Reporting
The Board, supported by the accounts department, is responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial
statements of the Company and the Group. In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Board has adopted
generally accepted accounting standards in Hong Kong and complied with accounting standards issued by the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Appropriate accounting policies have also been used and applied
consistently.

The reporting responsibilities of the external auditor are set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 23 to
27 of this annual report.

Model Code for Securities Transactions
The Company has adopted a code of conduct regarding Directors’ and employees’ securities transactions on terms
no less exacting than the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”)
as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules. Having made specific enquiry of all Directors, they had complied with
the required standards of the said code during the year.

Shareholders’ Rights
The Board and management shall ensure shareholders’ rights and all shareholders are treated equitably and
fairly. Pursuant to the Company’s Bye-laws, any shareholder entitled to attend and vote at a general meeting of
the Company is entitled to appoint another person as his proxy to attend and vote instead of him. In addition,
shareholders who hold not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company shall have the right, by written
requisition to the Board or the Company Secretary of the Company, to require a special general meeting to be called
by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition. The requisition must state the purposes
of the meeting, and must be signed by the requisitionists and deposited at the registered office of the Company,
and may consist of several documents in like form each signed by one or more requisitionists. If the Directors do not
within 21 days from the date of the deposit of the requisition proceed duly to convene a meeting, the requisitionists,
or any of them representing more than one half of the total voting rights of all of them, may themselves convene a
meeting, but any meeting so convened shall not be held after the expiration of three (3) months from the said date.

Moreover, shareholders who hold not less than one-twentieth of the paid up capital of the Company or not less than
100 shareholders shall have the right, by written requisition to the Board or the Company Secretary of the Company,
to put forward a resolution which may properly be moved and is intended to be moved at an annual general meeting.
The Company shall not be bound to give notice of the proposed resolution or circulate a statement with respect
to the matter referred to in the proposed resolution to shareholders unless (a) a copy of the requisition signed by
the requisitionists, or two or more copies which between them contain the signatures of all the requisitionists, is
deposited at the registered office of the Company not less than six (6) weeks before the meeting in the case of
a requisition requiring notice of a resolution and not less than one (1) week before the meeting in the case of any
other requisition and (b) there is deposited or tendered with the requisition a sum reasonably sufficient to meet
the Company’s expenses in giving effect thereto. If, however, after a copy of the requisition requiring notice of a
resolution has been deposited at the registered office of the Company, an annual general meeting is called for a date
six (6) weeks or less after the copy has been deposited, the copy though not deposited within the time required as
referred to above shall be deemed to have been properly deposited for the purposes thereof.

Chairmen of the various Board committees, or failing the Chairmen, any member from the respective committees,
must attend the annual general meetings of the Company to address shareholders’ queries. External auditor shall also
be invited to attend the Company’s annual general meetings and are available to assist the Directors in addressing
queries from shareholders relating to the conduct of the audit and the preparation and content of its auditor’s report.

For each substantially separate issue at a general meeting, a separate resolution would be proposed. Resolutions
put to the vote at any general meeting (other than those on procedural and administrative matters) are taken by
poll. Procedures regarding the conduct of the poll are explained to the shareholders at the commencement of each
general meeting, and questions (if any) from shareholders regarding the voting procedures would be answered.
16   Perennial International Limited

     Corporate Governance Report (Continued)




     Investor Relations
     The Company believes in regular and timely communication with shareholders as part of its efforts to help
     shareholders understand its business better and the way the Company operates.

     To promote effective communication with the public at large, the Company maintains a website on which
     comprehensive information about the Company, its major businesses, financial information and particulars of
     Directors are posted. The Company’s publications, including press releases, announcements, annual and interim
     reports, shareholders circulars are being made available on this website (https://perennial.todayir.com).

     In addition, shareholders who have any enquiries regarding the Company may send their enquiries in writing to the
     principal place of business of the Company in Hong Kong for the attention of the Company Secretary who will then
     forward the same to the Board and/or the relevant Board committees for response (where appropriate). The Company
     reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the shareholders’ communication policy and considered it to be
     effective.

     To support environmental protection, save costs and enhance efficient communication between the Company
     and Shareholders, pursuant to Rule 2.07A of the Listing Rules, the Company has implemented the electronic
     dissemination of corporate communication. Details of such arrangements are set out on the Company’s website.

     The Bye-laws of the Company is available on the websites of the Company (https://perennial.todayir.com) and the
     Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk).

     Company Secretary
     Mr. Lai Wing Hong is the company secretary of the Company. He has complied with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules
     and has taken no less than 15 hours of relevant professional training during the financial year ended 31 December
     2024.

     Directors’ Attendance at Board, Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee,
     Nomination Committee, Compliance Committee and General Meetings
                                                                     Audit   Remuneration   Nomination   Compliance
                                                        Board    Committee     Committee    Committee    Committee     General
                                                      Meetings    Meetings      Meetings      Meetings     Meetings   Meetings

      Total number of meetings held during
        the year ended 31 December 2024                      4           2              1            1            1          1

      Number of meetings attended:

      Executive Directors
      Mr. MON Chung Hung
        (Chief Executive Officer & Deputy Chairman)          4         N/A            N/A          N/A            1         1
      Mr. CHAN Chun Yiu                                      4         N/A            N/A          N/A            1         1
      Ms. MON Wai Ki, Vicky                                  4         N/A            N/A          N/A            1         1
      Ms. MON Tiffany                                        4         N/A            N/A          N/A            1         1
      Mr. MON Derek                                          4         N/A            N/A          N/A            1         1

      Non-Executive Director
      Ms. KOO Di An, Louise (Chairman)                      4            2              1            1            1         0

      Independent Non-Executive Directors
      Mr. LAU Chun Kay                                      3            1              1            1            1         1
      Mr. LEE Chung Nai, Jones                              4            2              1            1            1         1
      Ms. CHUNG Kit Ying                                    4            2              1            1            1         1
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024    17

                                                                            DIRECTORS’ REPORT
The Directors are pleased to present their report together with the audited consolidated financial statements for the
year ended 31 December 2024.

Principal Activities and Geographical Analysis of Operations
The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. Its subsidiaries are principally engaged in the
manufacturing and trading of electric cable and wire products. The activities of the subsidiaries are set out in note 28
to the consolidated financial statements.

An analysis of the Group’s performance for the year by geographical segment is set out in note 5 to the consolidated
financial statements.

Five Years Financial Summary
A summary of the results, assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is set out below. Due
to the change in accounting policy for land and buildings, the Group has made retrospective adjustments and
restatement on the comparative amounts for the previous years in accordance with HKAS 8.

                                                  2024            2023           2022            2021           2020
                                               HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000

  Revenue                                       328,578        303,527         324,524        373,472         282,342
  Profit for the year                            25,804         15,746          18,510         23,597         (11,993)
  Total assets                                  495,982        454,852         467,328        536,936         480,718
  Total liabilities                              64,332         45,328          63,158        127,753         103,341
  Total equity                                  431,650        409,524         404,170        409,183         377,377


Analysis of the Group’s Performance
An analysis of the Group’s performance is set forth in the Chairman’s Statement on pages 4 to 7 of this report.

Major Suppliers and Customers
The percentages of purchases and sales for the year attributable to the Group’s major suppliers and customers
respectively, classified by individual entity, are as follows:

                                                                                                                    %

  Purchases
    – the largest supplier                                                                                        22%
    – five largest suppliers combined                                                                             65%
  Sales
    – the largest customer                                                                                        37%
    – five largest customers combined                                                                             82%

None of the directors, their close associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) or any shareholder (which to the
knowledge of the directors owns more than 5% of the Company’s share capital) had an interest in the major
suppliers or customers noted above.

Dividend Policy
Pursuant to the Dividend Policy, the Board shall also take into account the following factors of the Company and its
subsidiaries when considering the declaration and payment of dividends:

(a)   operating and financial results;
(b)   cash flow situation;
(c)   business conditions and strategies;
(d)   future operations and earnings;
(e)   taxation considerations;
(f)   capital requirements and expenditure plans;
(g)   interests of shareholders;
(h)   restrictions under the Bermuda Laws and the Company’s memorandum of association and the bye-laws of the
      Company; and
(i)   any other factors that the Board may consider relevant.
18   Perennial International Limited

     Directors’ Report (Continued)




     Results and Appropriations
     The results of the Group for the year are set out in the consolidated income statement on page 28 of this report.

     The Group has paid an interim dividend of HK$0.02 per share on 19 September 2024.

     The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.03 per share for the year.

     Principal Properties
     Details of the principal properties held for the Group’s main operations are set out in note 15 to the consolidated
     financial statements.

     Details of the principal properties held for investment purposes are set out in note 16 to the consolidated financial
     statements.

     Share issued in the year
     No new shares were issued during the year. Details of shares issued as at 31 December 2024 are set out in note 21
     to the consolidated financial statements.

     Distributable Reserves
     As at 31 December 2024, the Company’s reserves available for distribution, calculated in accordance with the laws of
     Bermuda, amounted to HK$24,208,000. In addition, the Company’s contributed surplus, amounting to HK$62,548,000
     as at 31 December 2024, is available for distribution. However, the Company cannot declare or pay a dividend, or
     make a distribution out of the contributed surplus if (i) it is, or would after the payment be, unable to pay its liabilities
     as they become due; or (ii) the net realisable value of its assets would thereby be less than the aggregate of its
     liabilities and its share capital and share premium account. The Company’s share premium account with a balance of
     HK$15,885,000 as at 31 December 2024 is distributable in the form of fully-paid bonus shares.

     Donations
     Charitable donations made by the Group during the year amounted to approximately HK$1,990,000.

     Pre-Emptive Rights
     There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s Bye-laws and there is no restriction against
     such rights under the laws of Bermuda, which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to
     existing shareholders.

     Purchase, Sale and Redemption of the Company’s Listed Securities
     The Company has not redeemed any of its shares during the year. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries
     has purchased, redeemed or sold any of the Company’s shares during the year.

     Public Float
     Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, more
     than 25% of the Company’s issued shares was held by the public as at 27 March 2025, being the latest practicable
     date prior to the issue of this annual report, in accordance with Rule 8.08 of the Listing Rules.

     Analysis of Bank Loans and Other Borrowings
     The Group did not have any bank loan and other borrowing as at 31 December 2024.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024    19
                                                                                       Directors’ Report (Continued)




Directors
The Directors of the Company during the year and up to the date of this report were:

Executive Directors
Mr. MON Chung Hung (Chief Executive Officer & Deputy Chairman)
Mr. CHAN Chun Yiu
Ms. MON Wai Ki, Vicky
Ms. MON Tiffany
Mr. MON Derek

Non-Executive Director
Ms. KOO Di An, Louise (Chairman)

Independent Non-Executive Directors
Mr. LAU Chun Kay
Mr. LEE Chung Nai, Jones
Ms. CHUNG Kit Ying

Ms. KOO Di An, Louise, Ms. MON Tiffany and Mr. LEE Chung Nai, Jones will retire in accordance with clause 111
of the Company’s Bye-laws at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting of the Company. All of them, being eligible,
offer themselves for re-election.

The term of office of each non-executive and independent non– executive director is not more than three years and
subject to retirement by rotation in accordance with the Company’s Bye-laws.

Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management
The biographical details of the directors and senior management of the Company are set out as follows:

Executive Directors
Mr. Mon Chung Hung , aged 74, is the founder of the Group, the Chief Executive Officer, the Deputy Chairman, an
executive Director, the Authorised Representative and a member of the compliance committee of the Board. Mr.
Mon has over 46 years of experience in the electric cable and wire industry. He is responsible for the Group’s overall
strategic planning and policy making. Mr. Mon is a director of Spector Holdings Limited, the controlling shareholder
of the Company. He is also the husband of Ms. Koo Di An, Louise and the father of Ms. Mon Wai Ki, Vicky, Ms. Mon
Tiffany and Mr. Mon Derek.

Mr. Chan Chun Yiu , aged 53, is an executive Director, the Authorised Representative and a member of the
compliance committee of the Board. He is also the Group’s Manufacturing Manager and is responsible for quality
management and manufacturing engineering. He joined the Group in 1997, holds a Bachelor degree and Master
degree in Mechanical Engineering and has over 28 years of experience in the electric cable and wire industry.

Ms. Mon Wai Ki, Vicky , aged 50, is an executive Director and a member of the compliance committee of the Board.
She graduated from the Central Queensland University in Australia with a Bachelor of Communications degree. She
joined the Group in 2004. As the Marketing Executive, she participates in developing marketing strategies. She is the
daughter of Mr. Mon Chung Hung and Ms. Koo Di An, Louise, and the elder sister of Ms. Mon Tiffany and Mr. Mon
Derek.

Ms. Mon Tiffany , aged 45, is an executive Director and a member of the compliance committee of the Board,
bringing over two decades of experience since joining the Group in 2002. She holds a bachelor’s double major degree
in economics and management from the University of Sydney, Australia, and is certified as an “RSSGB” (Registered
Six Sigma Green Belt) by Six Sigma Institute. She has attained a Professional Diploma for Company Director and a
Certificate in Sustainability from the Hong Kong Institute of Directors. In her role as the Marketing Communications
Manager, she coordinates marketing strategies and oversees the information system of the Group. Ms. Mon is the
daughter of Mr. Mon Chung Hung and Ms. Koo Di An, Louise, and the younger sister of Ms. Mon Wai Ki, Vicky and
the elder sister of Mr. Mon Derek.

Mr. Mon Derek , aged 37, is an executive Director and a member of the compliance committee of the Board and is
also the Group’s sales and marketing manager. He joined the group in 2013. He graduated from University of Sydney
with a Bachelor of Science and Technology. He obtained “LSSBB” (Lean Six Sigma Black Belt) certification from Six
Sigma Institute. Being the Group’s sales representative, he also participates in new product development and product
sales. Mr. Mon Derek is the son of Mr. Mon Chung Hung and Ms. Koo Di An, Louise, and the younger brother of Ms.
Mon Wai Ki, Vicky and Ms. Mon Tiffany.
20   Perennial International Limited

     Directors’ Report (Continued)




     Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management (Continued)
     Non-Executive Director
     Ms. Koo Di An , Louise, aged 73, is the Chairman, a non-executive Director, the chairman of the compliance
     committee and a member of the audit, remuneration and nomination committees of the Board. She joined the Group
     in 1989. Ms. Koo is a director of Spector Holdings Limited, the controlling shareholder of the Company. She is also
     the wife of Mr. Mon Chung Hung and the mother of Ms. Mon Wai Ki, Vicky, Ms. Mon Tiffany and Mr. Mon Derek.

     Independent Non-Executive Directors
     Mr. Lau Chun Kay , B.Sc., MBA, M.A., aged 76, is an independent non-executive Director, the chairman of the audit,
     remuneration and nomination committees and a member of the compliance committee of the Board. He joined the
     Group in 1996. Mr. Lau is a registered professional engineer and holds a master’s degree in business administration
     and a bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering from the University of Hong Kong, and a master degree in history
     and a master degree in Philosophy from the Chinese University of Hong Kong. Mr. Lau is a Life President of the Hong
     Kong Electrical Contractors Association. He is also the Executive Director of the Hong Kong Federation of Electrical
     and Mechanical Contractors. He has over 53 years of experience in management and engineering.

     Mr. Lee Chung Nai , Jones, aged 76, is an independent non-executive Director and a member of the audit,
     remuneration, nomination and compliance committees of the Board. He joined the Group in 2010. Mr. Lee has over
     41 years of experience in international trade in toys, among which Mr. Lee had also operated a toys factory with 2,000
     workers in China for 11 years. Mr. Lee had also operated a subsidiary company in Hong Kong for a listed company in
     Australia. Mr. Lee has his own toy company.

     Ms. Chung Kit Ying , aged 50, is an independent non-executive Director and a member of the audit, remuneration,
     nomination and compliance committee of the Board. She joined the Group in December 2017. Ms. Chung obtained
     a degree of Bachelor of Business Administration and a degree of Master of Science in Finance from the Chinese
     University of Hong Kong in 1997 and 2007, respectively. Ms. Chung has worked in an international firm of certified
     public accountants and the finance department of a listed group, and has over 26 years of experience in accounting
     and auditing. Ms. Chung is a member of Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and a fellow
     member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (“ACCA”).

     Senior Management
     Mr. Wong Andy Tze On, aged 57, is the Chief Financial Officer (the “CFO”). He joined the Group in 2021. Mr. Wong
     has over 27 years of experience in financial management of multinational corporations. He was formally an executive
     director and the CFO of a locally listed electronic manufacturing group with operations in the US, and production
     facilities on Mainland China and Indonesia from 1997 to 2019. From August 2020 to September 2021, Mr. Wong was
     the CFO, authorised representative and Company Secretary of another listed company. Mr. Wong holds a business
     degree in accounting from Curtin University of Technology, Western Australia and a member of He is a fellow
     member of the CPA Australia and a member of the Association of Chinese Internal Auditors and the Pan– Asia Risk
     and Insurance Management Association.

     Mr. Siu Yuk Shing , Marco, aged 65, is the Sales Director of the Group and is responsible for sales of the Group’s
     products and product development. He joined the Group in 1989. Mr. Siu has over 36 years of experience in the
     electric cable and wire industry. Mr. Siu is the directors of several operating subsidiaries of the Company.

     Mr. Lai Wing Hong , aged 47, is the Finance Manager and Company Secretary of the Company. He is fellow members
     of the HKICPA and the ACCA. He holds a Bachelor (Honours) Degree in Accountancy from the Hong Kong Polytechnic
     University and a Master Degree in Business Administration from the Holmes Institute. Mr. Lai joined the Group in
     2019 and is responsible for finance functions and the Company Secretary work. He has over 23 years of experience
     in auditing and accounting including being the company secretary and the senior financial executive of a GEM board
     listed company in Hong Kong.

     Directors’ Service Contracts
     None of the Directors proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting has a service contract with
     the Company which is not determinable within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory
     compensation.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   21
                                                                                            Directors’ Report (Continued)




Directors’ Material Interests in Transactions, Arrangements and Contracts that are
Significant in Relation to the Group’s Business
No transactions, arrangements and contracts of significance in relation to the Group’s business to which its holding
company or the Company’s subsidiaries was a party, and in which a director of the Company and the directors’
connected party had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time
during the year.

Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in the Shares,
Underlying Shares and Debentures
As at 31 December 2024, the interests and short positions of the Directors and the chief executives of the Company
in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning
of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (“SFO”)), which were
required (i) to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the
SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the
SFO), or (ii) pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein or (iii) pursuant to
the Model Code, to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange, were as follows:

Ordinary shares of HK$0.10 each in the Company (the “Shares”)
Long Positions in Shares

                                                                                                                      Total
                                                                                                                 interests
                                                                                                                   as % of
                                                           Number of shares                                   the relevant
                                       Personal             Family     Corporate                  Total             issued
 Name                                  interests          interests     interests             interests      share capital

 MON Chung Hung                                 –                 –     147,810,000        147,810,000            74.29%
                                                                            (note 1)
 KOO Di An, Louise                              –     147,810,000                  –       147,810,000            74.29%
                                                          (note 2)
 LAU Chun Kay                            138,000                 –                  –          138,000              0.07%

Note 1: The 147,810,000 Shares were held in the name of Spector Holdings Limited (“Spector Holdings”) which is beneficially
        owned as to 99.9% by Mr. Mon Chung Hung (“Mr. Mon”) and as to the remaining 0.1% by Ms. Koo Di An, Louise (“Ms.
        Koo”). Therefore, Mr. Mon is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Spector Holdings. Each of Mr. Mon and Ms.
        Koo is a director of Spector Holdings.

Note 2: Ms. Koo is the wife of Mr. Mon and is thus deemed to be interested in the Shares in which Mr. Mon is deemed to be
        interested.

Interest in Shares of Associated Corporation of the Company

                                                                                                          Approximate %
                                                                                                          of shareholding
                          Name of associated                                                                in associated
 Name of Director         corporation                  Capacity                                               corporation

 Mr. Mon                  Spector Holdings             Beneficial owner                                             99.9%
 Ms. Koo                  Spector Holdings             Beneficial owner                                              0.1%

All the interests stated above represent long positions. Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2024, none of
the Directors and chief executives of the Company had any interests or short positions in any shares, underlying
shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the
SFO) which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of
Part XV of the SFO or to be entered in the register referred to therein pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO.

Other than those disclosed above, at no time during the year ended 31 December 2024 was the Company or any
of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors or chief executives of the Company or any of
their associates to acquire benefits by means of acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other
body corporate.
22   Perennial International Limited

     Directors’ Report (Continued)




     Substantial Shareholders’ Interests in the Share Capital of the Company
     As at 31 December 2024, as far as known to the Directors, the following person (other than the Directors and
     chief executives of the Company) had an interest or short position in the Shares or underlying Shares which would
     be required to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or as
     recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO:

                                                                                                                          Total
                                                                                                                     interests
                                                                                                                       as % of
                                                                  Number of Shares                                the relevant
                                         Personal       Family        Corporate         Other            Total          issued
      Name                               interests    interests        interests     interests       interests   share capital

      Spector Holdings                 147,810,000           –                –              –    147,810,000         74.29%
        Limited                            (note 1)

     Note 1: Spector Holdings is owned as to 99.9% by Mr. Mon and as to the remaining 0.1% by Ms. Koo.

     All the interests stated above represent long positions. Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2024, the
     Directors are not aware of any other person who had an interest or a short position in the Shares as recorded in the
     register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO.

     Management Contracts
     No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of
     the Company were entered into or existed during the year.

     Directors’ Interest in Competing Business
     None of the Directors has an interest in any business which competes or is likely to compete with the business of
     the Group.

     Business Review
     Business review of the Group is set forth in the Chairman’s Statement on pages 4 to 7 of this report.

     Permitted Indemnity Provisions
     At no time during the financial year and up to the date of this Directors’ Report, there was or is, any permitted
     indemnity provision being in force for the benefit of any of the directors of the Company (whether made by the
     Company or otherwise) or an associated company (if made by the Company).

     Auditor
     The consolidated financial statements have been audited by Forvis Mazars who will retire at the forthcoming annual
     general meeting of the Company and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-appointment.

     On behalf of the Board
     Koo Di An, Louise
     Chairman

     Hong Kong, 27 March 2025
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024    23

                                               INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
                                                                                        Forvis Mazars CPA Limited
                                                                                                  42/F, Central Plaza
                                                                                                    18 Harbour Road
                                                                                                Wanchai, Hong Kong
                                                                                                Tel: +852 2909 5555
                                                                                               Fax: +852 2810 0032
                                                                                   Email: info.hk@forvismazars.com
                                                                              Website: www.forvismazars.com/hk/en

Perennial International Limited
To the shareholders of Perennial International Limited
(incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)

Opinion
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Perennial International Limited (the “Company”) and
its subsidiaries (together the “Group”) set out on pages 28 to 71, which comprise the consolidated statement of
financial position as at 31 December 2024, and the consolidated income statement, the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash
flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting
policy information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group
as at 31 December 2024, and of its financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with
HKFRS Accounting Standards issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”) and
have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Companies Ordinance.

Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA.
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the “Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of
the Consolidated Financial Statements” section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with
the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
24   Perennial International Limited

     Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)




     Key Audit Matters
     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
     consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit
     of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
     separate opinion on these matters.

      Key Audit Matter                                           How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

      Valuation of investment properties                         Our key procedures, where applicable on a sample basis,
      The Group owns investment properties in Hong Kong          included:
      and the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) for
      investment purpose. These properties are classified        •    Obtaining an understanding of the management’s
      as investment properties according to their use                 internal control and assessment process of
      with carrying amount of HK$83.4 million as at 31                valuation for investment properties and assessing
      December 2024. For the year ended 31 December                   the inherent risk of material misstatement by
      2024, revaluation loss of HK$8.1 million relating to the        considering the degree of estimation uncertainty
      investment properties is recorded in the consolidated           and level of other inherent risk factors;
      income statement.
                                                                 •    Assessing the competence, capabilities and
      The valuations of the investment properties are                 objectivity of the independent professional qualified
      inherently subjective due to, among other factors, the          valuer;
      individual nature of each property and its location.
                                                                 •    Assessing the reasonableness of the valuation
      The valuations of the investment properties were                methods, key assumptions and underlying data
      carried out by independent professional qualified               including comparable market transactions adopted
      valuer.                                                         by the independent professional qualified valuer
                                                                      based on our knowledge of the market;
      We identified the valuation of investment properties
      as a key audit matter because of its significance to the   •    Performing sensitivity analysis of the key
      consolidated financial statements and the judgement             assumptions to assess what changes thereto,
      and estimation involved in the valuation and the                either individually or collectively, would result in a
      determination of the key assumptions applied in the             different conclusion being reached and assessing
      valuation model.                                                whether there were any indicators of management
                                                                      bias in the selection of key assumptions; and
      Related disclosures are included in notes 2.7, 4.2 and
      16 to the consolidated financial statements.               •    Considering the adequacy of the Group’s disclosure
                                                                      in respect of the fair value measurement.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   25
                                                                             Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)




Key Audit Matters (Continued)
 Key Audit Matter                                             How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

 Impairment of land and buildings                             Our key procedures, where applicable on a sample basis,
 The carrying amount of the Group’s property, plant           included:
 and equipment amounted to HK$123.9 million as at 31
 December 2024. Of which, the total carrying amount of        •    Discussing the process and basis used to identify
 the Group’s land and buildings amounted to HK$103.2               indicators of impairment of land and buildings
 million as at 31 December 2024. Any impairment of                 with management and reviewing profitability of
 those assets identified may have material impact on               land and buildings, where such indicators were
 the consolidated financial statements.                            identified, assessing whether management had
                                                                   performed impairment testing in accordance with
 At the end of each reporting period, the Group                    the requirements of HKFRS Accounting Standards;
 reviewed internal and external sources of information,
 including but not limited to technical obsolescence to       •    Assessing the competence, capabilities and
 usage, significant change in use of assets with adverse           objectivity of the independent professional qualified
 effect on the Group and economic performance of an                valuer;
 asset was expected to be worse than expected, to
 assess whether there is any indication that land and         •    Assessing the reasonableness of the valuation
 buildings may be impaired.                                        methods, key assumptions and underlying data
                                                                   including comparable market transactions adopted
 If any such indication exists, an impairment test will            by the independent professional qualified valuer
 be conducted. The carrying amounts of the assets will             based on our knowledge of the market;
 be written down to their recoverable amounts which
 are the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and      •    Performing sensitivity analysis of the key
 value in use. The Group shall perform impairment                  assumptions to assess what changes thereto,
 assessment on land and buildings by estimating the                either individually or collectively, would result in a
 recoverable amounts of the cash generating units                  different conclusion being reached and assessing
 (“CGUs”) to which the land and buildings belong                   whether there were any indicators of management
 principally based on their value in use or, if applicable,        bias in the selection of key assumptions; and
 to measure the recoverable amount of certain individual
 land and building with reference to their fair value less    •    Considering the adequacy of the Group’s disclosure
 costs of disposal.                                                in respect of the impairment assessment.

 We identified the impairment of land and buildings as
 a key audit matter because of its significance to the
 consolidated financial statements and the judgement
 and estimation involved in the impairment review and
 test of land and buildings including the consideration of
 the indicators of impairment and the determination of
 the key assumptions applied in the impairment model.

 Related disclosures are included in notes 2.8, 4.6 and
 15 to the consolidated financial statements.


Other Information
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the 2024 annual report of the Company but does not include the consolidated financial
statements and our auditor’s report thereon, which we obtained prior to the date of this auditor’s report, and the
environmental, social and governance report (the “ESG report”) for the year 2024, which is expected to be made
available to us after that date.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not and will not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with
the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially
misstated. If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of
this auditor’s report, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to
report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
26   Perennial International Limited

     Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)




     Other Information (Continued)
     When we read the ESG report for the year 2024, if we conclude that there is a material misstatement therein, we are
     required to communicate the matter to the Audit Committee and take appropriate action considering our legal rights
     and obligations.

     Responsibilities of Directors and the Audit Committee for the Consolidated Financial
     Statements
     The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give
     a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure
     requirements of the Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to
     enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to
     fraud or error.

     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
     continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
     basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no
     realistic alternative but to do so.

     The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.


     Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
     Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
     are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
     opinion. This report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with Section 90 of the Companies Act 1981 of
     Bermuda and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person
     for the contents of this report.

     Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
     with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error
     and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
     economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

     As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
     skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

     •    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
          fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
          sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
          resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery,
          intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

     •    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
          appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
          Group’s internal control.

     •     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
           related disclosures made by the directors.

     •     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
           on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may
           cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
           uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the
           consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions
           are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or
           conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

     •    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
          the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
          events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

     •    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
          activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible
          for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
          opinion.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024    27
                                                                              Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)




Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our
audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current year and are therefore the key audit
matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our
report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
benefits of such communication.




Forvis Mazars CPA Limited
Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong, 27 March 2025

The engagement director on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is:
Chan Hiu Fun
Practising Certificate number: P05709
28   Perennial International Limited


     CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT
     For the year ended 31 December 2024


                                                                                          2024               2023
                                                                        Note           HK$’000            HK$’000

      Revenue                                                              5            328,578            303,527
      Cost of sales                                                                    (234,169)          (217,101)

      Gross profit                                                                       94,409             86,426
      Other income                                                         6             12,973              9,867
      Distribution expenses                                                             (11,760)            (7,259)
      Administrative expenses                                                           (56,016)           (56,088)
      Other operating expenses, net                                        7             (9,968)           (14,686)
      (Impairment loss)/Reversal of impairment loss on trade
        receivables                                                     3.1(iii)            (34)                41

      Operating profit                                                     8             29,604            18,301
      Finance costs                                                        9                 (8)             (689)

      Profit before taxation                                                             29,596            17,612
      Taxation                                                          10(a)            (3,792)           (1,866)

      Profit for the year attributable to shareholders of the Company                    25,804            15,746

      Basic and diluted earnings per share (HK cents)                     11               13.0                7.9




     The above consolidated income statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2024   29

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2024


                                                                                       2024                2023
                                                                                    HK$’000             HK$’000

 Profit for the year                                                                 25,804              15,746

 Other comprehensive income/(loss):
 Item that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
    Revaluation surplus on land and buildings, net of tax                             7,939                    –
 Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
    Exchange difference arising from translation of financial statements of
      foreign operations                                                              (7,691)             (4,423)

  Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                                        248               (4,423)

 Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to
   shareholders of the Company                                                       26,052              11,323




The above consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
notes.
30   Perennial International Limited


     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
     At 31 December 2024


                                                                                                 2024             2023
                                                                               Note           HK$’000          HK$’000

      ASSETS
      Non-current assets
        Property, plant and equipment                                           15            123,874          134,419
        Investment properties                                                   16             83,391           80,644
        Non-current deposits                                                                      204              390
        Deferred tax assets                                                    10(b)           11,010            7,742

                                                                                              218,479          223,195

      Current assets
        Inventories                                                             17            129,365          110,269
        Trade and bills receivables                                             18             80,903           69,054
        Other receivables, deposits and prepayments                                             6,144            5,542
        Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                   19              8,240            7,712
        Tax recoverable                                                                            86               72
        Cash and cash equivalents                                               20             52,765           39,008

                                                                                              277,503          231,657

      Total assets                                                                            495,982          454,852


      EQUITY
      Equity attributable to shareholders of the Company
        Share capital                                                           21             19,896           19,896
        Reserves                                                                              411,754          389,628

      Total equity                                                                            431,650          409,524

      LIABILITIES
      Non-current liabilities
        Lease liabilities                                                      15(b)                 –               47
        Deferred tax liabilities                                               10(b)             8,106            6,182

                                                                                                 8,106            6,229

      Current liabilities
        Trade and other payables                                                22              51,348           34,985
        Lease liabilities                                                      15(b)                47             454
        Derivative financial instruments                                                             –              410
        Tax payable                                                                              4,831            3,250

                                                                                                56,226           39,099

      Total liabilities                                                                         64,332           45,328

      Total equity and liabilities                                                            495,982          454,852

     The consolidated financial statements on pages 28 to 71 were approved by the Board of Directors on 27 March 2025
     and were signed on its behalf by

                            MON Chung Hung                                           CHAN Chun Yiu
                               Director                                                 Director

     The above consolidated statement of financial position should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                                                                                                                              Annual Report 2024      31

              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2024


                                                                                      Reserves
                                                                          Land and
                                                           Exchange        building     Capital
                                     Share       Share   fluctuation    revaluation redemption        Statutory   Retained                  Total
                                    capital   premium        reserve        reserve     reserve         reserve   earnings      Total      equity
                                   HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000
                                                                                                         (Note)

 At 1 January 2024                  19,896      15,885      (15,706)              –            104      12,876     376,469    389,628     409,524

 Profit for the year                     –           –             –              –              –            –     25,804     25,804      25,804

 Other comprehensive
   (loss)/income
 Revaluation surplus on land and
   buildings, net of tax                 –           –             –          7,939              –            –          –      7,939       7,939
 Exchange difference arising
   from translation of foreign
   operations                            –           –       (7,691)              –              –            –          –     (7,691)     (7,691)

 Other comprehensive (loss)/
   income for the year                   –           –       (7,691)          7,939              –            –          –        248         248

 Total comprehensive (loss)/
   income for the year                   –           –       (7,691)          7,939              –            –     25,804     26,052      26,052

 Transaction with owners
 Transfer to statutory reserve           –           –             –              –              –         590       (590)           –           –
 Dividend paid (note 12)                 –           –             –              –              –           –     (3,926)     (3,926)     (3,926)

                                         –           –             –              –              –         590     (4,516)     (3,926)     (3,926)

 At 31 December 2024                19,896      15,885      (23,397)          7,939            104      13,466     397,757    411,754     431,650

                                                                                        Reserves
                                                                           Land and
                                                           Exchange         building        Capital
                                     Share       Share    fluctuation    revaluation   redemption     Statutory   Retained                   Total
                                    capital   premium         reserve       reserve        reserve     reserve    earnings       Total      equity
                                   HK$’000    HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000
                                                                                                         (Note)
 At 1 January 2023                  19,896      15,885       (11,283)             –            104      12,365     367,203    384,274     404,170

 Profit for the year                     –           –             –              –              –            –     15,746     15,746      15,746

 Other comprehensive loss
 Exchange difference arising
   from translation of foreign
   operations                            –           –        (4,423)             –              –            –          –      (4,423)     (4,423)

 Total comprehensive (loss)/
   income for the year                   –           –        (4,423)             –              –            –     15,746     11,323      11,323

 Transaction with owners
 Transfer to statutory reserve           –           –             –              –              –         511        (511)          –           –
 Dividend paid (note 12)                 –           –             –              –              –           –      (5,969)     (5,969)     (5,969)

                                         –           –             –              –              –         511      (6,480)     (5,969)     (5,969)

 At 31 December 2023                19,896      15,885       (15,706)             –            104      12,876     376,469    389,628     409,524

Note:      In accordance with the relevant laws and regulations of the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), the Company’s PRC
           subsidiaries are required to appropriate to the statutory reserve an amount not less than 10% of the amount of profit
           after taxation (as reported in the respective statutory financial statements of the PRC subsidiaries prepared in accordance
           with the PRC accounting regulations). If the accumulated statutory reserve reaches 50% of the registered capital of the
           respective PRC subsidiary, the subsidiary may not be required to make any further appropriation. The statutory reserve can
           be utilised, upon approval by the relevant authorities, to offset accumulated losses or to increase registered capital of the
           subsidiary.

The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
32   Perennial International Limited


     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
     For the year ended 31 December 2024


                                                                                           2024                2023
                                                                      Note              HK$’000             HK$’000

      Cash flows from operating activities
      Cash generated from operations                                  24(a)               26,659                 63,226
      Hong Kong profits tax paid, net                                                     (1,614)                  (489)
      Overseas income tax paid, net                                                       (3,381)                (3,513)
      Interest paid                                                                           (8)                  (689)

      Net cash from operating activities                                                  21,656                 58,535

      Cash flows from investing activities
      Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                           (5,303)                (4,114)
      Deposits paid for property, plant and equipment                                          –                   (151)
      Dividend received from financial assets at FVPL                                        231                      –
      Interest received                                                                    1,053                    444
      Purchase of financial assets at FVPL                                               (21,321)                (7,788)
      Proceeds from sale of financial assets at FVPL                                      22,185                      –
      Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                                    120                    309

      Net cash used in investing activities                                               (3,035)            (11,300)

      Cash flows from financing activities
      Net repayment of bank loans                                     24(b)                    –             (19,000)
      Net repayment of trust receipt loans                            24(b)                    –              (3,775)
      Payments for principal portion of the lease liabilities         24(b)                 (454)               (445)
      Dividend paid                                                    12                 (3,926)             (5,969)

      Net cash used in financing activities                                               (4,380)            (29,189)

      Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                           14,241                 18,046
      Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                      39,008                 21,048
      Exchange difference on cash and cash equivalents                                      (484)                   (86)

      Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                         20                 52,765                 39,008




     The above consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024    33

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2024


1. General Information
   Perennial International Limited (the “Company”) is an investment holding company. The Company and its
   subsidiaries (together the “Group”) are principally engaged in the manufacturing and trading of electric cable
   and wire products. The principal activities of its subsidiaries are set out in note 28 to the consolidated financial
   statements.

   The Company is a limited liability company incorporated in Bermuda and its shares are listed on the Main Board
   of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”). The address of its registered office is
   Clarendon House, 2 Church Street, Hamilton HM11, Bermuda.

   These consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”) and all amounts have been
   rounded to the nearest thousand, unless otherwise stated.

2. Summary of Principal Accounting Policies
   2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION
        These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRS Accounting
        Standards, which collective term includes all applicable Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong
        Kong Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
        Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”), accounting principles generally accepted in Hong Kong and the
        disclosure requirements of the Companies Ordinance (the “CO”). These consolidated financial statements
        also comply with the applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on
        the Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”).

        These consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a basis consistent with the accounting
        policies adopted in the 2023 consolidated financial statements except for the adoption of the following
        new/revised HKFRS Accounting Standards that are relevant to the Group and the change in accounting
        policy on provision for long service payments effective from the current year.

        The measurement basis used in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements is historical
        cost, except for investment properties and financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”),
        which are measured at fair value as explained in the accounting policies set out below.

   2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES
        2.2.1 Adoption of new/revised HKFRS Accounting Standards
              The Group has applied, for the first time, the following new/revised HKFRS Accounting Standards
              that are relevant to the Group:

              Amendments to HKAS 1                              Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current
              Amendments to HKAS 1                              Non-current Liabilities with Covenants
              Amendments to HK Interpretation 5                 Presentation of Financial Statements – Classification
                                                                  by the Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains a
                                                                  Repayment on Demand Clause
              Amendments to HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7                  Supplier Finance Arrangements
              Amendments to HKFRS 16                            Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback

              Amendments to HKAS 1: Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current
              The amendments aim to promote consistency in applying the requirements by helping companies
              determine whether, in the statement of financial position, debt and other liabilities with an uncertain
              settlement date should be classified as current (due or potentially due to be settled within one
              year) or non-current. The amendments include clarifying the classification requirements for debt a
              company might settle by converting it into equity.

              The adoption of the amendments does not have any significant impact on the consolidated financial
              statements.
34   Perennial International Limited

     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     2. Summary of Principal Accounting Policies (Continued)
          2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES (Continued)
                2.2.1 Adoption of new/revised HKFRS Accounting Standards (Continued)
                      Amendments to HKAS 1: Non-current Liabilities with Covenants
                      The amendments specify that covenants to be complied with after the reporting date do not affect
                      the classification of debt as current or non-current at the reporting date. Instead, the amendments
                      require a company to disclose information about these covenants in the notes to the consolidated
                      financial statements.

                      The adoption of the amendments does not have any significant impact on the consolidated financial
                      statements.

                      Amendments to HK Interpretation 5: Presentation of Financial Statements – Classification by
                      the Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains a Repayment on Demand Clause
                      This Interpretation is revised as a consequence of the above Amendments to HKAS 1 to align the
                      corresponding wordings with no change in conclusion.

                      The adoption of the amendments on this Interpretation does not have any significant impact on the
                      consolidated financial statements.

                      Amendments to HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7: Supplier Finance Arrangements
                      The amendments introduce new disclosure requirements to enhance the transparency of supplier
                      finance arrangements and their effects on an entity’s liabilities, cash flows and exposure to liquidity
                      risk.

                      The adoption of the amendments does not have any significant impact on the consolidated financial
                      statements.

                      Amendments to HKFRS 16: Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback
                      The amendments require a seller-lessee to subsequently determine lease payments arising from a
                      sale and leaseback in a way that it does not recognise any amount of the gain or loss that relates to
                      the right of use it retains. The new requirements do not prevent a seller-lessee from recognising in
                      profit or loss any gain or loss relating to the partial or full termination of a lease.

                      The adoption of the amendments does not have any significant impact on the consolidated financial
                      statements.

                2.2.2 Change in accounting policy on provision for long service payments
                      As the Hong Kong Employment and Retirement Scheme Legislation (Offsetting Arrangement)
                      (Amendment) Ordinance 2022, which will eventually abolish the statutory right of an employer
                      to reduce its long service payments (“LSP”) payable to a Hong Kong employee by drawing on
                      its mandatory contributions to the Mandatory Provident Fund (“MPF”) scheme, will become into
                      effective from 1 May 2025, the Group has changed its accounting policy with respect to the Group’s
                      net obligation in respect of LSP.

                      The application of the amendments does not have any significant impact on the consolidated
                      financial statements.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   35
                                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2. Summary of Principal Accounting Policies (Continued)
   2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES (Continued)
       2.2.3 Future changes in HKFRS Accounting Standards
             At the date of authorisation of these consolidated financial statements, the HKICPA has issued the
             following new/revised HKFRS Accounting Standards that are not yet effective for the current year,
             which the Group has not early adopted.

            Amendments to HKAS 21                    Lack of Exchangeability1
            Amendments to HKFRS 9 and                Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of
              HKFRS 7                                  Financial Instruments2
            Annual Improvements to HKFRS             Volume 112
              Accounting Standards
            Amendments to HKFRS 9 and                Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity2
              HKFRS 7
            HKFRS 18                                 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements3
            HKFRS 19                                 Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures3
            Amendments to HKFRS 10 and               Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
              HKAS 28                                  Associate or Joint Venture4
            1
                  Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025
            2
                  Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026
            3
                  Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027
            4
                  The effective date to be determined

            The directors are in the process of assessing the possible impact on the future adoption of the new/
            revised HKFRS Accounting Standards, but are not yet in a position to reasonably estimate their
            impact on the consolidated financial statements.

   2.3 Principles of consolidation
       Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The Group
       controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement
       with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the activities of the
       entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They
       are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.

       Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group companies
       are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated, unless the transaction provides evidence of an
       impairment of the transferred assets. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where
       necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

   2.4 Separate financial statements
       Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost includes direct attributable
       costs of investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of
       dividend received and receivable.

       Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from these
       investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the
       dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial statements
       exceeds the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s net assets
       including goodwill.
36   Perennial International Limited

     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     2. Summary of Principal Accounting Policies (Continued)
          2.5 Segment reporting
                Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief
                operating decision-maker.

          2.6 Foreign currency translation
                (i)    Functional and presentation currency
                       Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using
                       the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional
                       currency”). The consolidated financial statements are presented in HK$, which is also the Company’s
                       functional and the Group’s presentation currency.

                (ii)   Transactions and balances
                       Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates at
                       the dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of
                       such transactions and from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
                       currencies at year end exchange rate are generally recognised in profit or loss.

                       All foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in the consolidated income statement on a net
                       basis within other operating expenses, net.

                       Non-monetary items that are measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the
                       exchange rates at the date when the fair value was determined. Translation differences on assets
                       and liabilities carried at fair value are reported as part of the fair value gain or loss.

                (iii) Group companies
                      The results and financial position of foreign operations (none of which has the currency of a
                      hyperinflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency
                      are translated into the presentation currency as follows:

                       i)     assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position presented are translated at the
                              closing rate at the date of that statement of financial position;

                       ii)    income and expenses for each income statement and statement of comprehensive income are
                              translated at an average exchange rate (unless this is not a reasonable approximation of the
                              cumulative effects of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income and
                              expenses and translated of the date of the transactions); and

                       iii)   all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.

                       On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of any net investment in
                       foreign entities, and of borrowings and other financial instruments designated as hedges of such
                       investments, are recognised in other comprehensive income. When a foreign operation is sold or any
                       borrowings forming part of the net investment are repaid, the associated exchange differences are
                       reclassified to profit or loss, as part of the gain or loss on sale.

          2.7 Investment properties
                Investment properties are land and/or buildings that are held to earn rental income and/or for capital
                appreciation which include property interest held under lease carried at fair value. Land held under lease is
                accounted for as investment property when the rest of the definition of an investment property is met.

                Investment property is measured initially at its cost, including related transaction costs.

                After initial recognition, investment property is carried at fair value representing open market value
                determined at each reporting date by independent professional qualified valuer. Fair value is based on
                active market prices, adjusted, if necessary, for any difference in the nature, location or condition of the
                specific asset. If the information is not available, the Group uses alternative valuation methods such as
                income approach. Changes in fair values are recognised in the consolidated income statement as part of a
                valuation gain or loss in other operating expenses, net.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   37
                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2. Summary of Principal Accounting Policies (Continued)
   2.7 Investment properties (Continued)
       Subsequent expenditure is charged to the asset’s carrying amount only when it is probable that future
       economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be
       measured reliably. All other repairs and maintenance costs are expensed in the consolidated income
       statement during the financial period in which they are incurred.

   2.8 Property, plant and equipment
       (i)    Right-of-use assets
              Right-of-use assets consist of leasehold land in Hong Kong and land use rights in the PRC and
              Vietnam stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses and leased property
              in Hong Kong measured in accordance with accounting policy as disclosed in note 2.9 to the
              consolidated financial statements. The above right-of-use assets are presented as the corresponding
              underlying assets of the property, plant and equipment.

       (ii)   Other property, plant and equipment
              Other property, plant and equipment consists of buildings, leasehold improvements, plant and
              machinery, furniture and fixtures, office equipment, motor vehicles and pleasure boats stated at cost
              less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses. The cost of an item of other property, plant
              and equipment comprises its purchase price and any directly attributable costs of bringing the asset
              to its working condition and location for its intended use. Repairs and maintenance are charged to
              profit or loss during the year in which they are incurred.

       (iii) Depreciation
             Depreciation on leasehold land in Hong Kong and buildings is calculated to write off their costs less
             accumulated impairment losses on a straight-line basis over the unexpired period of the leases or
             their estimated useful lives, whichever is shorter. The principal annual rates used range from 1.5%
             to 4%.

              Land use rights in the PRC and Vietnam are depreciated over the lease term on a straight-line basis.

              Other property, plant and equipment are depreciated at rates sufficient to write off their costs less
              accumulated impairment losses over their estimated useful lives on a reducing balance basis. The
              principal annual rates are as follows:

              Leasehold improvements             15%–20%
              Plant and machinery                15%–20%
              Furniture and fixtures             15%–20%
              Office equipment                   15%–20%
              Motor vehicles                     15%–20%
              Pleasure boats                     10%

       (iv) Others
            Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as
            appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow
            to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced
            part is derecognised. All other repairs and maintenance are expensed in the consolidated income
            statement during the financial period in which they are incurred.

              The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of
              each reporting period.

              An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s
              carrying amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount (note 2.10).

              If a property occupied by the Group as an owner-occupied property becomes an investment property
              measured at fair value, the Group accounts for such property in accordance with the policy stated
              under “Property, plant and equipment” up to the date of change in use, and any difference at that
              date between the carrying amount and the fair value of the property is accounted for as a revaluation
              surplus or deficit in other comprehensive income (“OCI”) and accumulated in the land and building
              revaluation reserve.
38   Perennial International Limited

     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     2. Summary of Principal Accounting Policies (Continued)
          2.8 Property, plant and equipment (Continued)
                (v)    Gains and losses on disposals
                       Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount.
                       These are included in the consolidated income statement and are recognised within other operating
                       expenses, net.

          2.9 Leases
                (i)    As lessee
                       The Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability when a lease is capitalised at the
                       commencement date, except for leases with a lease term of 12 months or less (“short– term
                       leases”) and leases of low-value assets. Payments in relation to short-term leases and leases of low-
                       value assets are recognised as an expense in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the lease
                       term.

                       The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of lease payments payable with reference
                       to an expected lease term, which includes optional lease periods when the Group is reasonably
                       certain to exercise the option to extend or not to terminate the lease. In calculating the present value
                       of lease payments, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement
                       date if the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. Lease payments included in
                       the measurement of the lease liability are made up of fixed payments (including in-substance fixed
                       payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable payments that depend on an index or a rate,
                       amounts expected to be payable under residual value guarantees and payments arising from options
                       reasonably certain to be exercised. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate
                       are not included in the measurement of the lease liability and are expensed in the period to which
                       they relate.

                       The lease liability is subsequently measured by increasing its carrying amount to reflect interest on
                       the lease liability (using the effective interest rate method) and by reducing its carrying amount to
                       reflect the lease payments made. The lease liability is remeasured (with a corresponding adjustment
                       made to the related right-of-use asset) when there is a change in future lease payments in case of
                       renegotiation, changes of an index or rate or in case of reassessment of options.

                       The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost which comprises the initial amount of the
                       lease liability, any initial direct costs incurred, the obligation to restore the asset, and any lease
                       payments made in advance of the commencement date less any incentives received. The right-
                       of-use asset is subsequently measured at cost less accumulated depreciation, applying the
                       depreciation requirements in HKAS 16 Property, Plant and Equipment and is subject to impairment
                       review whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be
                       recoverable.

                (ii)   As lessor
                       Lease payments from properties letting under operating leases are recognised as rental income over
                       the lease term on a straight-line basis.

          2.10 Impairment of non-financial assets
                At the end of each reporting period, the Group reviews internal and external sources of information
                to assess whether there is any indication that its property, plant and equipment may be impaired or
                impairment loss previously recognised no longer exists or may be reduced. If any such indication exists,
                the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated, based on the higher of its fair value less costs of
                disposal and value in use. Where it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual
                asset, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the smallest group of assets that generates cash
                flows independently (i.e. cash-generating unit).

                If the recoverable amount of an asset or a cash-generating unit is estimated to be less than its carrying
                amount, the carrying amount of the asset or cash-generating unit is reduced to its recoverable amount.
                Impairment losses are recognised as an expense immediately, except where the relevant asset is carried
                at revalued amount in which case the impairment loss is treated as a revaluation decrease in accordance
                with the accounting policy relevant to that asset.

                A reversal of impairment loss is limited to the carrying amount of the asset or cash-generating unit
                that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised in prior years. Reversal of
                impairment loss is recognised as income in profit or loss immediately.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024     39
                                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2. Summary of Principal Accounting Policies (Continued)
   2.11 Financial assets
       (i)    Classification
              The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:

              •    those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through OCI or through profit or loss);
                   and

              •    those to be measured at amortised cost.

              The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the
              contractual terms of the cash flows.

              For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in profit or loss or OCI.
              For investment in equity instruments that are held for trading, the equity instruments measure
              at FVPL. For investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading, this will depend on
              whether the Group has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to account for
              the equity investment at fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”).

              The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing
              those assets changes.

       (ii)   Recognition and derecognition
              Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date on which
              the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised when the rights
              to receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the Group
              has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.

       (iii) Measurement
             At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a
             financial asset not at FVPL, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the
             financial asset. Transaction costs of financial assets carried at FVPL are expensed in the consolidated
             income statement.

              Debt instruments
              Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for
              managing the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are two measurement
              categories in which the Group classifies its debt instruments:

              •    Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash
                   flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost.
                   Interest income from these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective
                   interest rate method. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition is recognised directly in
                   consolidated income statement and presented in other operating expenses, net together with
                   foreign exchange gains and losses. Impairment losses are presented as separate line item in
                   the consolidated income statement.

              •    FVPL: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI are measured at FVPL.
                   A gain or loss on a debt instrument that is subsequently measured at FVPL is recognised in
                   profit or loss in the period in which it arises.

       (iv) Impairment
            The Group assesses on a forward looking basis the expected credit losses (“ECL”) associated with
            its debt instruments carried at amortised cost. The impairment methodology applied depends on
            whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.

              Impairment on these financial assets is measured as either 12-month ECL or lifetime ECL, depending
              on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. If a significant
              increase in credit risk of a receivable has occurred since initial recognition, then impairment is
              measured as lifetime ECL.
40   Perennial International Limited

     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     2. Summary of Principal Accounting Policies (Continued)
          2.11 Financial assets (Continued)
                (iv) Impairment (Continued)
                     For trade receivables, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by HKFRS 9, which
                     requires ECL to be recognised from initial recognition of the receivables. See note 3.1(iii) for further
                     details.

                      Definition of default
                      The Group considers the following as constituting an event of default for internal credit risk
                      management purposes as historical experience indicates that the Group may not receive the
                      outstanding contractual amounts in full if the financial instrument that meets any of the following
                      criteria.

                      (i)    information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor
                             is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any
                             collaterals held by the Group); or

                      (ii)   there is a breach of financial covenants by the counterparty.

                      Irrespective of the above analysis, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial
                      asset is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to
                      demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

                      Assessment of significant increase in credit risk
                      In assessing whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial
                      recognition, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at
                      the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of
                      initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative
                      information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking
                      information that is available without undue cost or effort. In particular, the following information is
                      taken into account in the assessment:

                      •      the debtor’s failure to make payments of principal or interest on the due dates;

                      •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external or internal
                             credit rating (if available);

                      •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor; and

                      •      actual or expected changes in the technological, market, economic or legal environment that
                             have or may have a significant adverse effect on the debtor’s ability to meet its obligation to
                             the Group.

                      Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk on a
                      financial instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments
                      are more than 30 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that
                      demonstrates otherwise.

                      Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a financial instrument has
                      not increased significantly since initial recognition if the financial instrument is determined to have
                      low credit risk at the reporting date.

                      Credit-impaired financial asset
                      A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the
                      estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is
                      credit-impaired include observable data about the following events:

                      (a)    significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower.

                      (b)    a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024   41
                                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2. Summary of Principal Accounting Policies (Continued)
   2.11 Financial assets (Continued)
       (iv) Impairment (Continued)
            Credit-impaired financial asset (Continued)
            (c) the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s
                 financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not
                 otherwise consider.

               (d)   it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation.

               (e)   the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties.

               (f)   the purchase or origination of a financial asset at a deep discount that reflects the incurred
                     credit losses.

   2.12 Offsetting financial instruments
       Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the consolidated statement
       of financial position where the Group currently has a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised
       amounts, and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or realise the asset and settle the liability
       simultaneously. The Group has also entered into arrangements that do not meet the criteria for offsetting
       but still allow for the related amounts to be set off in certain circumstances, such as bankruptcy or the
       termination of a contract.

   2.13 Derivative financial instruments
       Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value on the date a derivative contract is entered into and are
       subsequently remeasured at their fair value at the end of each reporting period. Assets and liabilities are
       classified as current if expected to be settled within 12 months; otherwise, they are classified as non-
       current.

       Gains or losses arising from changes in the fair value of the derivatives are presented in the profit or loss
       within other operating expenses, net in the period in which they arise.

   2.14 Inventories
       Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs are assigned to individual items
       on the first-in, first-out basis and are arrived at as follows:

       (i)     Raw materials purchased for use in the manufacturing process – invoiced price and shipping cost.

       (ii)    Work in progress and finished manufactured goods – costs of direct materials, direct labour and an
               appropriate proportion of production overheads.

       (iii)   Finished goods purchased for resale – invoiced price and shipping cost.

       Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less applicable variable
       selling expenses.

   2.15 Trade and other receivables
       Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for merchandise sold in the ordinary course of
       business. If collection of trade and other receivables is expected in one year or less (or in the normal
       operating cycle of the business if longer), they are classified as current assets. If not, they are presented
       as non-current assets.

       Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional
       unless they contain significant financing components, when they are recognised at fair value. The Group
       holds the trade receivables with the objective to collect the contractual cash flows and therefore measure
       them subsequently at amortised cost using effective interest method. See note 18 for further information
       about the Group’s accounting for trade receivables and note 2.11(iv) for a description of the Group’s
       impairment policies.
42   Perennial International Limited

     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     2. Summary of Principal Accounting Policies (Continued)
          2.16 Cash and cash equivalents
                In the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and
                deposits held at call with financial institutions that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and
                which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and bank overdrafts with original maturities
                of three months or less.

          2.17 Share capital
                Ordinary shares are classified as equity.

          2.18 Trade and other payables
                Trade payables are obligations to pay for goods or services that have been acquired in the ordinary course
                of business from suppliers. Trade and other payables are classified as current liabilities if payment is
                due within one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle of the business if longer). If not, they are
                presented as non-current liabilities.

                Trade and other payables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised
                cost using the effective interest method.

          2.19 Employee benefits
                (i)    Employee leave entitlements
                       Employee entitlements to annual leave and long service leave are recognised when they accrue to
                       employees. A provision is made for the estimated liability for annual leave and long service leave as
                       a result of services rendered by employees up to the end of the reporting period.

                       Employee entitlements to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time of leave.

                (ii)   Bonus plans
                       The expected cost of bonus payment is recognised as a liability and an expense when the Group has
                       a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of services rendered by employees and a reliable
                       estimate of the obligation can be made. Liabilities for bonus plan are expected to be settled within
                       twelve months and are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when they are settled.

                (iii) Retirement benefit costs
                      The Group operates several defined contribution schemes.

                       A defined contribution plan is a pension plan under which the Group pays fixed contributions into a
                       separate entity. The Group has no legal or constructive obligations to pay further contributions if the
                       fund does not hold sufficient assets to pay all employees the benefits relating to employee service in
                       the current and prior periods.

                       For Hong Kong employees, the Group contributes to MPF scheme in accordance with Hong Kong
                       Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance. Contributions to the MPF scheme by the Group
                       and employees are calculated as a percentage of employees’ remuneration received. The Group’s
                       contributions to MPF scheme are expensed as incurred. The assets of the MPF scheme are held
                       separately from those of the Group in an independently administered fund.

                       For employees in the PRC and Vietnam, the Group contributes to a defined contribution retirement
                       scheme managed by the local municipal government in the PRC and Vietnam. The Group’s
                       contributions to the retirement scheme are expensed as incurred while the local municipal
                       government in the PRC and Vietnam undertakes to assume that the retirement benefit obligations of
                       the qualified employees in the PRC and Vietnam.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024    43
                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




2. Summary of Principal Accounting Policies (Continued)
   2.19 Employee benefits (Continued)
       (iv) Long service payments
            For Hong Kong employees, the Group’s net obligation in respect of LSP under the Employment
            Ordinance (the “EO”) is the amounts of future benefit that employees have earned in return for their
            services in the current and prior periods. The obligation is calculated using the projected unit credit
            method and discounted to its present value and after deducting the fair value of any related assets,
            including those retirement scheme benefits.

       (v)   Severance payments
             For employees in the PRC, the Group’s net obligation in respect of severance payments in
             accordance with relevant labour laws in the PRC is the amounts that eligible employees have earned
             in return for their services in the current and prior periods.

   2.20 Taxation
       The income tax expense or credit for the period is the tax payable on the current period’s taxable income
       based on the applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets
       and liabilities attributable to temporary differences and to unused tax losses.

       (a)   Current income tax
             The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively
             enacted at the end of the reporting period in the countries where the Company and its subsidiaries
             operate and generate taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax
             returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation and
             considers whether it is probable that a taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment. The
             Group measures its tax balances either based on the most likely amount or the expected value,
             depending on which method provides a better prediction of the resolution of the uncertainty.

       (b)   Deferred income tax
             Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising
             between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated
             financial statements. However, deferred income tax is not accounted for if it arises from initial
             recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at the time
             of the transaction affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal
             taxable and deductible temporary differences. Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates
             (and laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of reporting period and are
             expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realised or the deferred income tax
             liability is settled.

             The deferred tax liability in relation to investment property that is measured at fair value is
             determined assuming the property will be recovered entirely through sale.

             Deferred tax assets are recognised only if it is probable that future taxable amounts will be available
             to utilise those temporary differences and losses.

             Deferred tax liabilities and assets are not recognised for temporary differences between the carrying
             amount and tax bases of investments in foreign operations where the company is able to control
             the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the differences will not
             reverse in the foreseeable future.
44   Perennial International Limited

     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     2. Summary of Principal Accounting Policies (Continued)
          2.20 Taxation (Continued)
                (b)    Deferred income tax (Continued)
                       Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset
                       current tax assets and liabilities and where the deferred tax balances relate to the same taxation
                       authority. Current tax assets and tax liabilities are offset where the entity has a legally enforceable
                       right to offset and intend either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability
                       simultaneously.

                       Current and deferred tax is recognised in consolidated income statement except to the extent that it
                       relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.

          2.21 Provision
                Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past
                events, it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable
                estimate of the amount can be made. Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses.

                Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in
                settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised
                even if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations
                may be small.

                Provisions are measured at the present value of the management’s best estimate of the expenditures
                required to settle the obligation present at the end of the reporting period. The discount rate used to
                determine the present value is a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value
                of money and the risks specific to the liability. The increase in the provision due to passage of time is
                recognised as interest expense.

          2.22 Revenue recognition
                (i)    Sale of goods
                       Revenue is recognised when control of the products has transferred to the customers at a point in
                       time, being when the products are delivered to the customer, the customer has full discretion over
                       the channel and price to sell the products, and there is no unfulfilled obligation that could affect the
                       customer’s acceptance of the products. Delivery occurs when the products have been shipped to
                       the specified location, the risks of obsolescence and loss have been transferred to the customer, and
                       either the customer has accepted the products in accordance with the sales contract, the acceptance
                       provisions have lapsed, or the Group has objective evidence that all criteria for acceptance have been
                       satisfied. A receivable is recognised when the goods are delivered as this is the point in time that
                       the consideration is unconditional because only the passage of time is required before the payment
                       is due.

                (ii)   Interest income
                       Interest income is recognised on a time proportion basis using the effective interest method.

                (iii) Operating lease rental income
                      Operating lease rental income is recognised on a straight-line basis over the period of the lease.

                (iv) Dividend income
                     Dividend income from financial assets is recognised when the Group’s rights to receive dividend is
                     established, it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the
                     Group and the amount of the dividend can be measured reliably.

          2.23 Government grants
                Grants from the government are recognised at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance
                that the grant will be received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions. When the grant
                relates to an expense item, it is recognised as income over the years necessary to match the grant on a
                systematic basis to the costs that it is intended to compensate.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024    45
                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




3. Financial Risk Management
   3.1 Financial risk factors
       The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign exchange risk
       and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s overall risk management programme focuses on
       the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group’s
       financial performance.

       Management regularly manages the financial risks of the Group.

       (i)    Foreign exchange risk
              The Group operates internationally and is exposed to foreign currency risk arising from various
              currency exposures, primarily with respect to Renminbi (“RMB”), Vietnamese Dong (“VND”) and
              United States Dollar (“US$”). Foreign exchange risk arises from future commercial transactions,
              recognised assets and liabilities and net investments in foreign operations. In addition, the conversion
              of RMB and VND are subject to the rules and regulations of foreign exchange control promulgated
              by the PRC monetary authority and Vietnam government respectively.

              To manage the foreign exchange risk arising from future commercial transactions and recognised
              assets and liabilities, the Group enters into foreign exchange forward contracts with external financial
              institutions.

              Should RMB strengthened/weakened by 5% (2023: 5%) during the year ended 31 December 2024
              against the HK$, with all other variables held constant, the impact of the profit for the year would
              have been HK$995,000 (2023: HK$615,000) lower/higher, mainly as a result of foreign exchange
              losses/gains on translation of RMB denominated receivables and payables.

              Should VND strengthened/weakened by 5% (2023: 5%) during the year ended 31 December 2024
              against the HK$, with all other variables held constant, the impact of the profit for the year would
              have been HK$113,000 (2023: HK$123,000) lower/higher, mainly as a result of foreign exchange
              losses/gains on translation of VND denominated receivables and payables.

              Certain of the assets and liabilities of the Group are denominated in US$ but the foreign exchange
              risk is considered not significant as HK$ is pegged to US$.

              The foreign exchange risk on financial assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than
              RMB, VND and US$ are insignificant to the Group.

       (ii)   Price risk
              The Group is exposed to fluctuations in the market price of major raw materials such as copper rods
              and chemicals to make plastic resins and market price of investments in listed equity securities
              which are classified as financial assets at FVPL.

              (a)   Price risk from raw materials
                    The Group is able to pass certain realised price gains and losses on raw materials to certain
                    customers through price adjustments, which can mitigate the price risk. The Group has not
                    used any derivative instruments to hedge such economic exposures.

              (b)   Price risk from financial assets at FVPL
                    The directors of the Company manage the exposure by closely monitoring the portfolio of
                    these financial instruments. The fair value of these financial instruments will be affected either
                    positively or negatively, amongst others, by the changes in the closing market prices of the
                    relevant listed equity securities.

                    Should the market price of the respective investments in financial assets at FVPL had been
                    10% higher/lower as at 31 December 2024, the impact of the profit for the year would have
                    been HK$824,000 (2023: HK$771,000) higher/lower, as a result of the changes in fair value of
                    investments in financial assets at FVPL.
46   Perennial International Limited

     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     3. Financial Risk Management (Continued)
          3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
                (iii) Credit risk
                      Credit risk arises from trade and bills receivables, other receivables, financial assets at FVPL and
                      deposits placed with banks.

                      Risk management
                      Credit risk is managed on a group basis.

                      For the financial assets at FVPL and deposits placed with banks and a financial institution, only
                      independently rated parties with acceptable rating quality are accepted.

                      Risk control assesses the credit quality of the customer, taking into account its financial position,
                      past experience and other factors. Individual risk limits are set based on internal or external ratings in
                      accordance with limits set by the Group. The compliance with credit limits by customers is regularly
                      monitored by the Group.

                      The Group has policies in place to ensure sales are made to customers with appropriate credit terms
                      and the Group performs periodic credit check with reference to credit rating performed by external
                      agents.

                      At 31 December 2024, the Group had a concentration of credit risk as 41% (2023: 37%) and 87%
                      (2023: 81%) of the total gross trade receivables was due from the Group’s largest debtor and the
                      five largest debtors respectively.

                      The Group has four types of financial assets that are subject to the expected credit loss model:

                      •     Bills receivables

                      •     Cash at banks

                      •     Trade receivables

                      •     Other financial assets at amortised cost

                      Cash at banks and bills receivables
                      As at 31 December 2024, bank deposits are mainly deposited with reputable banks in the PRC,
                      Vietnam, Hong Kong and the United States of America (the “America”) and bills receivables are
                      issued by a reputable bank in the PRC. The credit quality of cash at banks and bills receivables has
                      been assessed by reference to external credit ratings or to historical information about the default
                      rates of the counterparties. The existing counterparties do not have default in the past. Therefore,
                      the expected credit loss rates of cash at banks and bills receivables are assessed to be close to zero
                      and no provision was made as at 31 December 2024 and 2023.

                      Trade receivables
                      The Group applies a simplified approach in calculating ECL for trade receivables and recognises a
                      loss allowance based on lifetime ECL at each reporting date.

                      To measure the ECL, trade receivables have been grouped by invoice date and based on shared
                      credit risk characteristics.

                      The expected loss rates are based on the payment profiles of sales over a period of 12 months
                      before 31 December 2024 and the corresponding historical credit losses experienced within this
                      period. The historical loss rates are adjusted to reflect current and forward-looking information on
                      macroeconomic factors affecting the ability of the customers to settle the receivables.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024   47
                                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




3. Financial Risk Management (Continued)
   3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
       (iii) Credit risk (Continued)
             Trade receivables (Continued)
             On that basis, the loss allowance of trade receivables as at 31 December 2024 and 2023 was
             determined as follows:

                                                                                       By invoice date
                                                                                                     Over
                                                                      0-3 months   4-6 months    6 months            Total

             31 December 2024
             Credit-impaired                                                  No           No              No
             Expected loss rate                                              0%           0%             82%
             Gross carrying amount – trade receivables (HK$’000)          67,663       11,687             420       79,770
             Loss allowance (HK$’000)                                          –            –             345          345

             31 December 2023
             Credit-impaired                                                  No           No            No
             Expected loss rate                                            0.1%         1.3%        100.0%
             Gross carrying amount – trade receivables (HK$’000)          58,720        8,868           153         67,741
             Loss allowance (HK$’000)                                         47          113           153            313

           The Group does not hold any collateral over trade receivables as at 31 December 2024 (2023: nil).

           As at 31 December 2024, the Group recognised loss allowance of HK$345,000 (2023: HK$313,000)
           on the trade receivables. The movement in the loss allowance for trade receivables is summarised
           below.

                                                                                              2024                  2023
                                                                                           HK$’000               HK$’000

             At beginning of year                                                                313                 353
             Net increase/(decrease) in loss allowance recognised                                 34                 (41)
             Exchange adjustment                                                                  (2)                  1

             At end of year                                                                      345                 313
48   Perennial International Limited

     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     3. Financial Risk Management (Continued)
          3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
                (iii) Credit risk (Continued)
                      Impairment losses on trade receivables are presented as net impairment losses within operating
                      profit. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited against the same line
                      item.

                      Other financial assets at amortised cost
                      Other financial assets at amortised cost are considered to be low credit risk primarily because
                      historically they had no history of default and the debtors had a strong capacity to meet its
                      contractual cash flow obligations in the near term. Therefore, as at 31 December 2024 and 2023, the
                      directors of the Company were of the opinion that no provision for loss allowance was necessary.

                (iv) Liquidity risk
                     Prudent liquidity risk management implies maintaining sufficient cash and making available and
                     adequate amount of committed credit facilities with staggered maturities to reduce refinancing risk in
                     any year and to fund working capital, debt servicing, dividend payments, new investments and close
                     out market positions if required. The Group maintains significant flexibility to respond to opportunities
                     and events by ensuring that committed credit lines are available. As at 31 December 2024, the
                     Group had available trade and loan finance facilities of HK$72,300,000 (2023: HK$56,300,000) of
                     which none (2023: none) was utilised.

                      The table below analyses the Group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on
                      the remaining period at the end of the reporting period to the contractual maturity date. The amounts
                      disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows. Balances due within 12 months
                      equal their carrying balances as the impact of discounting is not significant.

                                                                                       On demand or               Between
                                                                                        within 1 year          1 to 2 years
                                                                                             HK$’000               HK$’000

                        At 31 December 2024
                        Trade payables                                                          20,999                     –
                        Other payables                                                           7,286                     –
                        Lease liabilities                                                           47                     –

                        At 31 December 2023
                        Trade payables                                                          17,006                    –
                        Other payables                                                           4,884                    –
                        Lease liabilities                                                          462                   47
                        Derivative financial instruments                                           410                    –

          3.2 Capital risk management
                The primary objective of the Group’s capital management is to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as
                a going concern, maintain a strong credit rating and a healthy capital ratio to support the business and to
                enhance shareholder value.

                The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic
                conditions and business strategies. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the
                dividend payments to shareholders, return capital to shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to
                reduce debts. The Group’s capital management objectives, policies or processes were unchanged during
                the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024     49
                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




3. Financial Risk Management (Continued)
   3.2 Capital risk management (Continued)
       Except for the compliance of certain financial covenants for maintaining the Group’s banking facilities and
       borrowings, the Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements. The Group complied
       with the financial covenants attached to banking facilities and borrowings as at 31 December 2024 and
       2023.

       The Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is calculated by dividing total
       borrowings to total equity.

       The gearing ratios at 31 December 2024 and 2023 were as follows:

                                                                                          2024                  2023
                                                                                       HK$’000               HK$’000

        Total borrowings                                                                     –                     –
        Total equity                                                                   431,650               409,524

        Gearing ratio                                                                        0%                   0%

   3.3 Fair value estimation
       The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial assets and liabilities including cash and cash equivalents,
       trade and bills receivables, other receivables and deposits, financial assets at FVPL, trade payables,
       other payables and accruals and lease liabilities approximate to their fair values due to their short-term
       maturities. The fair value of financial liabilities for disclosure purposes is estimated by discounting the
       future contractual cash flows at the current market interest rate that is available to the Group for similar
       financial instruments, unless the discounting effect is insignificant.

       See note 16 for disclosure of the investment properties and note 19 for disclosure of the financial assets
       at FVPL that are measured at fair value and classified by level of the following fair value measurement
       hierarchy at 31 December 2024 and 2023:

       1)   Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1).

       2)   Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability,
            either directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (Level 2).

       3)   Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is, unobservable
            inputs) (Level 3).

       The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets is based on quoted market prices at the
       end of reporting date. The quoted market price used for financial assets and liabilities is the current bid
       price. These instruments are included in Level 1.

       The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined by using
       valuation techniques. These valuation techniques maximise the use of observable market data where it is
       available and rely as little as possible on entity specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair
       value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in Level 2.

       If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is included
       in Level 3.
50   Perennial International Limited

     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     4. Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgements
          Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors,
          including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.

          The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will, by
          definition, seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of
          causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are
          discussed below.

          4.1 Income taxes
                The Group is subject to income taxes in several jurisdictions. Significant judgement is required in
                determining the worldwide provision for taxation. There are many transactions and calculations for which
                the ultimate tax determination is uncertain during the ordinary course of business. The Group recognises
                liabilities for anticipated taxes based on estimates of whether additional taxes will be due. Where the final
                tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences
                will impact the current tax and deferred tax provisions in the period in which such determination is made.

          4.2 Estimated fair value of investment properties
                The fair value of investment properties is determined at the end of each reporting period by independent
                professional qualified valuer. The fair values of investment properties in Hong Kong and the PRC are
                determined on the combination of income and market approach and income approach respectively. Details
                of the key assumption and inputs used in estimating the fair value of investment properties are set out in
                note 16(f) to the consolidated financial statements.

          4.3 Loss allowance for ECL
                The Group makes loss allowance for ECL of trade receivables based on assumptions about risk of default
                and expected loss rate. The Group uses judgement in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs
                to the impairment calculation, based on the Group’s past history, existing market conditions as well as
                forward looking estimates at the end of each reporting period. Details of key assumption and inputs used
                in estimating ECL are set out in note 3.1(iii) to the consolidated financial statements.

          4.4 Allowance for inventories
                Significant judgement is exercised in the assessment of the net realisable value of its inventory, which
                is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less estimated costs of completion and
                selling expenses. In making its judgement, management considers a wide range of factors such as the
                age of the inventory items and the assessment of the results of the subsequent sales performance of the
                items. Management reassesses the provision at the end of the reporting period.

          4.5 Estimated useful lives of property, plant and equipment
                The Group’s management determines the estimated useful lives and related depreciation charges for its
                property, plant and equipment. This estimate is based on the historical experience of the actual useful
                lives of the property, plant and equipment of similar nature and functions. It could change significantly as
                a result of technical innovations. Management will increase the depreciation charge where useful lives are
                less than previously estimated lives, or it will write off or write down technically obsolete or non-strategic
                assets that have been abandoned or sold.

          4.6 Impairment of the land and buildings
                In determining whether the land and buildings are impaired or the event previously causing the impairment
                no longer exists, the directors have to assess whether an event has occurred that may affect the land and
                buildings’ value or such event affecting the land and buildings’ value has not been in existence. If any such
                indication exists, the recoverable amounts of the land and buildings would be determined by reference to
                value in use and fair value less costs of disposal. Value in use is determined using the discounted cash
                flow method. Owing to inherent risk associated with estimations in the timing and magnitude of the
                future cash flows and fair value less costs of disposal, the estimated recoverable amount of the asset
                may be different from its actual recoverable amount and profit or loss could be affected by accuracy of the
                estimations.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024   51
                                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




5. Revenue and Segment Information
   The Group is principally engaged in the manufacturing and trading of electric cable and wire products. Revenue
   recognised during the year is as follows:

                                                                                              2024                  2023
                                                                                           HK$’000               HK$’000

       Sale of goods – based on fixed price and recognised at a point in time              328,578               303,527

   The Chief Executive Officer (the chief operation decision maker (“CODM”) has reviewed the Group’s internal
   reporting and determines that there are six reportable segments, based on location of customers under the
   electric cable and wire products business, including Hong Kong, the PRC, America, Vietnam, Japan and other
   countries. These segments are managed separately as each segment is subject to risks and returns that are
   different from others.

   The segment information for the reportable segments for 2024 and 2023 is as follows:

                                                                                   Total
                                                                 Segment        segment         Capital
                                                 Revenue           results        assets    expenditure Depreciation
                                                    2024             2024           2024          2024         2024
                                                 HK$’000          HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000

       Hong Kong                                   21,980            5,843        57,434          1,214             1,833
       The PRC                                     40,055            2,614        89,030            627             3,336
       America                                    236,405           20,077       135,428              –                 3
       Vietnam                                        134               25       117,164          3,462             3,810
       Japan                                       27,275            3,697         2,310              –                 –
       Other countries                              2,729              345           215              –                 –

       Reportable segment                         328,578           32,601       401,581          5,303             8,982

       Unallocated costs                                            (2,997)*

       Operating profit                                             29,604

                                                                                  Total
                                                               Segment         segment         Capital
                                             Revenue             results         assets    expenditure      Depreciation
                                                2023               2023           2023           2023              2023
                                             HK$’000           HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000          HK$’000

       Hong Kong                               26,331             3,762         62,992            822              2,122
       The PRC                                 37,370             2,484         98,148          2,465              3,740
       America                                212,293            10,107        106,016              7                  2
       Vietnam                                    125                24         96,572            971              4,113
       Japan                                   24,375             3,716          1,879              –                  –
       Other countries                          3,033               587            859              –                  –

       Reportable segment                     303,527            20,680        366,466          4,265              9,977

       Unallocated costs                                          (2,379)*

       Operating profit                                          18,301

   *       Unallocated costs represent corporate expenses.
52   Perennial International Limited

     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     5. Revenue and Segment Information (Continued)
          A reconciliation of total segment assets to the Group’s total assets:

                                                                                           2024                2023
                                                                                        HK$’000             HK$’000

            Total segment assets                                                        401,581             366,466
            Investment properties                                                        83,391              80,644
            Deferred tax assets                                                          11,010               7,742

            Total assets                                                                495,982             454,852

          Revenue of HK$207,343,000 (2023: HK$186,485,000) are derived from two (2023: two) major customers
          contributing 10% or more of the total revenue. These revenues are attributable to the America segment (2023:
          America segment) .

                                                                                           2024                2023
                                                                                        HK$’000             HK$’000

            Customer A                                                                  123,441             107,914
            Customer B                                                                   83,902              78,571

                                                                                        207,343             186,485


     6. Other Income
                                                                                           2024                2023
                                                                                        HK$’000             HK$’000

            Scrap sales                                                                    2,986               1,990
            Interest income                                                                1,053                 444
            Dividend income from financial assets at FVPL                                    231                   –
            Net gain arising from changes in fair value of financial assets at FVPL        1,392                   –
            Rental income from investment properties                                       2,696               2,554
            Government subsidies                                                             474                   5
            Freight cost recharged to customers                                            2,213               4,096
            Sundry income                                                                  1,928                 778

                                                                                          12,973               9,867


     7. Other Operating Expenses, Net
                                                                                           2024                2023
                                                                                        HK$’000             HK$’000

            Impairment loss of property, plant and equipment                                   –               5,192
            Loss on revaluation of investment properties (note 16)                         8,076               5,634
            Charitable donations                                                           1,990               1,774
            Net loss on derivative financial instruments                                     150               2,819
            Net loss arising from changes in fair value of financial assets at FVPL            –                  76
            Net exchange gain                                                             (1,884)             (2,362)
            Loss on disposal/write-off of property, plant and equipment                      303                 154
            Other expenses                                                                 1,333               1,399

                                                                                           9,968              14,686
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024    53
                                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




8. Operating Profit
   This is stated after charging:

                                                                                          2024                 2023
                                                                                       HK$’000              HK$’000

    Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (note 15)                               8,982                9,977
    Auditor’s remuneration
    – Audit services                                                                       948                   968
    – Non-audit services                                                                   222                   125
    Cost of inventories (note 17)                                                      152,670               151,691
    Lease payments for short-term and low-value leases (note 15)                            28                    35
    Direct expenses for investment properties                                              254                   253
    Provision for inventories (included in cost of inventories) (note 17)                3,791                 5,312
    Staff costs (including directors’emoluments) (note 13)                              94,590                74,894


9. Finance Costs
                                                                                          2024                 2023
                                                                                       HK$’000              HK$’000

    Interest on lease liabilities                                                             8                   17
    Interest on bank borrowings                                                               –                  672

                                                                                              8                  689


10. Taxation
   (a)   For the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, Hong Kong Profits Tax is calculated in accordance with
         the two-tiered profits tax regime. Under the two-tiered profits tax regime, the first HK$2 million of profits
         of qualifying corporations will be taxed at 8.25% (2023: 8.25%) , and profits above HK$2 million will be
         taxed at 16.5% (2023: 16.5%) .

         Taxation on overseas profits has been calculated on the estimated assessable profits for the year at the
         applicable rates of taxation prevailing in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates.

         US corporation is subject to two level of taxes. Corporation is taxed on its earnings, and when the
         corporate earnings are distributed to the shareholders as dividend, the shareholders need to pay tax on the
         dividend received. Corporate income tax is imposed at the federal and state level on all entities treated as
         corporation. The federal corporate tax rate is 21% (2023: 21%) while the state corporate tax rate is varied
         by states.

         The Enterprise Income Tax of the PRC is provided at 25% (2023: 25%) based on the assessable profits for
         the year less allowable losses brought forward, if applicable. Two (2023: Two) of the Group’s subsidiaries
         registered in the PRC are recognised as small and low profit enterprise which have been granted tax
         concession by the local tax bureau and are entitled to the PRC Enterprise Income Tax at concessionary
         rate of 5% (2023: 5%) of the estimated assessable profits for the year ended 31 December 2024.

         The Vietnam subsidiary is subject to corporate income tax at a rate of 20% (2023: 20%) . In accordance
         with the applicable tax regulations, the subsidiary is subject to a lower tax rate of 10% for fifteen
         consecutive years, commencing from the first year of making revenue. In addition, the subsidiary is
         entitled to full exemption from corporate income tax for the first four years from the earlier of (i) the year
         when profit is generated for the first time or (ii) the fourth year of making revenue; and a 50% reduction
         in corporate income tax for the next nine years, which is offered by the Vietnam government and is
         stipulated in the subsidiary’s investment license. Perennial Cable (Vietnam) Co., Ltd. was entitled to full
         exemption from corporate income tax during the financial years 2019 to 2023 and subjected to a lower
         tax rate of 10% and 50% reduction in corporate income tax for nine years starting from the financial year
         ended 31 December 2024.
54   Perennial International Limited

     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     10. Taxation (Continued)
          (a)   (Continued)
                The amount of taxation charged to the consolidated income statement represents:

                                                                                                           2024           2023
                                                                                                        HK$’000        HK$’000

                  Hong Kong Profits Tax                                                                   3,638            730
                  Overseas taxation                                                                       2,323          2,165
                  Under/(Over) provision in prior years                                                     472             (8)
                  Deferred tax relating to the origination and reversal of temporary
                   differences (note 10(b))                                                              (2,641)        (1,021)

                                                                                                          3,792          1,866

                The taxation on the Group’s profit before taxation differs from the theoretical amount that would arise
                using the profits tax rate of Hong Kong as follows:

                                                                                                           2024           2023
                                                                                                        HK$’000        HK$’000

                  Profit before taxation                                                                 29,596         17,612


                  Calculated at a taxation rate of 16.5% (2023: 16.5%)                                    4,884          2,906
                  Effect of different taxation rates                                                     (3,586)        (2,139)
                  Income not subject to taxation                                                           (392)          (680)
                  Expenses not deductible for taxation purposes                                           1,644          1,451
                  Under/(Over) provision in prior years                                                     472             (8)
                  Utilisation of previously unrecognised deferred tax assets                               (101)           (17)
                  Tax losses for which no deferred tax assets were recognised                               871            353

                  Total tax charge for the year                                                           3,792          1,866

          (b)   The movements of deferred tax (assets)/liabilities recognised in the consolidated statement of financial
                position are as follows:

                                                                     Tax     Provision                   Revaluation
                                                             depreciation   and others    Tax losses         surplus      Total
                                                                 HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000

                  At 1 January 2024                                6,694        (6,849)       (1,405)              –     (1,560)
                  Charged/(Credited) to profit or loss               870        (4,438)          927               –     (2,641)
                  Tax charge to other comprehensive income             –             –             –           1,151      1,151
                  Exchange adjustment                                (53)          131            68               –        146

                  At 31 December 2024                              7,511       (11,156)        (410)           1,151     (2,904)

                  At 1 January 2023                                7,320        (5,148)       (2,765)              –       (593)
                  (Credited)/Charged to profit or loss              (613)       (1,749)        1,341               –     (1,021)
                  Exchange adjustment                                (13)           48            19               –         54

                  At 31 December 2023                              6,694        (6,849)       (1,405)              –     (1,560)
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   55
                                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




10. Taxation (Continued)
   (b)   (Continued)
         Reconciliation to the consolidated statement of financial position is as follows:

                                                                                                2024              2023
                                                                                             HK$’000           HK$’000

          Deferred tax assets                                                                 11,010              7,742
          Deferred tax liabilities                                                            (8,106)            (6,182)

                                                                                               2,904              1,560

         Deferred tax assets are recognised for tax loss carry–forwards to the extent that the realisation of the
         related tax benefit through future taxable profits is probable. The Group did not recognise deferred
         tax assets of HK$2,801,000 (2023: HK$2,121,000) in respect of losses amounting to HK$12,032,000
         (2023: HK$9,489,000) that can be carried forward against future taxable income. As at 31 December
         2024, tax losses for which no deferred tax assets were recognised amounting to HK$9,594,000 (2023:
         HK$6,535,000) will expire in 5 years, and the remaining tax losses of HK$2,438,000 (2023: HK$2,954,000)
         do not expire under current tax legislation.

         Deferred tax liabilities of HK$10,035,000 (2023: HK$9,368,000) have not been recognised for the
         withholding tax and other taxes that would be payable on the unremitted earnings of certain subsidiaries
         at 31 December 2024. In the opinion of the directors, these unremitted earnings, at the present time, are
         required for financing the continuing operations of these subsidiaries and no distribution would be made in
         the foreseeable future. Accordingly, no provisions for additional deferred taxation have been made.

11. Earnings Per Share
   The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on the Group’s profit for the year of HK$25,804,000 (2023:
   HK$15,746,000) divided by the weighted average number of 198,958,000 (2023: 198,958,000) ordinary shares
   in issue during the year.

   During the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, diluted earnings per share is the same as basic earnings
   per share due to the absence of dilutive potential ordinary shares during the reporting period.

12. Dividends
   An interim dividend in respect of year 2024 of HK$0.02 (2023: nil) per ordinary share, amounting to a total
   dividend of HK$3,926,000 (2023: nil) was approved and paid during the year.

   A final dividend in respect of 2022 of HK$0.03 per ordinary share, amounting to a total dividend of
   HK$5,969,000, was approved and paid during the year ended 31 December 2023.

   A final dividend in respect of year 2024 of HK$0.03 per ordinary share, amounting to a total dividend of
   approximately HK$5,969,000 is to be proposed at the 2025 AGM. These consolidated financial statements do
   not reflect this dividend payable.

13. Staff Costs (Including Directors’ Emoluments)
                                                                                                2024              2023
                                                                                             HK$’000           HK$’000

    Wages, salaries and fringe benefits                                                       88,518            69,267
    Social security costs                                                                      4,071             3,794
    Pension costs – contribution to MPF scheme                                                   413               426
    Others                                                                                     1,588             1,407

                                                                                              94,590            74,894
56   Perennial International Limited

     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     14. Benefits and Interests of Directors and Key Management
          (a) Directors’ emoluments
                Emoluments paid or receivable in respect of person’s services as a director or other services in connection
                with the management of the affairs, whether of the Company or its subsidiary undertaking are set out
                below:

                                                                                            Contributions
                                                                           Discretionary          to MPF           Other
                  Name of directors                  Fees      Salaries         bonuses           scheme     benefits (iv)      Total
                                                  HK$’000      HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000

                  For the year ended
                    31 December 2024
                  MON Chung Hung (i)                   –          5,760            1,283                –           3,738      10,781
                  KOO Di An, Louise (ii)               –          1,680              743                –           1,247       3,670
                  MON Wai Ki, Vicky                    –            379               31               18             246         674
                  MON Tiffany                          –          1,088              296               18             406       1,808
                  MON Derek                            –            562               47               18             370         997
                  CHAN Chun Yiu                        –            708               59               18               –         785
                  LAU Chun Kay (iii)                 180              –                –                –               –         180
                  LEE Chung Nai, Jones (iii)          84              –                –                –               –          84
                  CHUNG Kit Ying (iii)               120              –                –                –               –         120

                                                      384       10,177             2,459               72           6,007      19,099

                                                                                             Contributions
                                                                            Discretionary          to MPF          Other
                  Name of directors                  Fees       Salaries        bonuses           scheme      benefits (iv)      Total
                                                  HK$’000      HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000

                  For the year ended
                    31 December 2023
                  MON Chung Hung (i)                   –          5,260            1,316                –             722       7,298
                  KOO Di An, Louise (ii)               –          1,530              343                –             634       2,507
                  SIU Yuk Shing, Marco                 –            192                5                –               –         197
                  MON Wai Ki, Vicky                    –            367               31               18              19         435
                  MON Tiffany                          –          1,275              191               18              19       1,503
                  MON Derek                            –            725               46               18              19         808
                  CHAN Chun Yiu                        –            522               58               14               –         594
                  LAU Chun Kay (iii)                 180              –                –                –               –         180
                  LEE Chung Nai, Jones (iii)          84              –                –                –               –          84
                  CHUNG Kit Ying (iii)               120              –                –                –               –         120

                                                      384         9,871            1,990               68           1,413      13,726

                (i)     Chief Executive Officer

                (ii)    Non-executive director

                (iii)   Independent non-executive directors

                (iv)    Other benefits include commission and insurance premium.

                During the year, no emolument paid or receivable in respect of a person accepting office as a director
                (2023: nil) and no director waived any emoluments (2023: nil) or compensation for loss of office (2023: nil) .

          (b) Directors’ retirement benefits
                None of the directors received or will receive any retirement benefits during the year (2023: nil) .

          (c) Directors’ termination benefits
                None of the directors received or will receive any termination benefits during the year (2023: nil) .
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   57
                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




14. Benefits and Interests of Directors and Key Management (Continued)
   (d) Consideration provided to third parties for making available directors’ services
         During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group did not pay consideration to any third parties for
         making available directors’ services (2023: nil) .

   (e) Information about loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of directors,
       controlled bodies corporate by and connected entities with such directors
         During the year ended 31 December 2024, there is no loans, quasi-loans and other dealing arrangements
         in favour of the directors, or controlled body corporates and connected entities of such directors (2023:
         nil) .

   (f)   Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts
         No significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Company’s business to which
         the Company was a party and in which a director of the Company had a material interest, whether directly
         or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year (2023: nil) .

   (g) Five highest paid individuals
         In 2024, the five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in the Group included four (2023: three)
         directors whose emoluments are reflected in the analysis presented above. The emoluments payable to
         the remaining one (2023: two) non-director individual during the year are as follows:

                                                                                          2024               2023
                                                                                       HK$’000            HK$’000

          Basic salaries, other allowances and benefits in kind                           1,296              1,873
          Discretionary bonuses                                                             603                262
          Pension costs – contributions to MPF scheme                                        18                 32

                                                                                          1,917              2,167

         The emoluments fell within the following bands:

                                                                                    Number of          Number of
                                                                                    individuals        individuals
                                                                                           2024              2023

          Nil – HK$1,000,000                                                                  –                  1
          HK$1,000,001 – HK$1,500,000                                                         –                  1
          HK$1,500,001 – HK$2,000,000                                                         1                  –

   (h) Key management compensation
         Key management includes all directors presented above and three (2023: four) senior management. The
         compensation paid or payable to key management for employee services is shown below:

                                                                                          2024               2023
                                                                                       HK$’000            HK$’000

          Basic salaries, other allowances and benefits in kind                         19,359             14,429
          Discretionary bonuses                                                          3,155              2,276
          Pension costs – contributions to MPF scheme                                      108                126

                                                                                        22,622             16,831

         The emoluments of senior management (excluding directors) are within the following bands:

                                                                                    Number of          Number of
                                                                                    individuals        individuals
                                                                                           2024              2023

          Nil – HK$1,000,000                                                                  2                  3
          HK$1,000,001 – HK$1,500,000                                                         –                  1
          HK$1,500,001 – HK$2,000,000                                                         1                  –
58   Perennial International Limited

     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     15. Property, Plant and Equipment
                                                 Right-of-use                Leasehold  Plant and   Furniture                Office     Motor     Pleasure
                                                       assets    Buildings improvements machinery and fixtures          equipment     vehicles       boats       Total
                                                     (note a)
                                                     HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000

            Net book value at 1 January 2024          26,899       86,703        2,833        11,728             266         1,884      1,776        2,330    134,419
            Addition                                       –            –           59         4,070               –            55      1,305            –      5,489
            Disposals/write-off                            –            –            –          (238)              –           (13)      (172)           –       (423)
            Depreciation                              (1,351)      (3,000)        (554)       (2,937)            (53)         (437)      (470)        (180)    (8,982)
            Transfer to investment properties
              (note e)                                 (1,709)     (9,991)           –             –               –             –           –           –     (11,700)
            Revaluation surplus (note e)                    –       9,090            –             –               –             –           –           –       9,090
            Exchange adjustment                          (472)     (2,988)        (138)         (396)              –           (18)         (7)          –      (4,019)

            Net book value at 31 December 2024        23,367       79,814        2,200        12,227             213         1,471      2,432        2,150    123,874

            At 31 December 2024
            At cost                                    41,584     124,676        17,487       90,098           4,648        14,298       5,996      14,429     313,216
            Accumulated depreciation                  (18,217)    (44,862)      (15,287)     (77,871)         (4,435)      (12,827)     (3,564)    (12,279)   (189,342)

            Net book value                            23,367       79,814        2,200        12,227             213         1,471      2,432        2,150    123,874

                                                 Right-of-use                 Leasehold     Plant and      Furniture        Office      Motor     Pleasure
                                                       assets    Buildings improvements    machinery     and fixtures   equipment     vehicles       boats       Total
                                                     (note a)
                                                    HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000

            Net book value at 1 January 2023          35,149      128,930        3,622        11,586             332         2,383      1,919        2,648    186,569
            Addition                                     869            –            –         3,218               –           113        775            8      4,983
            Disposals/write-off                            –            –            –            (70)             –           (69)      (324)           –       (463)
            Depreciation                              (1,452)      (3,424)        (727)       (2,855)            (66)         (530)      (597)        (326)    (9,977)
            Transfer to investment properties         (7,356)     (31,881)           –              –              –             –          –            –    (39,237)
            Impairment loss                                –       (5,192)           –              –              –             –          –            –     (5,192)
            Exchange adjustment                         (311)      (1,730)         (62)         (151)              –           (13)         3            –     (2,264)

            Net book value at 31 December 2023        26,899       86,703        2,833        11,728             266         1,884      1,776        2,330    134,419

            At 31 December 2023
            At cost                                    45,700     129,988        17,886       91,327           5,006        14,604       5,337      14,429     324,277
            Accumulated depreciation                  (18,801)    (43,285)      (15,053)     (79,599)         (4,740)      (12,720)     (3,561)    (12,099)   (189,858)

            Net book value                            26,899       86,703        2,833        11,728             266         1,884      1,776        2,330    134,419

          The gross carrying amount of the Group’s property, plant and equipment includes an amount of HK$18,272,000
          (2023: HK$16,351,000) in respect of fully depreciated property, plant and equipment that is still in use.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2024   59
                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




15. Property, Plant and Equipment (Continued)
   (a) Right-of-use assets

                                                           Leasehold      Land use         Leased
                                                              land in      rights in   property in
                                                          Hong Kong       overseas     Hong Kong         Total
                                                             HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000

        Net book value at 1 January 2024                       10,885       15,471            543        26,899
        Depreciation                                             (444)        (473)          (434)       (1,351)
        Transfer to investment properties (note e)             (1,709)           –              –        (1,709)
        Exchange adjustment                                         –         (472)             –          (472)

        Net book value at 31 December 2024                      8,732       14,526            109        23,367

        At 31 December 2024
        At cost                                                18,336       22,379            869        41,584
        Accumulated depreciation                               (9,604)      (7,853)          (760)      (18,217)

        Net book value                                          8,732       14,526            109        23,367

                                                            Leasehold     Land use        Leased
                                                               land in     rights in   property in
                                                           Hong Kong      overseas     Hong Kong          Total
                                                             HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000

        Net book value at 1 January 2023                       11,348       23,689            112        35,149
        Addition                                                    –            –            869           869
        Depreciation                                             (463)        (551)          (438)       (1,452)
        Transfer to investment properties                           –       (7,356)             –        (7,356)
        Exchange adjustment                                         –         (311)             –          (311)

        Net book value at 31 December 2023                     10,885       15,471            543        26,899

        At 31 December 2023
        At cost                                                21,885       22,946            869        45,700
        Accumulated depreciation                              (11,000)      (7,475)          (326)      (18,801)

        Net book value                                         10,885       15,471            543        26,899
60   Perennial International Limited

     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     15. Property, Plant and Equipment (Continued)
          (b) Leases
                This note provides information for leases where the Group is a lessee.

                (i)    Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position

                       The consolidated statement of financial position shows the following amounts relating to leases:

                                                                                                    2024             2023
                                                                                                 HK$’000          HK$’000

                        Right-of-use assets
                          – Leasehold land in Hong Kong                                            8,731            10,885
                          – Land use rights in overseas                                           14,527            15,471
                          – Leased property in Hong Kong                                             109               543

                                                                                                  23,367            26,899

                        Lease liabilities
                          – Current                                                                   47              454
                          – Non-current                                                                –               47

                                                                                                      47              501

                (ii)   Amounts recognised in the consolidated income statement

                       The consolidated income statement shows the following amounts relating to leases:

                                                                                                    2024             2023
                                                                                                 HK$’000          HK$’000

                        Depreciation of right-of-use assets
                          – Leasehold land in Hong Kong                                              444              463
                          – Land use rights in overseas                                              473              551
                          – Leased property in Hong Kong                                             434              438

                                                                                                    1,351            1,452

                          Interest expenses (included in finance costs)                                8                  17

                          Expenses relating to short-term leases and low-value leases
                            (included in administrative expenses)                                     28                  35

                       The total cash payments for leases during the year ended 31 December 2024 was HK$490,000
                       (2023: HK$497,000) .

          (c) At 31 December 2024 and 2023, no property, plant and equipment was pledged as security for the
                Group’s banking facilities.

          (d) Included in the total depreciation expenses, amounting to HK$6,723,000 (2023: HK$7,304,000) and
                HK$2,259,000 (2023: HK$2,673,000) were charged to cost of sales and administrative expenses,
                respectively.
                                                                                                                Annual Report 2024     61
                                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




15. Property, Plant and Equipment (Continued)
   (e) During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group has entered into a lease arrangement for renting
         an unit of the office premise located in Concordia Plaza, No. 1 Science Museum Road, Hong Kong, (the
         “Property”) to a third party. The Group has engaged an independent professional qualified valuer, Ravia
         Global Appraisal Advisory Limited (“Ravia”), to determine the fair value of the Property at the date of
         change in use. In view of the fair value of the Property was higher than its carrying amount at the date
         of change, a revaluation surplus of HK$9,090,000 was recognised and respective buildings and right-of-
         use assets of HK$9,991,000 and HK$1,709,000 respectively were transferred to investment properties at
         the date of change. The valuation of the Property at the date of change was determined using the income
         approach. The most significant input used in this valuation approach was sales price which is ranging from
         HK$7,171 to HK$15,000 per square foot.

16. Investment Properties
                                                                                                         2024              2023
                                                                                                      HK$’000           HK$’000

    At fair value
    At 1 January                                                                                       80,644             47,154
    Transfer from property, plant and equipment (note 15(e))                                           11,700             39,237
    Revaluation loss (included in other operating expenses, net)                                       (8,076)            (5,634)
    Exchange adjustment                                                                                  (877)              (113)

    At 31 December                                                                                     83,391             80,644

   (a)   The details of (i) rental income, (ii) direct operating expenses for the investment properties and (iii)
         minimum rental payments receivables on lease of investment properties are set out in notes 6, 8 and
         25(b) to the consolidated financial statements respectively.

   (b)   As at 31 December 2024 and 2023, no investment property was pledged as security for the Group’s
         banking facilities.

   (c)   As at 31 December 2024 and 2023, the Group has no unprovided contractual obligations for future repairs
         and maintenance.

   (d)   The Group’s investment properties are held within a business model whose objective is to consume
         substantially all of the economic benefits embodied in the investment properties through sale. The Group
         has measured the deferred tax relating to the temporary differences of these investment properties
         using the tax rate and the tax bases that are consistent with the expected manner of recovery of these
         investment properties.

   (e)   The Group’s investment properties are held under long lease. As at 31 December 2024, their locations and
         existing use are as follows:

             Location                                                                        Existing Use by lessee

             Concordia Plaza, No. 1 Science Museum Road, Hong Kong                           Office

             Hing Yip Centre, No. 31 Hing Yip Street, Hong Kong                              Office and car-parking space

             Lot Nos 03–07, Hu Die Ling Industrial Park, Heyuan city, the PRC                Vacant*

         *       During the year 2024, the Group has entered into a mutual agreement with the lessee to terminate the lease
                 arrangement in respect of the investment property in Heyuan city (the “Property”) with effective from 1 June
                 2024. the PRC. During the period from the date of termination up to the date of this report, the Property remains
                 available for lease and continues to be classified as investment properties and carried at fair value at the end of
                 the reporting period.
62   Perennial International Limited

     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     16. Investment Properties (Continued)
          (f)   The following table analyses the investment properties carried at fair value, by valuation techniques.

                                                                                                                  Fair value measurements
                                                                                                                     at 31 December 2024
                  Description                                                                                  Level 1         Level 2                                Level 3
                                                                                                              HK$’000         HK$’000                                HK$’000

                  Recurring fair value measurement
                    – Investment properties                                                                              –                          –                   83,391

                                                                                                                   Fair value measurements
                                                                                                                     at 31 December 2023
                  Description                                                                                  Level 1          Level 2                               Level 3
                                                                                                              HK$’000          HK$’000                               HK$’000

                  Recurring fair value measurement
                    – Investment properties                                                                              –                          –                   80,644

                The Group’s policy is to recognise transfer into and transfers out of fair value hierarchy levels as of the
                date of the event or change in circumstances that caused the transfers.

                Fair value hierarchy
                During the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, there were no transfers between Level 1 and 2 fair
                value measurements and no transfers into and out of Level 3 fair value measurements.

                As one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the investment properties
                are included in Level 3 fair value measurement.

                Valuation processes of the Group
                The Group’s investment properties were valued at 31 December 2024 and 2023 by independent
                professional qualified valuer who holds recognised relevant professional qualifications and has recent
                experience in the locations and segments of the investment properties valued. For all investment
                properties, their current use equates to the highest and best use.

                The Group’s finance department considered and discussed the valuations performed by the independent
                professional qualified valuer for financial reporting purposes, including all key inputs to the valuations and
                property valuations movements as compared to the prior year.

                Quantitative information of the significant unobservable inputs and description
                of valuation techniques used in Level 3 fair value measurement
                The quantitative information of the significant unobservable input and description of valuation techniques
                used in Level 3 fair value measurement, including the description of the sensitivity to changes in
                unobservable inputs for recurring Level 3 fair value measurements, are as follows:

                                     Fair value at               Valuation                                                      Relationship unobservable
                  Description        31 December 2024            technique              Unobservable inputs                     inputs to fair value

                  Land and buildings, HK$44,300,000              Combination of income (1) Sales prices, range from HK$3,563    The higher the sales prices per square foot of
                     Hong Kong          (2023: HK$37,200,000)       and market                to HK$4,091 (2023: range             comparable properties in close proximity, the
                                                                    approach (2023:           from HK$5,121 to HK$5,984)           higher the fair value (2023: the higher the sales
                                                                   Combination of             per square foot of comparable       prices per square foot of comparable properties in
                                                                   income and market          properties in close proximity       close proximity, the higher the fair value)
                                                                   approach)

                                                                                        (2) Sales prices, range from HK$5,767
                                                                                                to HK$13,963 (2023: range
                                                                                               from HK$11,347 to HK$21,003)
                                                                                                per square foot of comparable
                                                                                                properties in close proximity

                  Land and buildings, HK$39,091,000              Income approach        Unit rent range from RMB5.9 to 6.9      The higher the prevailing market rent, the higher the
                     the PRC             (2023: HK$43,444,000)      (2023: income          (2023: range from RMB8.8 to              fair value (2023: the higher the prevailing market
                                                                    approach)              RMB12.0) per square metre               rent, the higher the fair value)
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   63
                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




17. Inventories
                                                                                           2024               2023
                                                                                        HK$’000            HK$’000

    Raw materials                                                                         65,522            52,006
    Work in progress                                                                       8,101            13,937
    Finished goods                                                                        74,144            58,937

                                                                                         147,767           124,880
    Less: Provision for inventories                                                      (18,402)          (14,611)

                                                                                         129,365           110,269

   The cost of inventories recognised as an expense (included in cost of sales) during the year was
   HK$152,670,000 (2023: HK$151,691,000) , in respect of which HK$3,791,000 (2023: HK$5,312,000) represents
   write down of inventories to net realisable value.

18. Trade and Bills Receivables
                                                                                           2024               2023
                                                                                        HK$’000            HK$’000

    Up to 3 months                                                                        67,663            58,720
    4–6 months                                                                            11,687             8,868
    Over 6 months                                                                            420               153

    Trade receivables, gross (note (a))                                                   79,770            67,741
    Less: Loss allowance                                                                    (345)             (313)

    Trade receivables, net                                                                79,425            67,428
    Bills receivables                                                                      1,478             1,626

                                                                                          80,903            69,054

   (a)   At 31 December 2024 and 2023, the aging analysis of gross trade receivables is based on invoice date.

   (b)   Trade and bills receivables are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                           2024               2023
                                                                                        HK$’000            HK$’000

          HK$                                                                              3,639             9,532
          RMB                                                                              5,635             4,604
          US$                                                                             71,629            54,918

                                                                                          80,903            69,054

   (c)   Information about the Group’s exposure to credit risks and loss allowance for trade receivables is included
         in note 3.1(iii) to the consolidated financial statements.
64   Perennial International Limited

     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     19. Financial Assets at FVPL
                                                                                                    2024           2023
                                                                                                 HK$’000        HK$’000

            Mandatorily measured at FVPL
            Equity securities, listed in Hong Kong                                                  8,240          7,712

          The fair value of listed equity securities is determined by reference to the quoted market bid price available on
          the Stock Exchange and these financial instruments are included in Level 1 fair value measurement.

     20. Cash and Cash Equivalents
                                                                                                    2024           2023
                                                                                                 HK$’000        HK$’000

            Cash at banks and in hand                                                             38,591          22,965
            Short-term time deposits                                                              14,174          16,043

                                                                                                  52,765          39,008

          The maximum exposure to credit risk at the end of the reporting period of the Group is cash at banks amounting
          to HK$52,601,000 (2023: HK$38,887,000) .

                                                                                                    2024           2023
                                                                                                 HK$’000        HK$’000

            Denominated in:
             HK$                                                                                   8,543           2,481
             RMB                                                                                   9,157          19,209
             US$                                                                                  22,476          13,290
             VND                                                                                  12,520           3,923
             Other currencies                                                                         69             105

                                                                                                  52,765          39,008

          Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates.

          Short-term time deposits are made between one month and three months depending on the immediate cash
          requirement of the Group, and earn interest at the prevailing short-term deposit rates.

          Included in the balance are cash deposited in banks in the PRC and Vietnam of HK$3,779,000 and
          HK$13,538,000 (2023: HK$4,979,000 and HK$6,308,000) , respectively, which are denominated in RMB, VND
          and USD and are subject to the exchange control restrictions imposed by the PRC and Vietnam governments.

     21. Share Capital
                                                                                          No. of shares         HK$’000

            Authorised
            At 1 January 2023 and 31 December 2023 and 2024,
              ordinary shares of HK$0.10 each                                                 500,000,000         50,000

            Issued and fully paid
            At 1 January 2023 and 31 December 2023 and 2024,
              ordinary shares of HK$0.10 each                                                 198,958,000         19,896
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   65
                                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




22. Trade and Other Payables
                                                                                                   2024                2023
                                                                                                HK$’000             HK$’000

    Trade payables (note (a))                                                                     20,999             17,006
    Other payables and accruals                                                                   14,918             12,471
    Provision for employee benefits (note (b))                                                    15,431              5,508

    Total (note (c))                                                                              51,348             34,985

   Notes:

   (a)   At 31 December 2024 and 2023, the ageing analysis of trade payables based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                                    2024               2023
                                                                                                 HK$’000            HK$’000

            Up to 3 months                                                                        20,478              16,306
            4 – 6 months                                                                             133                 271
            Over 6 months                                                                            388                 429

                                                                                                  20,999              17,006

   (b)   Provision for employee benefits

         The provision for employee benefits represents management’s best estimate of the Group’s net obligation in respect
         of LSP or severance payments payable to the eligible employees in accordance with relevant labour laws in Hong Kong
         and the PRC.

   (c)   Trade and other payables are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                                    2024               2023
                                                                                                 HK$’000            HK$’000

            HK$                                                                                    9,405              14,312
            RMB                                                                                   26,919              17,013
            US$                                                                                   12,459               1,429
            Other currencies                                                                       2,565               2,231

                                                                                                  51,348              34,985
66   Perennial International Limited

     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     23. Financial Instruments by Category
          The accounting policies for financial instruments have been applied to the line items below:

                                                                                           At amortised cost   At FVPL
                                                                                                    HK$’000    HK$’000

              At 31 December 2024
              Assets as per consolidated statement of financial position
              Trade and bills receivables                                                            80,903          –
              Financial assets at FVPL                                                                    –      8,240
              Other receivables and deposits*                                                         1,037          –
              Cash and cash equivalents                                                              52,765          –

                                                                                                    134,705      8,240

              Liabilities as per consolidated statement of financial position
              Trade payables                                                                         20,999          –
              Other payables**                                                                        7,286          –
              Lease liabilities                                                                          47          –

                                                                                                     28,332          –

              At 31 December 2023
              Assets as per consolidated statement of financial position
              Trade and bills receivables                                                            69,054          –
              Financial assets at FVPL                                                                    –      7,712
              Other receivables and deposits*                                                         1,077          –
              Cash and cash equivalents                                                              39,008          –

                                                                                                    109,139      7,712

              Liabilities as per consolidated statement of financial position
              Trade payables                                                                         17,006         –
              Other payables**                                                                        4,884         –
              Lease liabilities                                                                         501         –
              Derivative financial instruments                                                            –       410

                                                                                                     22,391       410

          *       excluded non-current deposits, prepayments and other tax receivables.

          **      excluded employee benefits payables, other tax payables and provision.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   67
                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




24. Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
   (a) Cash generated from operations

                                                                                            2024                   2023
                                                                                         HK$’000                HK$’000

        Profit before taxation                                                                29,596             17,612
        Interest income                                                                       (1,053)              (444)
        Interest expenses                                                                          8                689
        Loss on disposal/write-off of property, plant and equipment                              303                154
        Exchange difference                                                                      342                  –
        Dividend income from financial assets at FVPL                                           (231)                 –
        Net (gain)/loss arising from changes in fair value of financial assets
          at FVPL                                                                             (1,392)                76
        Loss on revaluation of investment properties                                           8,076              5,634
        Impairment loss of property, plant and equipment                                           –              5,192
        Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                          8,982              9,977
        Impairment loss/(Reversal of impairment loss) on trade receivables                        34                (41)
        Provision for inventories                                                              3,791              5,312

        Operating profit before working capital changes                                       48,456             44,161
         – Inventories                                                                       (25,275)            28,635
         – Trade and other receivables                                                       (12,990)           (16,587)
         – Derivative financial instruments                                                     (410)             1,510
         – Trade and other payables                                                           16,878              5,507

        Cash generated from operations                                                        26,659             63,226

   (b) Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities

                                               Bank loans            Trust receipt loans          Lease liabilities
                                              2024        2023          2024          2023          2024          2023
                                           HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000

        At 1 January                              –       19,000            –        3,775               501         77
        New lease                                 –            –            –            –                 –        869
        Net cash flows                            –      (19,000)           –       (3,775)             (454)      (445)

        At 31 December                            –            –            –            –               47         501


25. Commitments
   (a) Capital commitments
       At 31 December 2024, the Group did not have any capital commitments (2023: nil) .

   (b) Commitments under operating lease as lessor
       At 31 December 2024 and 2023, the Group had future aggregate minimum rental receivables under non-
       cancellable operating leases as follows:

                                                                                            2024                   2023
                                                                                         HK$’000                HK$’000

        Year 1                                                                                 1,730              1,159
        Year 2                                                                                 1,689                  –
        Year 3                                                                                   878                  –

                                                                                               4,297              1,159
68   Perennial International Limited

     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     26. Financial Guarantees and Pledge
          At 31 December 2024, the Group had the following banking facilities, of which HK$72,300,000 (2023:
          HK$56,300,000) were secured by limited guarantees given by the Company and certain subsidiaries (2023: the
          Company and certain subsidiaries) .

                                                                                                                                   2024                  2023
                                                                                                                                HK$’000               HK$’000

            Trade and loan finance facilities                                                                                        72,300             56,300
            Forward exchange contract line                                                                                           93,192            124,944


     27. Ultimate Holding Company
          The Directors of the Company regard Spector Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the British Virgin
          Islands, as being the ultimate holding company and Mr. Mon Chung Hung as being the ultimate controlling
          party.

     28. Subsidiaries
          Details of the subsidiaries at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

                                                    Place of             Issued and fully paid
                                                    incorporation/       share capital/registered
          Name                                      establishment        capital/charter capital       Principal activities                     Interest
                                                                                                                                              2024         2023

          Shares held directly

          Perennial Holdings Global Limited         British Virgin Islands Ordinary US$1               Investment holding                     100%         100%

          Shares held indirectly

          Ever Peak Development Limited             Hong Kong            Ordinary HK$3                 Property holding                       100%         100%

          Glitter Wire & Cable Company Limited      Hong Kong            Ordinary HK$500               Investment holding                     100%         100%

                                                                         Non-voting Deferred
                                                                           HK$2,000,000

          New Technology Cable Limited              Hong Kong            Ordinary HK$1,000             License holding                        100%         100%

                                                                         Non-voting Deferred
                                                                           HK$10,000,000

          Perennial Cable (H.K.) Limited            Hong Kong            Ordinary HK$2,000,000         Trading of electric cables,            100%         100%
                                                                                                         wires, wire harness and
                                                                                                         accessories

          Perennial Cable Limited                   British Virgin Islands Ordinary US$1               Investment and property                100%         100%
                                                                                                          holding

          Perennial Cable (Shenzhen) Co., Limited   The PRC              Registered capital            Property holding                       100%         100%
            &# (“PCS”) (note (a))                                          HK$65,000,000

          Perennial Plastics (H.K.) Limited         Hong Kong            Ordinary HK$2                 Trading of plastic resins and          100%         100%
                                                                                                         compounds

          Perennial Cable (BVI) Limited             British Virgin Islands Ordinary US$50,000          Investment holding                     100%         100%

          New Technology Cable Pte. Limited         Singapore            Ordinary Singapore Dollar 2   License holding                        100%         100%
                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024   69
                                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




28. Subsidiaries (Continued)
                                        Place of           Issued and fully paid
                                        incorporation/     share capital/registered
   Name                                 establishment      capital/charter capital    Principal activities               Interest
                                                                                                                       2024         2023

   Shares held indirectly (Continued)
   Shinka K.K.                          Japan              Ordinary Japanese Yen      License holding                 100%          100%
                                                             10,000,000

   Perennial USA Inc. (note (b))        America            Ordinary US$1              Trading of electric cables,     100%          100%
                                                                                        wires, wire harness and
                                                                                        accessories

   Shenzhen Welldone Trading Co.,       The PRC            Registered capital         Trading of electric cables,     100%          100%
     Limited &# (“HJD”) (note(a))                            HK$1,000,000               wires, wire harness and
                                                                                        accessories

   Shenzhen Perennial Plastics and      The PRC            Registered capital         Manufacturing and sale of       100%          100%
     Metal Co., Limited &# (“SPPM”)                          HK$40,000,000             electric cables, wire, wire
     (note(a))                                                                         harness and accessories

   Shenzhen Perennial Plastics Co.,     The PRC            Registered capital         Manufacturing and sale          100%          100%
     Limited &# (“SPP”) (note(a))                            HK$10,000,000             of plastic resins and
                                                                                       compounds

   Heyuan Perennial Plastics and        The PRC            Registered capital         Property holding                100%          100%
     Metal Co., Limited &# (“HPPM”)                          RMB65,000,000
     (note(a))

   Perennial Cable (Vietnam) Co.,       Vietnam            Charter capital            Manufacturing and sale of       100%          100%
     Limited @ (note(c))                                     US$8,000,000              electric cables, wires, wire
                                                                                       harness and accessories

   #       English translation for identification purpose only

   &       A wholly foreign owned enterprise established in the PRC

   @       A wholly foreign owned enterprise established in the Vietnam

   The legal form of all the above companies is limited liability company.

   Save as noted below, the above companies operate principally in Hong Kong instead of their respective places
   of incorporation/establishment, except for:

   (a)     PCS, HJD, SPPM, SPP and HPPM are in the PRC.

   (b)     Perennial USA Inc. is in America.

   (c)     Perennial Cable (Vietnam) Co., Limited is in Vietnam.
70   Perennial International Limited

     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




     29. Statement of Financial Position and Reserve Movement of the Company
          Statement of Financial Position

                                                                                         2024                2023
                                                                     Note             HK$’000             HK$’000

            ASSETS
            Non-current assets
             Investment in a subsidiary                                                 62,738              62,738

            Current assets
              Due from a subsidiary                                                     59,484              55,066
              Prepayments                                                                  306                 151
              Cash and cash equivalents                                                    176                 186

                                                                                        59,966              55,403

            Total assets                                                               122,704             118,141

            EQUITY
            Equity attributable to
              shareholders of the Company
              Share capital                                                             19,896              19,896
              Other reserves                                          (a)               78,537              78,537
              Retained earnings                                       (a)               24,208              19,644

            Total equity                                                               122,641             118,077

            LIABILITIES
            Current liabilities
              Other payables and accruals                                                   63                  64

            Total liabilities                                                               63                  64

            Total equity and liabilities                                               122,704             118,141

          The statement of financial position of the Company was approved by the Board of Directors on 27 March 2025
          and was signed on its behalf.

                                MON Chung Hung                                   CHAN Chun Yiu
                                   Director                                         Director
                                                                                                               Annual Report 2024      71
                                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)




29. Statement of Financial Position and Reserve Movement of the Company
    (Continued)
   (a) Reserve Movement

                                                    Contributed          Capital
                                          Share         surplus      redemption      Total other        Retained
                                       premium            (note)        reserves       reserves         earnings           Total
                                        HK$’000        HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000

         At 1 January 2024                15,885          62,548              104          78,537          19,644          98,181
         Total comprehensive
            income for the year                 –               –               –               –           8,490           8,490
         Dividend paid                          –               –               –               –          (3,926)         (3,926)

         At 31 December 2024              15,885          62,548              104          78,537          24,208        102,745

         At 1 January 2023                15,885          62,548              104          78,537          19,510          98,047
         Total comprehensive
            income for the year                 –               –               –               –           6,103           6,103
         Dividend paid                          –               –               –               –          (5,969)         (5,969)

         At 31 December 2023              15,885          62,548              104          78,537          19,644          98,181

        Note: The contributed surplus of the Company arose when the Company issued shares in exchange for the shares of
              subsidiaries being acquired in connection with the reorganisation of the Group prior to its listing on the Stock
              Exchange, and represented the difference between the nominal value of the Company’s shares issued and the
              value of net assets of the subsidiaries acquired. Under the Companies Act of 1981 of Bermuda (as amended), the
              contributed surplus is distributable to the shareholders. At Group level, the contributed surplus is reclassified into
              its component reserves of the underlying subsidiaries.


30. Approval of the Consolidated Financial Statements
   The consolidated financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors on 27 March 2025.
72   Perennial International Limited


     FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

                                                        2024      2023      2022      2021      2020

      Operating results (HK$’000)
      Revenue                                         328,578   303,527   324,524   373,472   282,342
      Operating profit/(loss)                          29,604    18,301    22,472    28,623   (11,093)
      Profit/(loss) for the year                       25,804    15,746    18,510    23,597   (11,993)

      Financial position (HK$’000)
      Net current assets                              221,277   192,558   169,615   149,896   116,263
      Shareholders’ funds                             431,650   409,524   404,170   409,183   377,377

      Per share data (HK cent)
      Earnings/(loss) per share
       – basic and diluted                               13.0       7.9       9.3      11.9      (6.0)
      Dividend per share (interim
       and final dividend)                                5.0         –       3.0       2.0         –

      Key Statistics
      Inventory turnover (days)                           187      216       227       173       181
      Debtors’ turnover (days)                             83       73        73        67        90
      Creditors’ turnover (days)                           40       33        39        46        46
      Acid-test ratio (%)                               263%     310%      141%       90%       99%
      Working capital (%)                               494%     592%      399%      224%      221%

      Total liabilities/total capital employed (%)     14.9%     11.1%     15.6%     31.2%     27.4%
      Return on capital employed (operating profit/
       shareholders’ funds) (%)                         7.0%      4.5%      5.6%      7.0%     (2.9%)
      Return on average total assets (profit after
       taxation/average total assets) (%)               5.4%      3.4%      3.7%      4.6%     (2.5%)
   2024
Annual Report
