CHARACTERISTICS OF GEM OF THE STOCK EXCHANGE OF
HONG KONG LIMITED (THE “STOCK EXCHANGE”)

GEM has been positioned as a market designed to accommodate small and mid-sized
companies to which a higher investment risk may be attached than other companies listed on
the Stock Exchange. Prospective investors should be aware of the potential risks of investing in
such companies and should make the decision to invest only after due and careful
consideration.

Given that the companies listed on GEM are generally small and mid-sized companies, there is
a risk that securities traded on GEM may be more susceptible to high market volatility than
securities traded on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange and no assurance is given that there
will be a liquid market in the securities traded on GEM.

Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and the Stock Exchange take no responsibility for the
contents of this report, make no representation as to its accuracy or completeness and expressly disclaim
any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from or in reliance upon the whole or any part of
the contents of this report.

This report, for which the directors (the “Directors”) of Hyfusin Group Holdings Limited (the “Company”)
collectively and individually accept full responsibility, includes particulars given in compliance with the
Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on GEM of the Stock Exchange (the “GEM Listing Rules”) for
the purpose of giving information with regard to the Company and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”).
The Directors, having made all reasonable enquiries, confirm that to the best of their knowledge and belief
the information contained in this report is accurate and complete in all material respects and not
misleading or deceptive, and there are no other matters the omission of which would make any statement
herein or this report misleading.
CONTENTS

Corporate Information                                                        2-3

Chairman’s Statement and Management Discussion and Analysis                 4-12

Corporate Governance Report                                                13-27

Biography of Directors and Senior Management                               28-32

Directors’ Report                                                          33-44

Independent Auditor’s Report                                               45-49

Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income      50

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                               51-52

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                                  53

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                                       54-55

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                            56-123

Financial Summary                                                           124
CORPORATE INFORMATION


Board of Directors                 Executive Directors
                                   Mr. Wong Wai Chit (Chairman)
                                   Mr. Wong Man Chit (Chief Executive Officer)
                                   Ms. Wong Wan Yan

                                   Independent Non-executive Directors
                                   Mr. Chan Cheong Tat
                                   Mr. Ho Chi Wai
                                   Mr. Chu Kin Wang, Peleus

Audit committee                    Mr. Chan Cheong Tat (Chairman)
                                   Mr. Ho Chi Wai
                                   Mr. Chu Kin Wang, Peleus

Remuneration committee             Mr. Chu Kin Wang, Peleus (Chairman)
                                   Mr. Chan Cheong Tat
                                   Mr. Ho Chi Wai

Nomination committee               Mr. Ho Chi Wai (Chairman)
                                   Mr. Chan Cheong Tat
                                   Mr. Chu Kin Wang, Peleus
                                   Ms. Wong Wan Yan (appointed on 20 June 2025)

Company secretary                  Ms. Leung Shui Bing

Authorised representatives         Mr. Wong Wai Chit
                                   Ms. Leung Shui Bing

Compliance officer                 Mr. Wong Wai Chit

Registered office                  Windward 3, Regatta Office Park
                                   PO Box 1350
                                   Grand Cayman KY1-1108
                                   Cayman Islands

Headquarters and principal place   Unit Nos.4−8, 2/F
 of business in Hong Kong          Aberdeen Marina Tower
                                   8 Shum Wan Road
                                   Aberdeen
                                   Hong Kong

Company’s website address          http://www.hyfusingroup.com

Principal share registrar and      Ocorian Trust (Cayman) Limited
  transfer office                  Windward 3, Regatta Office Park
                                   PO Box 1350
                                   Grand Cayman KY1-1108
                                   Cayman Islands




     HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
2    Annual Report 2025
                                                     CORPORATE INFORMATION (CONTINUED)




Hong Kong branch share           Union Registrars Limited
 registrar and transfer office   Suites 3301−04, 33/F
                                 Two Chinachem Exchange Square
                                 338 King’s Road, North Point
                                 Hong Kong

Principal bankers                Shanghai Commercial Bank Limited
                                 Shanghai Commercial Bank Tower
                                 12 Queen’s Road Central
                                 Hong Kong

                                 DBS Bank (Hong Kong) Limited
                                 16/F, The Center
                                 99 Queen’s Road Central
                                 Hong Kong

                                 Shinhan Bank Vietnam
                                 Floor 9, Sonadezi Tower
                                 No.1, 1 Street, Bion Hoa IZ1
                                 Bien Hoa, Dong Nai
                                 Vietnam

                                 Public Bank Vietnam
                                 251 Pham Van Thuan Street
                                 Tan Mai Ward, Bien Hoa City, Dong Nai
                                 Vietnam

Compliance Adviser               TC Capital International Limited
                                 Room 1604, 16/F.
                                 OfficePlus @Sheung Wan
                                 93-103 Wing Lok Street
                                 Hong Kong

Auditor                          BDO Limited
                                 25th Floor, Wing On Centre
                                 111 Connaught Road Central
                                 Hong Kong




                                                                HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                               Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                    3
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT AND
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

The board (the “Board”) of Directors of the Group is pleased to present the audited consolidated financial
results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 to the shareholders of the Company (the
“Shareholders”).

REVIEW OF RESULTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group’s revenue was approximately HK$898.1 million. The
Group recorded a net profit of approximately HK$101.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2025.

LISTING IN HONG KONG
On 19 July 2018 (the “Listing Date”), the Company had been successfully listed on GEM of the Stock
Exchange in Hong Kong (the “Listing”), demonstrating the realisation of capital expansion and structure
optimisation of the Company as well as enhancing the recognition and social influence of the Company.

BUSINESS REVIEW
The Group is a leading manufacturer and distributor of high-quality candle products, including scented,
decorative, and daily-use candles, alongside home fragrance products like diffusers. The Group’s
headquarters is located in Hong Kong, with core manufacturing operations primarily situated in Vietnam.

Our primary market focus remains on mid-to-high-end segments in the U.S. and U.K., serving major
department store operators and professional buying agents. The Group mainly manufactures candle
products based on the requirements and specifications from its customers. The Group also provides
comprehensive value-added services, including product design, material procurement, sampling before
mass production, laboratory testing, and quality enhancement recommendations based on specific
customer requirements.

During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group continued to achieve robust market performance,
driven by a sustained consumer preference for scented and colored candle products. Scented candles
remain our top-selling product category, reflecting a consistent lifestyle trend in the U.S. and U.K.
markets for home fragrance products. Benefiting from high market demand, customer order volumes still
maintained at a high level for the Group during the reporting period.

The analysis of product segment of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 is set out in Note 6
to the consolidated financial statements.

The Group aims to be the competitive manufacturer among the industry, which requires the fostering of
various abilities. The Group has overcome numerous challenges that prompted us to further strengthen
the organizational capacity to counter the challenges posed by the uncertainty of the external
environment.




      HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
4     Annual Report 2025
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT AND MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)




The Group is closely monitoring the evolving international trade landscape, particularly regarding U.S.
trade policies, including the potential for increased import tariffs and various taxation measures. At
present, the operating pressures faced by candle product export enterprises mainly stem from the
absence of finalized U.S. tariff policies, uncertainties in global trade dynamics, and relatively weak market
demand. The uncertainties in U.S. tariff policies affected demand for daily consumption in the U.S.
market, however, the impact is remained relatively low for the Group. To mitigate the impact of frequent
policy shifts and rising entry costs, the Group has implemented strategic initiatives to maintain its
competitive edge in the U.S. market.

Our production capacity was further bolstered by the high level of automation in our two newest factories
established in 2022 and 2024. The renovation of our primary facility is expected to be completed in 2025,
further optimizing operational efficiency.

To support continued sales growth in the U.S. market, the Group has engaged specialized sales
representatives under incentive-based contracts to capture new business opportunities.

In response to the high-interest rate environment, the Group successfully improved its liquidity position by
reducing external borrowings.

Leveraging our well-established long-term customer relationships and an experienced management team,
the Group remains confident in its ability to navigate external uncertainties and capture long-term growth
opportunities through its diversified production strategy.

FINANCIAL REVIEW
Revenue
Revenue for the year ended 31 December 2025 amounted to approximately HK$898.1 million,
representing a decrease of approximately HK$11.3 million or 1.2% as compared with that of
approximately HK$909.4 million for the same period in 2024.

The decrease in revenue was due to the decrease in sales of daily-use candles and other candle products
for approximately HK$11.6 million and HK$51.8 million respectively and offset by an increase in sales of
scented candles and decorative candles for approximately HK$35.6 million and HK$16.5 million
respectively for the year ended 31 December 2025.

Gross profit and gross profit margin
Gross profit for the year ended 31 December 2025 amounted to approximately HK$283.9 million,
representing a decrease of approximately HK$68.0 million or 19.3% as compared with that of
approximately HK$351.9 million for the same period in 2024.

The gross profit margin decreased to approximately 31.6% for the year ended 31 December 2025. This
was mainly due to the decrease in selling price of products and the increase in cost of production of the
Group for the year ended 31 December 2025.




                                                                     HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                    Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                           5
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT AND MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)




Other income
Other income for the year ended 31 December 2025 was approximately HK$19.2 million, representing an
increase of approximately HK$1.5 million or 8.5% compared to that of approximately HK$17.7 million for
the same period in 2024. The increase was mainly due to the compensation from the customer.

Other gains and losses, net
Other losses for the year ended 31 December 2025 amounted to approximately HK$12.8 million,
representing a decrease of approximately HK$45.1 million or 139.6% as compared with other gains of
approximately HK$32.3 million for the same period in 2024. The decrease was mainly due to the
impairment loss on trade receivables of approximately HK$15.3 million and the absence of a reverse of
provision for the claim of the recall of approximately HK$29.7 million recorded in the year ended 31
December 2024.

Selling and distribution expenses
Selling and distribution expenses for the year ended 31 December 2025 amounted to approximately
HK$41.9 million, representing a decrease of approximately HK$0.5 million or 1.0% as compared with that
of approximately HK$42.4 million for the same period in 2024.

The decrease was mainly due to the decrease in marketing and promotion expenses for approximately
HK$3.4 million and offset by an increase in courier costs for samples for approximately HK$2.1 million.

Administrative expenses
Administrative expenses for the year ended 31 December 2025 amounted to approximately HK$112.9
million, representing a decrease of approximately HK$32.1 million or 22.1% as compared with that of
approximately HK$145.0 million for the same period in 2024. The decrease in administrative expenses
was mainly due to decrease in salary, bonus and allowance for approximately HK$31.5 million for the year
ended 31 December 2025.

Finance costs
Finance costs for the year ended 31 December 2025 amounted to approximately HK$11.0 million,
representing a decrease of approximately HK$0.8 million or 6.8% as compared to that of approximately
HK$11.8 million for the same period in 2024.

The decrease was mainly due to decrease in interest rate of bank borrowings for business operation.




     HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
6    Annual Report 2025
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT AND MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)




Income tax expenses
Income tax expenses for the year ended 31 December 2025 amounted to approximately HK$23.0 million,
representing a decrease of approximately HK$8.4 million or 26.8% as compared with that of
approximately HK$31.4 million for the same period in 2024. The decrease in income tax expenses was
mainly due to a decrease in assessable profits for the year and an over-provision of income tax expenses
in the prior year.

Profit for the year
The Group generated net profit of approximately HK$101.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2025
representing a decrease of approximately HK$69.9 million or 40.8% as compared with net profit of
approximately HK$171.4 million for the same period in 2024.

Such decrease was mainly due to decrease in gross profit of approximately HK$68.0 million.

Dividend
The Board does not recommend the payment of any dividend for the year ended 31 December 2025. The
detail is disclosed in Note 14 of the consolidated financial statements.

Liquidity and Financial Resources
As at 31 December 2025, the Group had total assets of approximately HK$861.1 million (31 December
2024: approximately HK$796.8 million), which is financed by total liabilities of approximately HK$112.7
million (31 December 2024: approximately HK$149.8 million) and shareholders’ equity (comprising share
capital and reserves) of approximately HK$748.5 million (31 December 2024: approximately HK$647.0
million).

The total interest-bearing borrowings of the Group as at 31 December 2025 were approximately HK$8.3
million (31 December 2024: approximately HK$12.7 million), and current ratio as at 31 December 2025
was approximately 5.6 times (31 December 2024: approximately 4.1 times) which remains stable.

The Group’s gearing ratio, which is calculated by dividing total debt by total equity as at the end of each
reporting period, decreased from approximately 2.5% as at 31 December 2024 to approximately 1.6% as
at 31 December 2025, primarily due to a decrease in bank borrowings.

As at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024, the Group had unutilised banking facilities of
approximately HK$112.4 million and HK$115.9 million respectively.

The Directors are of the view that as at the date hereof, the Group’s financial resources are sufficient to
support its business and operations.




                                                                    HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                         7
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT AND MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)




Treasury Policy
The Group adopts a prudent financial management approach towards its treasury policy and thus
maintained a healthy liquidity position throughout the reporting period. The management of the Group
regularly reviews the recoverable amount of trade receivables by performing ongoing credit assessments
and monitoring prompt recovery and if necessary to make adequate impairment losses for irrecoverable
amounts. In order to achieve better cost control and minimise the cost of funds, the Group’s treasury
activities are centralised and cash is generally deposited with leading licensed banks in Hong Kong and
denominated in US dollars.

Capital Structure
The Shares were successfully listed on GEM on 19 July 2018. During the reporting period, there has been
no material change in the capital structure of the Company.

As at 31 December 2025, the Company’s issued share capital was HK$9,185,000 (31 December 2024:
HK$9,185,000) and the number of its issued ordinary shares was 918,500,000 (2024: 918,500,000) of
HK$0.01 each.

Pledge of Assets
As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group had pledged certain assets including property, plant and
equipment, right-of-use assets, debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income,
financial asset at fair value through profit or loss, pledged bank deposits with carrying amounts of
approximately HK$55.0 million and HK$58.3 million respectively to secure the Group’s bank borrowings.

Future Plans for Material Investments or Capital Assets
Save as disclosed in the prospectus of the Company dated 29 June 2018 (the “Prospectus”) and this
annual report, the Group did not have any other plans for material investment and capital assets as at 31
December 2025.

Foreign Currency Exposure
The majority transactions of expenditure and bank borrowings of the Group are denominated in foreign
currencies which are different from the functional currency of the Group, i.e. US dollar. The Group is
mainly exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from transactions that are denominated in Hong Kong
dollar and Vietnamese dong. During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group did not have any
hedging arrangements. The Group currently does not have a foreign currency hedging policy. However,
the management of the Group manages its foreign currency risk by closely monitoring the movement of
the foreign currency rates and considering hedging significant foreign currency exposure should the need
arises. The management of the Group considers the exposure to the foreign exchange risk fluctuation for
the Group is not material.




      HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
8     Annual Report 2025
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT AND MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)




Capital Commitments
As at 31 December 2025, the Group had capital commitments of approximately HK$3.5 million in respect
of the acquisition of property, plant and equipment and renovation of existing production facilities in
Vietnam (2024: approximately HK$20.0 million).

Contingent Liabilities
As at 31 December 2025, the Group did not have any contingent liabilities (2024: Nil).

Employees and Remuneration Policies
As at 31 December 2025, the Group employed approximately 1,300 (2024: approximately 1,500) staffs
(including executive Directors). The total amount of employee remuneration of the Group (including
Directors’ remuneration) for the year was approximately HK$138.1 million (2024: approximately HK$173.1
million).

The Company adopted the share option scheme on 7 June 2024 (the “Share Option Scheme”) for the
purpose to provide the Company with a flexible means of giving incentive and reward to employee of the
Group for their contribution to the Group. Details have been set out in the paragraph headed “Share
Option Scheme” in the Directors’ Report and Note 30 to the consolidated financial statements.

The Group determines the employees’ remuneration based on factors such as qualifications, duties,
contributions and years of experience. In addition, the Group provides comprehensive training programs
to its employees or sponsors the employees to attend various job-related training courses.




                                                                   HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                  Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                       9
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT AND MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)




Significant Investments, Material Acquisitions and Disposals of Subsidiaries and Capital Assets
Other than disclosed as elsewhere in this annual report, the Group did not have any significant
investments, material acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries and capital assets during the year ended
31 December 2025.

PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
There are certain risks and uncertainties involved in the Group’s current operations, some of which are
beyond the Group’s control. The most significant risks relating to the business such as (i) fluctuations in
prices of raw materials or unstable supply of raw materials could negatively impact the operations and
may affect our profitability; (ii) our business is concentrated in the U.S. and the U.K. and is highly
susceptible to any adverse economic or social conditions in these markets which would materially and
adversely affect the demand for the products; (iii) our business relies on key management personnel; (iv)
operational risk; and (v) the credit risk of trade receivables that the cash flow position may be affected. A
detailed discussion of the risk factors is set out in the section headed “Risk Factors” in the Prospectus.

OUTLOOK
Looking forward, the business and operation environments of the Group will remain challenging.
Nevertheless, we will embrace these challenges by implementing proactive marketing strategies, investing
more resources for product development and reinforcing cost control measures.

Based on our success, we remain optimistic about the Group’s future development. We intend to execute
our development plan as set forth in the Prospectus carefully and prudently for the purpose of bringing a
desirable return to the Shareholders and facilitating the long-term growth of the business of the Group.




      HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
10    Annual Report 2025
       CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT AND MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)




USE OF PROCEEDS
The net proceeds received by the Group from the Listing after deducting the relevant one-off and
non-recurring listing expenses amounted to approximately HK$44.5 million (based on the public offering
price of HK$0.295 per share), which was below the estimated net proceeds of approximately HK$50.5
million (estimated on the assumption that the public offering price would be HK$1.1 per share), the
midpoint of the range stated in the Prospectus.

The following sets forth a summary of the allocation of the net proceeds and its utilisation as at 31
December 2025, as compared to that envisaged in the Prospectus.

Comparison of Business Objectives with Actual Business Progress
An analysis comparing the business objectives as stated in the Prospectus with the Group’s actual
business progress for the period from the Listing Date (i.e. 19 July 2018) to 31 December 2025 is set out
below:

                                                                                               Unused                                    Unused
                                                                                          amount of net Approximate Approximate amount of net
                                                                                             proceeds actual utilised actual utilised  proceeds
                                                                Approximate Approximate %         as at   during the            as at      as at
                                                               amount of net       of net    1 January     reporting 31 December 31 December
                                                                   proceeds     proceeds          2025        period            2025       2025
                                                                  HK$ million          %    HK$ million   HK$ million     HK$ million HK$ million


Upgrade existing production facilities                                  6.2          13.9           3.2           3.2           6.2             –
Acquisition of new production facilities                               18.1          40.7             –             –          18.1             –
Purchase of new machinery                                               9.2          20.7             –             –           9.2             –
Installation of Enterprise Resource Planning (“ERP”) systems            2.0           4.5             –             –           2.0             –
Partial repayment of bank loans                                         6.9          15.5             –             –           6.9             –
General working capital                                                 2.1           4.7             –             –           2.1             –

                                                                       44.5         100.0           3.2           3.2          44.5             –




                                                                                                 HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                                Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                                             11
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT AND MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)




Upgrade existing production facilities
Fleming International Vietnam Limited, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into
the construction contract in October 2024 at the contract price of VND32,680,000,000 (equivalent to
approximately HK$10.1 million) with the independent contractor in relation to the construction of
renovation of existing production facilities.

The renovation of existing production facilities commenced in October 2024 and the construction work
was completed as at 31 December 2025.

As at 31 December 2025, the total amount of approximately VND31,417,000,000 (equivalent to
approximately HK$9.8 million) was paid in accordance with the construction contract. Part of the contract
price paid by the net proceeds from Listing of approximately HK$6.2 million in aggregate.

The Board considered that the terms of the construction contract are fair and reasonable and in the
interests of the Company and the Shareholders as a whole.


Acquisition of new production facility
In 2019, the Group completed the acquisition of the new land for new production facility. In 2021, the
Group’s building construction of new production facility was completed and fully utilised approximately
HK$18.1 million from part of net proceeds allocated for the new production facility.

Acquisition of new machinery
The Group paid approximately HK$9.2 million for the acquisition of machineries for the expected
increasing purchase orders from its customers.

Installation of ERP systems
The Group paid approximately HK$2.0 million for the related expenses of the ERP systems for production,
warehouse management and customer relationship management.

Partial repayment of bank loans
The Group repaid the balance of bank loans in Hong Kong and Vietnam of approximately HK$2.9 million
and repaid overdraft in Hong Kong amounting to approximately HK$4.0 million.

As at 31 December 2025, the Group had utilised the net proceeds from the Listing of HK$44.5 million
and no net proceeds were remaining.




      HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
12    Annual Report 2025
                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
The Board acknowledges the importance of good corporate governance practices and believes that
maintaining a high standard of corporate governance practices is crucial to the development of the
Company. The Board will continue to review its corporate governance practices in order to enhance its
corporate governance standards, comply with the increasingly complicated regulatory requirements, and
meet with the rising expectations of the Shareholders and respective investors. The Corporate
Governance Code (the “CG Code”) as set out in Appendix C1 to the GEM Listing Rules has been
applicable to the Company from the Listing Date. The Board is of the view that during the year ended 31
December 2025 (the “Relevant Period”), the Company has complied with all applicable code provisions
as set out in the CG Code.

The key corporate governance principles and practices of the Company are summarised as follows:

CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE
According to the code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, the roles of the chairman and the chief executive
should be separate and should not be performed by the same individual. During the Relevant Period, the
role of the chairman of the Company was performed by Mr. Wong Wai Chit who was responsible for
overall management and strategic development of the Group, and the executive functions of a chief
executive officer were discharged by Mr. Wong Man Chit as the chief executive officer of the Company
who was responsible for overall operation of the Group.

In accordance with article 132 of the second amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association (the “Articles”) of the Company, the Directors may elect a chairman of the Board meetings
and determine the period for which he/she is to hold office. If no such chairman is elected, the Directors
present may choose one of their members to be chairman of the meeting. The Board considers this
arrangement allows contributions from all Directors with different expertise to manage the Group’s overall
business development, implementation and management.

The primary duties of the chairman are to ensure that all Directors are properly briefed on issues arising at
Board meetings; ensure that Directors receive, in a timely manner, adequate information, which must be
accurate, clear, complete and reliable; provide leadership for the board and ensure that the Board works
effectively and performs its responsibilities, and that all key and appropriate issues are discussed by it in
a timely manner; ensure that good corporate governance practices and procedures are established;
encourage all Directors to make a full and active contribution to the Board’s affairs; allow sufficient time
for discussion of issues among Directors; ensure that Board decisions fairly reflect Board consensus; at
least annually hold meetings with the independent non-executive Directors without the presence of other
Directors; enhance effective communication with shareholders and ensure that their views are
communicated to the Board as a whole; and facilitating the effective contribution of independent
non-executive Directors in particular and ensure constructive relations between executive Directors and
independent non-executive Directors.




                                                                     HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                    Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                          13
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)




BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Board cultivates good governance as the cornerstone of the Group’s corporate culture. The Board is
responsible for the leadership and control of the Company and is accountable to the Shareholders for the
strategic development of the Group with a targeted goal in respect of maximising long-term Shareholder
value, while balancing stakeholders’ interests. The Board formulates the overall strategic direction, while
the management is delegated with the power to implement policies and strategies as set out by the
Board. The Board has also delegated the day-to-day responsibility to the executive Directors who will
meet regularly to review the financial results and performance of the Group. The Group oversees the
Group’s affairs in a responsible and effective manner. The Board does not delegate matters to the Board
committees, executive Directors or management to an extent that would significantly hinder or reduce the
ability of the Board as a whole to perform its functions.

The management provides sufficient explanation and information to the Board to enable it to make an
informed assessment of financial and other information put before it for approval. It also provides to all
members of the Board with monthly updates giving a balanced and understandable assessment of the
Company’s performance, position and prospects in sufficient details to enable the Board as a whole and
each Director to discharge their duties under Rule 5.01 and Chapter 17 of the GEM Listing Rules.

The Board has a balanced composition of executive and non-executive Directors. Currently, the Board
comprises three executive Directors and three independent non-executive Directors. At all times during
the Relevant Period, the independent non-executive Directors represented at least one-third of the Board.

Mr. Wong Wai Chit and Mr. Wong Man Chit have entered into a service agreement of executive Director
with the Company for a term of three years commencing from 19 July 2024, while Ms. Wong Wan Yan
has entered into a service agreement of executive Director with the Company for an initial term of three
years commencing from 1 November 2024, all of which shall continue thereafter unless and until
terminated by not less than three months’ notice in writing served by either party on the other.

Mr. Chan Cheong Tat and Mr. Ho Chi Wai entered into a letter of appointment as independent
non-executive Directors with the Company for a three years commencing from 19 July 2024, while
Mr. Chu Kin Wang, Peleus entered into a letter of appointment as independent non-executive Director
with the Company for an initial term of three years commencing from 1 December 2024, all of which shall
continue thereafter unless and until terminated by not less than three months’ notice in writing by either
party on the other. Their appointments are subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at the
Company’s annual general meeting (“AGM”) in accordance with the Articles.




      HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
14    Annual Report 2025
                                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)




The composition of the Board is as follows:

Executive Directors
Mr. Wong Wai Chit (Chairman)
Mr. Wong Man Chit (Chief Executive Officer)
Ms. Wong Wan Yan

Independent non-executive Directors
Mr. Chan Cheong Tat
Mr. Ho Chi Wai
Mr. Chu Kin Wang, Peleus

The biographical information of the Directors, which is set out on pages 28 to 31 in this annual report,
demonstrates a balance of skills, experience and diversity perspectives of the Board. Except as disclosed
in the biography of Directors, the Directors have no financial, business, family or other material/relevant
relationships with the any other Director and chief executive.

The Company has throughout the Relevant Period met the requirements of the GEM Listing Rules relating
to the appointment of the independent non-executive Directors with at least one of them possessing
appropriate accounting professional qualifications as required under Rule 5.05(2) of the GEM Listing
Rules. Mr. Ho Chi Wai and Mr. Chu Kin Wang, Peleus are independent non-executive Directors who
possess the appropriate professional qualifications, or accounting or related financial management
expertise as required under Rule 5.05(2) of the GEM Listing Rules. Each of the independent non-executive
Directors has submitted a written statement to the Stock Exchange confirming their independence prior
to their respective appointment and has undertaken to inform the Stock Exchange as soon as practicable
if there is any subsequent change of circumstances which may affect their independence. The Company
has also received a written confirmation from each of the independent non-executive Directors in respect
of their independence during the year ended 31 December 2025. The Board considers that all
independent non-executive Directors were considered to be independent by reference to the factors
stated in Rule 5.09 of the GEM Listing Rules throughout the Relevant Period.

In accordance with article 108(a) of the Articles, at each AGM one-third of the Directors for the time being
(or, if their number is not three or a multiple of three, then the number nearest to but not less than
one-third) shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director shall be subject to retirement by
rotation at least once every three years. Such retiring Directors shall be eligible for re-election at the AGM.

In accordance with article 112 of the Articles, any Director appointed by the Board during the year to fill a
casual vacancy shall hold office only until the first AGM after such appointment and be subject to
re-election at such meeting and any Director appointed by the Board as an addition to the existing Board
shall hold office only until the first AGM after such appointment and shall then be eligible for re-election.
Any Director appointed under article 112 of the Articles shall not be taken into account in determining the
Directors of the number of Directors who are to retire by rotation at the AGM. Other matters reserved for
the Board include consideration of dividend policy, approval of major investments and review of the
corporate governance practices of the Group. Daily operations and administration are delegated to
management teams.




                                                                      HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                     Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                            15
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)




The Company has arranged insurance cover in respect of legal action against its Directors. The insurance
coverage is reviewed at least annually to ensure that the Directors and officers are adequately protected
against potential liabilities.

Each Director is normally able to seek independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances at
the Company’s expense, upon reasonable request made to the Board.

BOARD INDEPENDENCE
The Company believes that the independence of the Board is significant to good corporate governance
and Board effectiveness. The Board has mechanisms in place to ensure independent opinions from any
Director are delivered to the Board for enhancing an objective and effective decision making process.

The governance framework and the following mechanisms are reviewed annually by the Board, through
the nomination committee of the Company (the “Nomination Committee”), to ensure their effectiveness:

1.    Three out of the six Directors are independent non-executive Directors, which meets the
      requirements of the GEM Listing Rules that the Board must have at least three independent
      non-executive Directors and must appoint independent non-executive Directors representing at
      least one-third of the Board.

2.    The Nomination Committee will assess the independence, qualification, integrity and time
      commitment of a candidate who is nominated to be a new independent non-executive Director
      before appointment and also the continued independence of existing independent non-executive
      Directors and their time commitments annually. On an annual basis, all independent non-executive
      Directors are required to confirm in writing their compliance of independence requirements, and to
      disclose the number and nature of offices held by them in public companies or organisations.

3.    The Nomination Committee will arrange the evaluation of the independent non-executive Directors
      annually to assess their contributions.

4.    External independent professional advice is available as and when required by individual Directors.

5.    All Directors are encouraged to express their independent opinions and constructive challenges
      during the meetings.

6.    No equity-based remuneration with performance-related elements will be granted to independent
      non-executive Directors.

7.    A Director (including independent non-executive Director) who has a material interest in a contract,
      arrangement or other proposal shall not vote or be counted in the quorum on any Board resolution
      approving the same.

8.    The chairman of the Board meets with independent non-executive Directors annually without the
      presence of the executive Director.

During the Relevant Period, the Board has reviewed the implementation of such mechanism and
confirmed its effectiveness.



      HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
16    Annual Report 2025
                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)




NOMINATION COMMITTEE
The Company established the Nomination Committee on 23 June 2018 with specific written terms of
reference in compliance with the CG Code as set out in C1 to the GEM Listing Rules. The terms of
reference setting out the Nomination Committee’s authority, duties and responsibilities are available on
both the Stock Exchange’s website and the Company’s website. The primary duties of the Nomination
Committee are to review the structure, size and composition of the Board at least annually and make
recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board to complement the Company’s corporate
strategy; identify qualified individuals to become Board members; assess the independence of
independent non-executive Directors; make recommendations to the Board on relevant matters relating
to the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and succession planning for Directors; and monitor the
implementation of the board diversity policy (the “Diversity Policy”) on an ongoing basis. The Nomination
Committee is provided with sufficient resources to discharge its duties.

To facilitate sustainable and balanced development of the Company, the Nomination Committee has
adopted a Diversity Policy, which sets out the approach to achieve diversity of the Board. Under the
Diversity Policy, the appointment and/or recommendation for appointment will be based on objective
criteria, having due regard to the benefits of diversity on the Board, including, among others, the
candidates’ gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills,
knowledge and length of service. Decisions of the Nomination Committee are made based on the merits
and contribution of the selected candidates.

The Board and the Nomination Committee will review the Diversity Policy at least annually to ensure its
continued effectiveness from time to time. During the Relevant Period, the Board and the Nomination
Committee had reviewed the implementation and confirmed its still effectiveness.

During the Relevant Period, the Company maintained an effective Board comprising members of different
professional background and industry experience. There is also a diverse mix of gender including one
female and five male Board members, allowing the Company to achieve the gender diversity of the Board
at approximately 16.7%. The Company and the Nomination Committee recognise the importance and
benefits of gender diversity at the Board level and ensure at least one member of the Board shall be
female if necessary.

As at 31 December 2025, the male to female ratio across all level of the Group is approximately 2:3. The
Group continues to take steps to promote diversity at all levels of its workforce.

The Nomination Committee has also adopted a nomination policy (the “Nomination Policy”) which sets
out the selection criteria and procedure of appointment and re-appointment of Directors.




                                                                  HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                 Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                      17
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)




Procedure and Process for Nomination of Directors
The Nomination Committee will recommend to the Board for the appointment of a Director including an
independent non-executive Director in accordance with the following selection criteria and nomination
procedures:

Selection Criteria
The Nomination Committee shall consider the following criteria in evaluating and selecting candidates for
directorships:

(a)    Diversity in the aspects, amongst others, of gender, age, cultural and educational background,
       professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service;

(b)    The number of directorships in other listed/public companies;

(c)    Commitment for responsibilities of the Board in respect of available time and relevant interest;

(d)    Qualifications, including accomplishment and experience in the relevant industries in which the
       Group’s business is involved;

(e)    Experience in the Group’s principal business and/or the industry in which the Group operates;

(f)    Independence;

(g)    Reputation for integrity; and

(h)    Potential contributions that the individual can bring to the Board.

Nomination Procedures
The Nomination Committee will recommend to the Board for the appointment of a Director in accordance
with the following procedures and process:

i.     The Nomination Committee and/or the Board may select candidates for directorship from various
       channels, including but not limited to internal promotion, re-designation, referral by other member
       of the management and external recruitment agents, and may seek independent professional
       advice to access a wider range of potential candidates.

ii.    The secretary of the Nomination Committee shall invite nomination of candidates from the Board
       members (if any) for consideration by the Nomination Committee. The Nomination Committee may
       also put forward candidates who are not nominated by the Board.

iii.   Upon considering a candidate suitable for the directorship, the Nomination Committee will hold a
       meeting and/or by way of written resolutions to, if thought fit, approve the recommendation to the
       Board for appointment.

iv.    The Nomination Committee will provide the relevant information of the selected candidate to the
       Remuneration Committee for consideration of the remuneration package of such selected
       candidate.


       HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
18     Annual Report 2025
                                                                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)




v.      The Nomination Committee will thereafter make the recommendation to the Board in relation to the
        proposed appointment, and the Remuneration Committee will make the recommendation to the
        Board on the policy and structure for the remuneration.

vi.     All appointment of Directors will be confirmed by the filing of the consent to act as Director of the
        relevant Director (or any other similar filings requiring the relevant Director to acknowledge or
        accept the appointment as Director, as the case may be) to be filed with the relevant regulatory
        authorities, if required.

vii.    For any person that is nominated by a Shareholder for election as a Director at the general meeting
        of the Company, the Nomination Committee and/or the Board should evaluate such candidate
        based on the criteria as set out above to determine whether such candidate is qualified for
        directorship.

viii.   The Nomination Committee and/or the Board should make recommendation to the Shareholders in
        respect of the proposed election of Director at the general meeting.

The Nomination Committee comprised a total of four members, being the executive Director, namely
Ms. Wong Wan Yan and three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Chan Cheong Tat,
Mr. Ho Chi Wai and Mr. Chu Kin Wang, Peleus. The chairman of the Nomination Committee is Mr. Ho Chi
Wai.

During the Relevant Period, the Nomination Committee held one meeting for, inter alia, considering the
retirement and re-election of the Directors at the AGM, assessing the independence of independent
non-executive Directors, nominating a new member of the Nomination Committee to the Board, reviewing
the Diversity Policy and Nomination Policy and to assess, review and make recommendations on the
structure, size and composition of the Board.

Details of the attendance records of each committee member at the Nomination Committee meeting are
set out under the subheading “Practices and Conduct of Meetings” below.

The following graph provides an analysis on the composition of the Board as at the date of this report:

                       Number of Directors

                       9

                       8

                       7

                       6
                                                                       Female
                       5                                                              >60
                                         INEDs
                       4

                       3
                                                                        Male          51-60
                       2
                                             EDs
                       1
                                                                                      41-50
                       0
                                  Designation                         Gender       Age group
                       Remarks:

                       EDs – Executive Directors
                       INEDs – Independent Non-executive Directors


                                                                                 HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                     19
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)




REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
The Company established the remuneration committee (the “Remuneration Committee”) on 23 June
2018 with specific written terms of reference in compliance with the CG Code. The terms of reference
setting out the Remuneration Committee’s authority, duties and responsibilities are available on both the
Stock Exchange’s website and the Company’s website. The primary duties of the Remuneration
Committee are to make recommendations to the Board on the overall remuneration policy and structure
relating to the Directors and senior management of the Group; review performance-based remuneration;
make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of the Directors and senior
management of the Group; ensure none of the Directors or any of their associates determine their own
remuneration; and to review and/or approve the matters relating to the share option scheme of the
Company. The Remuneration Committee is also responsible for the establishment of a formal and
transparent procedure for developing remuneration policy. The Remuneration Committee has adopted the
model as described in the code provision E.1.2(c)(ii) of the CG Code to make recommendations to the
Board on the remuneration packages of individual executive Directors and senior management, including
salaries, bonuses, pension rights, compensation payments and benefits in kind. The Remuneration
Committee also reviews and approves the management’s remuneration proposals with reference to the
Board’s corporate goals and objectives. The Remuneration Committee is provided with sufficient
resources to perform its duties.

The Remuneration Committee comprised a total of three members, being the three independent
non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Chan Cheong Tat, Mr. Ho Chi Wai and Mr. Chu Kin Wang, Peleus.
The chairman of the Remuneration Committee is Mr. Chu Kin Wang, Peleus.

During the Relevant Period, the remuneration of Directors was determined by their experience,
responsibility, workload and the time devoted to the Group. Executive Directors and employees also
participate in bonus arrangements determined in accordance with the performance of the Group and the
individual’s performance.

During the Relevant Period, the Remuneration Committee held one meeting for, inter alia, reviewing the
remuneration policy and the share option scheme of the Company, the Directors’ fee of the independent
non-executive Directors and remuneration packages of the executive Directors.

Details of the attendance records of each committee member at the Remuneration Committee meeting
are set out under the subheading “Practices and Conduct of Meetings” below.

AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Company established the audit committee (the “Audit Committee”) on 23 June 2018 with specific
written terms of reference in compliance with Rules 5.28 to 5.29 of the GEM Listing Rules and the CG
Code. The terms of reference setting out the Audit Committee’s authority, duties and responsibilities are
available on both the Stock Exchange’s website and the Company’s website. The primary duties of the
Audit Committee are mainly to make recommendation to the Board on the appointment, re-appointment
and removal of the external auditor; develop and implement policy on engaging the external auditor to
supply non-audit services; oversee the integrity of financial information of the Company and its disclosure;
review the accounting principles and practices adopted by the Group; review financial statements and
material advice in respect of financial reporting; and review the effectiveness of the risk management and
internal control system of the Company. The Audit Committee shall consider whether, in order to ensure
continuing auditor independence, there should be a regular rotation of the independent registered public
accounting firm. The Audit Committee is provided with sufficient resources to discharge its duties.




      HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
20    Annual Report 2025
                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)




The Audit Committee comprised a total of three members, being the three independent non-executive
Directors, namely Mr. Chan Cheong Tat, Mr. Ho Chi Wai and Mr. Chu Kin Wang, Peleus. The chairman of
the Audit Committee is Mr. Chan Cheong Tat. None of the members of the Audit Committee is a former
partner of the Company’s and its subsidiary’s existing external auditors.

During the Relevant Period, the Audit Committee held two meetings for, inter alia, (1) discussing with the
external auditor to assess the impact on applying the new accounting standards; (2) reviewing the audited
consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024, and the unaudited consolidated
financial statements for six months ended 30 June 2025; (3) reviewing the effectiveness of the risk
management and internal control system in accordance with code provision D.2.1 of the CG Code; (4)
improving current standard of operational control procedures; (5) considering the appointment and
re-appointment of the external auditor of the Company, reviewing its independence and qualification, and
reviewing and approving the audit scope and fees proposed by the external auditor; and (6) reviewing the
management letters and reports issued by the external auditor of the Company.

Details of the attendance records of each committee member at the Audit Committee meeting are set out
under the subheading “Practices and Conduct of Meetings” below.

PRACTICES AND CONDUCT OF MEETINGS
Schedules and agendas for regular Board meetings are normally agreed with the Directors in advance in
order to facilitate them to attend. Notice of at least 14 days is given for a regular Board meeting. For
other Board meetings, reasonable notice is given. Board papers together with appropriate, complete and
reliable information are circulated to all Directors not less than 3 days before the date of the Board
meetings to enable them to make informed decisions.

All Directors are supplied in a timely manner with all relevant documentation and financial information. The
company secretary is responsible to keep minutes of all Board meetings. Draft minutes are normally
circulated to all Directors for comments within a reasonable time after each meeting and the final version
is open for their inspection.

The attendance records of each Director at the Board and the above committee meetings and the general
meetings of the Company held during the Relevant Period are as follows:

                                                         Attendance/Number of Meetings
                                                           Audit Remuneration   Nomination
                                            Board     Committee    Committee     Committee         General
Name of Director                           Meeting      Meeting       Meeting       Meeting        Meeting


Executive Directors
Mr. Wong Wai Chit                               5/5          N/A           N/A           N/A            1/1
Mr. Wong Man Chit                               5/5          N/A           N/A           N/A            1/1
Ms. Wong Wan Yan                                5/5          N/A           N/A           0/0            1/1

Independent non-executive Directors
Mr. Chan Cheong Tat                             5/5           2/2           1/1           1/1           1/1
Mr. Ho Chi Wai                                  5/5           2/2           1/1           1/1           1/1
Mr. Chu Kin Wang, Peleus                        5/5           2/2           1/1           1/1           1/1




                                                                    HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                         21
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)




The Board was satisfied with the attendance of the Directors as they have committed sufficient time and
attention to the affairs of the Company. Each Director shall disclose to the Company at the time of the
materiality of interest and be required to abstain from voting and not to be counted in the quorum at
meetings for approving transactions in which such Directors or any of their associates have a material
interest.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTIONS
According to code provision A.2.1 of the CG Code, the Board is responsible for performing the duties
relating to corporate governance functions. The Board has the following responsibilities in performing the
corporate governance duties of the Company as follows: (i) developing and reviewing the Group’s policies
and practices on corporate governance and make recommendations; (ii) reviewing and monitoring the
training and continuous professional development of the Directors and senior management of the Group;
(iii) reviewing and monitoring the Group’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory
requirements; (iv) developing, reviewing and monitoring the code of conduct and compliance manual (if
any) applicable to employees and Directors; and (v) reviewing the Group’s compliance with the CG Code
and disclose in the corporate governance report.

AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION
During the year ended 31 December 2025, the fees of the external auditor in respect of audit and
non-audit services provided to the Group were as follows:

Service rendered                                                                            Fee amount
                                                                                               HK$’000


Audit Service
  – BDO Limited                                                                                      940
  – BDO network firm                                                                                 160

                                                                                                   1,100

Non-audit services (Note)                                                                            121

                                                                                                   1,221

Note: The non-audit services mainly represented tax services.


FINANCIAL REPORTING
The Board has acknowledged their responsibility for the preparation of the consolidated financial
statements for the Relevant Period, which give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Group in
accordance with the statutory requirements and accounting standards and other financial disclosure
requirement under the GEM Listing Rules. The management of the Group has provided sufficient
explanation and information to the Board as necessary to enable the Board to make an informed
assessment of the financial information and position of the Group for the Board’s approval. The statement
by auditor about their reporting responsibilities is set out in the independent auditor’s report on the
consolidated financial statements.



      HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
22    Annual Report 2025
                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)




REMUNERATION POLICY FOR DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
The remuneration policy of the Group is to ensure the fairness and competitiveness of total remuneration.
The emoluments of executive Directors are determined based on the skills, knowledge, individual
performance as well as contributions, the scope of responsibility and accountability of such Directors,
taking into consideration the Company’s performance and prevailing market conditions. The remuneration
of the executive Directors and senior management of the Group is subject to review and approval by the
Remuneration Committee. The remuneration policy of independent non-executive Directors is to ensure
that they are adequately compensated for their efforts and time dedicated to the Company’s affairs. Their
emoluments are determined with reference to their skills, experience, knowledge, duties and market
trends. The remuneration of the independent non-executive Directors is subject to approval by the Board.

Particulars of the Directors’ remuneration for the year ended 31 December 2025 are set out in Note 12 to
the consolidated financial statements.

Pursuant to code provision E.1.5 of the CG Code, the remuneration of the members of the senior
management of the Group (other than the Directors) whose particulars are contained in the section
headed “Biography of Directors and Senior Management” of this annual report for the Relevant Period by
band is set out below.

                                                                                             Number of
Remuneration band                                                                             individual


Over HK$1,000,000                                                                                      1

DIRECTORS’ SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
The Company has adopted the required standard of dealings (the “Required Standard of Dealings”)
set out in Rules 5.48 to 5.67 of the GEM Listing Rules as the code of conduct for dealing in securities of
the Company by the Directors. The Company has also established written guidelines on no less exacting
terms than the Required Standard of Dealings for relevant employees in respect of their dealings in the
Company’s securities. Having made specific enquiries of all the Directors, each of them have confirmed
that they have complied with the Required Standard of Dealings for the Relevant Period. No incident of
non-compliance was noted by the Company for the Relevant Period either.

DIRECTORS’ TRAINING AND PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
Each newly appointed Director is provided with necessary induction and information to ensure that he has
a proper understanding of the Company’s operations and businesses as well as his responsibilities under
relevant statues, laws, rules and regulations. The Company also arranges regular seminars to provide
Directors with updates on latest development and changes in the GEM Listing Rules and other relevant
legal and regulatory requirements from time to time. The Directors are also provided with regular updates
on the Company’s performance, position and prospects to enable the Board as a whole and each
Director to discharge their duties.

Directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh
their knowledge and skills. The company secretary of the Company has from time to time updated and
provided written training materials relating to the roles, functions and duties of a Director.




                                                                   HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                  Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                       23
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)




According to the information provided by the Directors, a summary of training received by the Directors
during the Relevant Period is as follows:

                                                                                    Reading materials/
Name of Directors                                                                   Attending seminars

Executive Directors
Mr. Wong Wai Chit (Chairman)                                                                            ✓
Mr. Wong Man Chit (Chief Executive Officer)                                                             ✓
Ms. Wong Wan Yan                                                                                        ✓

Independent Non-Executive Directors
Mr. Chan Cheong Tat                                                                                     ✓
Mr. Ho Chi Wai                                                                                          ✓
Mr. Chu Kin Wang, Peleus                                                                                ✓

RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS
The Board acknowledges its responsibility for reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group’s
internal control and risk management systems. Such internal control and risk management systems are
designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives and can only
provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss. The Board had
conducted a review on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control and risk management systems
once during the year ended 31 December 2025 which covered financial, operational, compliance
procedural and risk management functions and had considered the adequacy of resources, staff
qualifications and experience, training programmes and budget of the Group’s accounting and financial
reporting function, as well as those relating to the Company’s environmental, social and governance
(“ESG”) performance and reporting. The Company’s internal control includes ESG risk management. ESG
risks may have significant impacts on a company’s financial performance, reputation, and ability to
operate. Our risk management and internal control processes therefore take into account potential
impacts of ESG factors on the Group’s operations, reputation, and financial performance. The Board had
also reviewed the changes in the nature and extent of significant risks since the last annual review, the
ability of the Group to respond to changes in its business and the external environment, the scope and
quality of management’s ongoing monitoring of risks and the internal control system, the significant
control failings or weaknesses that have been identified during the year and the extent to which they have
resulted in a material impact on the Group’s financial performance or condition, the extent and frequency
of communication of monitoring results to the Board which enables it to assess control of the Company
and the effectiveness of risk management, as well as the effectiveness of the Company’s processes for
compliance with the GEM Listing Rules. In light of the size and scale of the Group’s business, the Group
does not have an internal audit function as the Board has reviewed the adequacy and effectiveness of the
internal control system of the Group and is currently of the view that there is no immediate need to set up
an internal audit function within the Group. The Board will review and consider to establish such
department as and when it thinks necessary.

The Group has engaged an external professional consultant, to conduct independent internal control
review for the Relevant Period and the review has been completed as at the date of this annual report.

The Group believes that good corporate governance practices are very important for maintaining and
promoting investor confidence and for the sustainable growth of the Group. The Group has therefore
made continued efforts to uplift its quality of corporate governance. It has established an effective system
of internal controls and adopted a series of measures to ensure its safety and effectiveness. As a result,
the Group is able to safeguard its assets and protect the interests of the Shareholders.



      HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
24    Annual Report 2025
                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)




The Board is of the view that the systems of internal control and risk management are effective and there
are no irregularities, improprieties, fraud or other deficiencies that suggest material deficiency in the
effectiveness of the Group’s internal control system.

Internal Control System
The Company has maintained an internal control system and its implementation has been considered
effective by the Audit Committee and the Board. Meanwhile, the Group strives for continual improvement
through efforts to enhance controls, ongoing employee training and development, talent retention, and
other measures. The Group follows a disciplined and balanced compensation framework with strong
internal governance and independent Board oversight. The impact of risk and control issues are carefully
considered in the Group’s performance evaluation and incentive compensation processes.

In order to enhance the Group’s system of handling and dissemination of inside information, the Group
maintains a framework for the handling and dissemination of inside information and the disclosure policy
of the framework sets out the procedures and internal controls to ensure inside information remains
confidential until such information is appropriately disclosed and the announcement of such information is
made in a timely manner in compliance with the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the
Laws of Hong Kong) (the “SFO”) and the GEM Listing Rules.

In addition, the Group had, from time to time, reminded the management of the requirements of the GEM
Listing Rules and guidelines on the inside information issued by the Stock Exchange and the Securities
and Futures Commission. The blackout notice period and the Model Code for Securities Transactions by
Directors of Listed Issuers set out in Rules 5.46 to 5.67 of the GEM Listing Rules are sent to the Directors
regularly such that they are reminded to preserve the confidentiality of inside information. Inside
information (if any) is only disseminated to specified persons on a need-to-know basis.

ANTI-CORRUPTION
The Group takes anti-corruption responsibilities very seriously. The Group’s anti-corruption policies set
out the standards of conduct to which all employees are required to adhere to. The Group has designated
email for relevant stakeholders to report, in confidence, any illegal or fraudulent behaviours to the Board.
Employees making such reports are assured of protection. The designated email is available on the
Company’s website at http://www.hyfusingroup.com. The Group has also established a regularly review
on its business practices and anti-corruption measures and guidelines, as well as reported improprieties
investigation.

The Group establishes an effective whistle-blowing policy for reporting suspected irregularities, fraud and
corruption via specified channels for employees and the relevant third parties (e.g. customers, suppliers,
creditors, debtors). All reported matters will be investigated independently and, in the meantime, all
information received from a whistleblower and its identity will be kept confidential. The Group also
continues to improve its internal control and monitoring system. If any irregularities are identified, the
Group takes immediate action and adopts a zero-tolerance approach to corruption.

The Board and the Audit Committee will regularly review the whistle-blowing policy and mechanism to
improve its effectiveness.




                                                                    HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                         25
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)




COMMUNICATIONS WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTMENT COMMUNITY
The Board has established shareholders’ communication policy and is dedicated to maintaining an
on-going dialogue with the Shareholders and the investment community. The policy is subject to review
regularly to ensure its effectiveness. The shareholders’ communication policy setting out the principles of
the Company in relation to Shareholders’ communications, with the objectives of ensuring a transparent
and timely communication with Shareholders. It aims to ensure the Shareholders and the investment
community are provided with ready and timely access to all publicly available information about the
Company such as circulars and Company’s financial reports (quarterly, interim and annual reports) so as
to enable the Shareholders to exercise their rights in an informed manner and to allow the Shareholders
and investment community to engage actively with the Company. We welcome the Shareholders and the
investment community to visit the Company’s website at http://www.hyfusingroup.com to obtain
up-to-date information regarding the Company.

Shareholders are encouraged to attend general meetings of the Company for the Board to communicate
and exchange opinion directly with the shareholders. Board members, in particular, either the chairman
of Board committees or their delegates, appropriate management executives and external auditors will
attend annual general meetings to answer Shareholders’ questions. The detailed procedures of
conducting a poll are explained to Shareholders at the commencement of the general meetings, to ensure
that Shareholders are familiar with such procedures.

To respond and get feedback from Shareholders, the Company provides Shareholders with various
channels to express their views on matters affecting the Company including (i) Hong Kong branch share
registrar and transfer office of the Company, Union Registrars Limited, for enquiries on shareholdings; (ii)
company secretary of the Company for direct questions, request for publicly available information and
provide comments and suggestions; and (iii) deliver opinion by email to the Company.

During the Relevant Period, the Board has reviewed the implementation and confirmed the effectiveness
of the shareholders’ communication policy including procedures at the general meetings, the handling of
queries (if any) and the various channels of communication and engagement in place, and considered that
the shareholders’ communication policy has been properly implemented during the Relevant Period under
review and is effective.

CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
There are no significant changes in the Company’s constitutional documents for the Relevant Period.




      HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
26    Annual Report 2025
                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT (CONTINUED)




SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
Convening an Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company and putting forward Proposals at
General Meetings
Shareholders may put forward proposals for consideration at a general meeting of our Company
according to the Articles. Any one or more Shareholders holding, at the date of deposit of the requisition,
not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company and carrying the right of voting at general
meetings of the Company shall at all times have the right, by written requisition to the Board or the
company secretary of the Company, to require an extraordinary general meeting (“EGM”) to be called by
the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition. Such meeting shall be held
within two months after the deposit of such requisition. If within 21 days of such deposit, the Board fails
to proceed to convene such meeting, the requisitionist(s) himself/herself/themselves may do so in the
same manner, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the
Board shall be reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by the Company.

Putting forward Enquiries to the Board
Enquiries by the Shareholders to be put to the Board can be sent in writing to the Directors or company
secretary of the Company at the principal place of business in Hong Kong. The Shareholders may make a
request for information about the Company by sending an e-mail to info@hyfusingroup.com.

For share registration related matters, such as share transfer and registration, change of name or
address, loss of share certificates or dividend warrants, the Company’s registered shareholders can
contact the Company’s branch share registrar and transfer office in Hong Kong, Union Registrars Limited.

COMPANY SECRETARY
The Company has engaged Ms. Leung Shui Bing, manager of the Listing Services Department of TMF
Hong Kong Limited, as its company secretary since 1 December 2021. Ms. Leung’s biographical details
is set out under the section headed “Biography of Directors and Senior Management” of this annual
report. Ms. Leung’s primary contact person at the Company is Mr. Choi Ka Shing, the chief financial
officer of the Group. Ms. Leung reports to the chairman and/or the chief executive officer of the
Company.

During the Relevant Period, Ms. Leung had undertaken no less than 15 hours of relevant professional
training in compliance with Rule 5.15 of the GEM Listing Rules.




                                                                    HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                         27
BIOGRAPHY OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. Wong Wai Chit
Mr. Wong Wai Chit (黃偉捷) (Mr. Vincent Wong), aged 58, is our chairman and executive Director.
Mr. Vincent Wong is one of the controlling shareholders (as defined in the GEM Listing Rules) of the
Company and he joined our Group as the director of Fleming International Limited, a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company, on 20 July 1993. He was appointed as Director on 5 July 2017 and was
redesignated as executive Director on 23 June 2018. Mr. Vincent Wong is responsible for formulating our
Group’s overall strategic plans and overseeing its financial control, business development and policy
setting.

Mr. Vincent Wong is one of the founding members of our Group and has over 24 years of candle
manufacturing experience. He was educated in secondary schools in Hong Kong. Mr. Vincent Wong is
the younger brother of Mr. Andrew Wong and elder brother of Ms. Donna Wong.

For the interests of Mr. Vincent Wong in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which would fall
to be disclosed under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO as at 31 December 2025, please refer to
the section headed “Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interest in Shares, Underlying Shares and
Debentures” of this annual report for details.

Mr. Wong Man Chit
Mr. Wong Man Chit (黃聞捷) (Mr. Andrew Wong), aged 60, is our chief executive officer and executive
Director. Mr. Andrew Wong is one of the controlling shareholders (as defined in the GEM Listing Rules) of
the Company and he joined our Group as the director of Fleming International Limited, a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company, on 20 July 1993. He was appointed as Director on 5 July 2017 and was
redesignated as executive Director on 23 June 2018. Mr. Andrew Wong is responsible for overseeing our
Group’s business operations, its overall sales and marketing strategies and its production and product
development.

Mr. Andrew Wong is one of the founding members of our Group and has over 24 years of candle
manufacturing experience. He was educated in secondary schools in Hong Kong. Mr. Andrew Wong is
the elder brother of Mr. Vincent Wong and Ms. Donna Wong.

For the interests of Mr. Andrew Wong in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which would fall
to be disclosed under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO as at 31 December 2025, please refer to
the section headed “Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interest in Shares, Underlying Shares and
Debentures” of this annual report for details.

Ms. Wong Wan Yan
Ms. Wong Wan Yan (黃韵殷) (Ms. Donna Wong), aged 49, is appointed as executive Director from 1
November 2024. She is also a member of the Nomination Committee. She joined our Group as deputy
general manager of Fleming International Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, on 15
October 1999. Ms. Donna Wong is responsible for management of the manufacturing and sale of candle
products.

She obtained her bachelor’s degree of science, management and marketing from Hawaii Pacific
University in 1999. Ms. Donna Wong is the sister of our executive Directors, namely Mr. Vincent Wong
and Mr. Andrew Wong.

      HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
28    Annual Report 2025
                          BIOGRAPHY OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)




INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. Chan Cheong Tat
Mr. Chan Cheong Tat (陳昌達), aged 75, was appointed as our independent non-executive Director on
23 June 2018 and is the chairman of the Audit Committee and a member of Remuneration Committee
and Nomination Committee. Mr. Chan provides independent advice to our Board on management and
provides independent judgment on the issue of strategy, performance, resources and standard of
conduct of our Company, despite that he is not participating in the day-to-day management of our
business operation. Mr. Chan is appointed for a term of 3 years from 19 July 2024 and he is subject to
retirement by rotation and re-election in accordance with the Articles.

Mr. Chan is the founding shareholder and sole director of C T Tax Consultants Limited since August
2006. Prior to that, Mr. Chan had worked in the Inland Revenue Department for over 32 years. He joined
the Hong Kong Government as assistant assessor in November 1972, and was promoted to assessor in
January 1976, to senior assessor in May 1985, to chief assessor in June 1994, to assistant commissioner
of the Inland Revenue Department in September 2003, and commenced the pre-retirement leave in April
2005.

Mr. Chan obtained a Master degree in Financial Management from Central Queensland University of
Australia in 1995. He was admitted as, an associate of the Institute of Chartered Secretaries and
Administrators in March 1974, a fellow of the Association of Certified Accountants in November 1983, a
fellow of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants in March 1986, a fellow of the Australian
Society of Certified Practising Accountants in June 1990, and an associate of the Hong Kong Institute of
Company Secretaries in August 1994.

Mr. Chan has been appointed as, from March 2006 to June 2020, an independent non-executive director
of Guangdong Tannery Limited (now known as Namyue Holdings Limited), the shares of which are listed
on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (Stock code: 1058), since December 2014, an independent
non-executive director of Medicskin Holdings Limited, the shares of which are listed on GEM of the Stock
Exchange (Stock code: 8307), since September 2018, an independent non-executive director of Chong
Fai Jewellery Group Holdings Company Limited, the shares of which are listed on GEM of the Stock
Exchange (Stock code: 8537), since September 2019, an independent non-executive director of Accel
Group Holdings Limited, the shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (Stock
code: 1283), since February 2020, an independent non-executive director of Ye Xing Group Holdings
Limited, the shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (Stock code: 1941),
from January 2015 to December 2016, an independent non-executive director of Man Sang International
Limited, the shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (Stock code: 938), since
June 2020, an independent non-executive director of Wasion Holdings Limited, the shares of which are
listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (Stock code: 3393), from October 2006 to December
2011, an independent non-executive director of Nobel Jewelry Holdings Limited (now known as Central
Development Holdings Limited), the shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange
(Stock code: 475).




                                                                    HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                        29
BIOGRAPHY OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)




Mr. Chu Kin Wang, Peleus
Mr. Chu Kin Wang, Peleus (朱健宏), aged 61, was appointed as our independent non-executive
Director on 1 December 2021 and is the chairman of the Remuneration Committee and a member of the
Audit Committee and Nomination Committee. Mr. Chu provides independent advice to our Board on
management and provides independent judgment on the issue of strategy, performance, resources and
standard of conduct of our Company, despite that he is not participating in the day-to-day management
of our business operation. Mr. Chu is appointed for a term at 3 years from 1 December 2024 and he is
subject to retirement by rotation and re-election in accordance with the Articles.

Mr. Chu has over 32 years of experience in corporate finance, auditing, accounting and taxation. He is an
independent non-executive director of China First Capital Group Limited (Stock code: 1269), Huayu
Expressway Group Limited (Stock code: 1823), Tianli Holdings Group Limited (Stock code: 117) and
Mingfa Group (International) Company Limited (Stock code: 846), all of which are listed on the Main Board
of the Stock Exchange. Mr. Chu is also an independent non-executive director of Madison Holdings
Group Limited (Stock code: 8057), which is listed on the GEM of the Stock Exchange.

Mr. Chu was an independent non-executive director of Telecom Service One Holdings Limited (Stock
code: 3997) from April 2013 to December 2017, Xinming China Holdings Limited (Stock code: 2699) from
April 2021 to August 2021, Peking University Resources (Holdings) Company Limited (Stock code: 618)
from October 2021 to October 2022, and a non-executive director of Perfect Group International Holdings
Limited (Stock code: 3326) from August 2015 to March 2017. He was also an independent non-executive
director of China Huishan Dairy Holdings Company Limited (Stock code: 6863) from June 2017 to
December 2017, PT International Development Corporation Limited (Stock code: 372) from March 2017
to September 2017, Flyke International Holdings Limited (Stock code: 1998) from February 2010 to
December 2020 and a deputy chairman and executive director of Chinese People Holdings Company
Limited (Stock code: 681) from December 2008 to October 2020 and an executive director of Momentum
Financial Holdings Limited (Stock code: 1152) from February 2025 to December 2025. All of the above
companies are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange. He was also an independent
non-executive director of SuperRobotics Holdings Limited (Stock code: 8176) from March 2012 to
November 2021, which is listed on the GEM of the Stock Exchange. He was also an independent
non-executive director of Silk Road Logistics Holdings Limited, a company delisted on the Main Board of
the Stock Exchange on 23 April 2024.

Mr. Chu obtained a master’s degree in Business Administration from The University of Hong Kong in
December 1998. Mr. Chu is a fellow of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and is
also an associate member of both The Chartered Governance Institute in the United Kingdom and The
Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute.




      HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
30    Annual Report 2025
                         BIOGRAPHY OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)




Mr. Ho Chi Wai
Mr. Ho Chi Wai (何志威), aged 51, was appointed as our independent non-executive Director on 23
June 2018 and is the chairman of the Nomination Committee and a member of the Audit Committee and
Remuneration Committee. Mr. Ho provides independent advice to our Board on management and
provides independent judgment on the issue of strategy, performance, resources and standard of
conduct of our Company, despite that he is not participating in the day-to-day management of our
business operation. Mr. Ho is appointed for a term of 3 years from 19 July 2024 and he is subject to
retirement by rotation and re-election in accordance with the Articles.

Mr. Ho has over 27 years of experience in audit assurance and business consulting. He is currently a
partner of SRF Partners & Co., Certified Public Accountants. Prior to starting his own practice in 2012,
Mr. Ho had been appointed, among others, from May 2010 to November 2011, the principal, from May
2005 to May 2010, the audit manager and from May 2000 to May 2005, the audit senior of an accounting
firm, from May 1999 to May 2000, the audit senior, and from June 1997 to April 1999, an audit staff of a
local accounting firm.

Mr. Ho obtained a Bachelor of Business Administration degree from Lingnan University (formerly known
as Lingnan College) in 1997 and a Master of Finance degree from Jinan University in 2012. He is currently
a practicing certified public accountant of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants, a
chartered tax adviser at the Taxation Institute of Hong Kong, a fellow member of the Taxation Institute of
Hong Kong, a fellow member of the Association of International Accountants, a fellow member of
Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and a member of the Hong Kong Independent
Non-Executive Association.

Mr. Ho has been appointed as, an independent non-executive director of Wai Chi Holdings Company
Limited, the shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (Stock code: 1305)
since March 2014. He was an independent non-executive director of Ming Kei Holdings Limited (now
known as Capital Finance Holdings Limited), the shares of which are listed on GEM of the Stock
Exchange (Stock code: 8239), from June 2012 to October 2013; and an independent non-executive
director of Affluent Foundation Holdings Limited (now known as Global Chinese Business Club), the
shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (Stock code: 1757) from May 2018
to January 2026.




                                                                   HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                  Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                       31
BIOGRAPHY OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)




SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Mr. Choi Ka Shing
Mr. Choi Ka Shing (蔡嘉成) is the chief financial officer of our Group. Mr. Choi joined our Group in
November 2016 and is responsible for the overall finance and accounting matters of our Group.

Mr. Choi has over 16 years of experience in auditing, accounting and financial management. Prior to
joining our Group, Mr. Choi had been appointed, among others, the financial controller of Architectural
Precast GRC (HK) Limited from June 2016 to October 2016, the audit supervisor in FTW & Partners CPA
Limited from March 2009 to May 2016.

Mr. Choi obtained a Bachelor of Accountancy in University of South Australia in 2008. Since December
2015, Mr. Choi was admitted to a full membership of CPA Australia.

COMPANY SECRETARY
Ms. Leung Shui Bing
Ms. Leung Shui Bing (梁瑞冰) was appointed as the company secretary of the Company on 1 December
2021. Ms. Leung is a manager of the Listing Services Department of TMF Hong Kong Limited (a global
corporate services provider), and has over 20 years of experience in the company secretarial field.
Ms. Leung holds a bachelor’s degree in Business and Management Studies (Accounting and Finance)
from the University of Bradford in the United Kingdom and a master’s degree in Corporate Governance
from The Open University of Hong Kong (now known as Hong Kong Metropolitan University) and an
associate member of The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute and The Chartered Governance
Institute in the United Kingdom.




     HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
32   Annual Report 2025
                                                                          DIRECTORS’ REPORT


The Directors are pleased to present their report together with the audited consolidated financial
statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The Company is an investment holding company. The principal activities of its subsidiaries are set out in
Note 36 to the consolidated financial statements. The principal activities of the Group is the
manufacturing and sale of candle products with headquarters in Hong Kong and operation in Vietnam.

BUSINESS REVIEW
The business review of the Group during the reporting period are set out in the section headed
“Chairman’s Statement and Management Discussion and Analysis” on pages 4 to 12 of this annual
report. Principal risks and uncertainties that the Group may be facing are set out on page 10 of this
annual report and the Corporate Governance Report is set out on pages 13 to 27 of this annual report.
The discussion form part of this report.

RESULTS AND APPROPRIATIONS
The Group’s profit for the year ended 31 December 2025 and the financial position of the Group at that
date are set out in the consolidated financial statements on pages 50 to 52.

SEGMENT INFORMATION
An analysis of the Group’s revenue and contribution to profit or loss for the year by its principal activities
is set out in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                      HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                     Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                           33
DIRECTORS’ REPORT (CONTINUED)




DIVIDEND POLICY
The Group adopted a dividend policy on 28 December 2018. A summary of this policy is disclosed below.

The Board considers sustainable returns to the Shareholders whilst retaining adequate reserves for the
Group’s future development to be an objective. Under the policy on payment of dividends adopted by the
Company, dividends may be recommended, declared and paid to the Shareholders from time to time. In
summary, the declaration of dividends and the dividend amount shall be determined at the sole and
absolute discretion of the Board taking into account the following factors:

•     the Group’s current and future operations and earnings;

•     the Group’s liquidity position and future commitments at the time of declaration of dividend;

•     any contractual restrictions on payment of dividends by the Company to the Shareholders or by the
      Company’s subsidiaries to the Company;

•     the retained earnings and distributable reserves of the Company and each of the members of the
      Group;

•     the Group’s working capital requirements, capital expenditure requirements and future expansion
      plans;

•     the general market conditions; and

•     any other factors that the Board deems appropriate.

The Board does not recommend the payment of any final dividend for the year as set out in Note 14 to
the consolidated financial statements.

FINANCIAL SUMMARY
A summary of the results, assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is set out on
page 128 of this annual report.

SHARE CAPITAL
Details of movements in the share capital of the Company during the year are set out in Note 29 to the
consolidated financial statements.




      HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
34    Annual Report 2025
                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT (CONTINUED)




RESERVES
Details of the movements in the reserves of the Group during the year are set out in the consolidated
statement of changes in equity on page 53 of this annual report.

DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
At 31 December 2025, the aggregate amount of reserves available for distribution to equity shareholders
of the Company, as calculated under the Companies Act of the Cayman Islands, was approximately
HK$25.6 million.

USE OF PROCEEDS
The net proceeds from the issue of new shares of the Company, after deduction of the professional fees,
underwriting commissions and other fees payable by the Company in connection with the Listing, were
estimated to be approximately HK$44.5 million. As at 31 December 2025, the Group had utilised the net
proceeds from the Listing of HK$44.5 million and no net proceeds were remaining. Details are set out in
the section headed “Use of Proceeds” on pages 11 to 12 of this annual report.

PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Details of movements in plant and equipment of the Group during the year are set out in Note 15 to the
consolidated financial statements.

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
As at 31 December 2025, there is no treasury shares held by the Company.

Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s
listed securities (including sale of treasury shares) during the Relevant Period and up to the date of this
report.

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s Articles or the laws of the Cayman
Islands which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro rata basis to the existing
Shareholders.

DEBENTURES
The Company did not issue any debentures during the year ended 31 December 2025.


DONATIONS
Donations made by the Group during the year amounted to HK$50,000 (2024: HK$80,200).




                                                                    HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                        35
DIRECTORS’ REPORT (CONTINUED)




MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
The five largest customers of the Group accounted for approximately 78.7% of the turnover of the Group
for the year ended 31 December 2025 (2024: approximately 85.3%).

The five largest suppliers of the Group accounted for approximately 46.1% of the total purchases of the
Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 (2024: approximately 55.4%).

During the year ended 31 December 2025, the aggregate sales attributable to the Group’s largest
customer and the aggregate purchases attributable to the Group’s largest supplier were approximately
45.4% (2024: approximately 49.3%) and approximately 14.4% (2024: approximately 13.7%) of the
Group’s sales and purchases respectively.

None of the Directors, their close associates or any Shareholders (which to the knowledge of the
Directors, owns more than 5% of the number of issued shares) had a beneficial interest in the five largest
suppliers or customers of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Details of the Company’s corporate governance practices are set out in the Corporate Governance
Report on pages 13 to 27 of this annual report.

ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE
The Group is committed to enhancing environmental protection to minimise the impact of its activities on
the environment. It is the policy of the Group to promote clean operation and strives to making the most
efficient use of resources in its operations, and minimising wastes and emission.

A separate ESG report is expected to be published on the Stock Exchange’s website and the Company’s
website at the same time as the publication of this annual report.

COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS
During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group’s operations are mainly carried out by the
subsidiaries of the Company in Hong Kong and Vietnam. The Group has complied in material respects
with the relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the business and operation of the
Group. There was no material breach of or non-compliance with the applicable laws and regulations by
the Group.

RELATIONSHIPS WITH EMPLOYEES AND CUSTOMERS
The Group recognises employees as one of the valuable assets of the Group and the Group strictly
complies with the labour laws and regulations in applicable jurisdictions and regularly reviews the existing
employee benefits for improvement. Apart from the reasonable remuneration packages, the Group also
offers good welfare benefits and continuous professional training. The Group provides good quality
services to the customers and maintains a good relationship with them. Without a good relationship with
customers, the success of the Group’s operation would be at risk.




      HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
36    Annual Report 2025
                                                                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT (CONTINUED)




DIRECTORS
The Directors during the year ended 31 December 2025 and up to the date of this annual report are as
follow:

EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. Wong Wai Chit (Chairman)
Mr. Wong Man Chit (Chief Executive Officer)
Ms. Wong Wan Yan

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. Chan Cheong Tat
Mr. Ho Chi Wai
Mr. Chu Kin Wang, Peleus

Pursuant to the Articles, at each AGM one-third of the Directors for the time being (or, if their number is
not three or a multiple of three, then the number nearest to but not less than one-third) shall retire from
office by rotation provided that every Director shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every
three years. Such retiring Directors shall be eligible for re-election at the AGM. Accordingly, Mr. Wong
Man Chit and Mr. Ho Chi Wai will retire and being eligible, offer themselves for re-election at the
forthcoming AGM.

The Company has received an annual confirmation from each independent non-executive Director of their
independence pursuant to the requirements of the GEM Listing Rules. The Company considers all
independent non-executive Directors to be independent in light of the independence guidelines set out in
the GEM Listing Rules.

The biographic details of Directors are set out on pages 28 to 31 of this annual report.

UPDATE INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS
The change in information of Director is set out below pursuant to Rule 17.50A of the GEM Listing Rules:

Mr. Chu Kin Wang, Peleus has resigned as an executive director of Momentum Financial Holdings Limited
(stock code: 1152), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, with effect from 1
December 2025.

Mr. Ho Chi Wai has resigned as an independent non-executive director of Affluent Foundation Holdings
Limited (now known as Global Chinese Business Club) (stock code: 1757), a company listed on the Main
Board of the Stock Exchange, with effect from 15 January 2026.

Save as mentioned above, there is no change of information of each Director that is required to be
disclosed under Rule 17.50A of the GEM Listing Rules since the publication of the interim report of the
Company for the six months ended 30 June 2025.




                                                                      HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                     Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                           37
DIRECTORS’ REPORT (CONTINUED)




DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
Mr. Wong Wai Chit and Mr. Wong Man Chit have entered into a service agreement of executive Director
with the Company for a term of three years commencing from 19 July 2024, while Ms. Wong Wan Yan
entered into a service agreement of executive Director with the Company for an initial term of three years
commencing from 1 November 2024, all of which shall continue thereafter unless and until terminated by
not less than three months’ notice in writing served by either party on the other. Mr. Chan Cheong Tat,
Mr. Ho Chi Wai and Mr. Chu Kin Wang, Peleus as the independent non-executive Directors entered into a
letter of appointment with the Company for a term of three years commencing from 19 July 2024, 19 July
2024 and 1 December 2024 respectively, all of which shall continue thereafter unless and until terminated
by not less than three months’ notice in writing served by either party on the other.

Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors, including those to be re-elected at the forthcoming AGM
has a service contract with the Company which is not determinable within one year without payment of
compensation, other than statutory compensation.

EMOLUMENT POLICY
The Remuneration Committee is responsible for reviewing emolument policy and structure for all
remuneration of the Directors and senior management of the Group, having regard to the Group’s
operating results, individual performance and corporate market practices.

REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND FIVE INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST
EMOLUMENTS
Details of the emoluments of the Directors and five individuals with highest emoluments are set out in
Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements.

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN SIGNIFICANT TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS
AND CONTRACTS
Save as disclosed in the Prospectus and elsewhere in the annual report, there were no transactions,
arrangements or contracts of significance to which the Company, its holding company, fellow subsidiaries
or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director had a material interest, whether directly or
indirectly, subsisted at any time during the year.

CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS
Save as disclosed in this annual report, there were no contracts of significance between the Company or
any of its subsidiaries and any controlling shareholder of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any
contracts of significance for the provision of services to the Company or any of its subsidiaries by a
controlling shareholder of the Company or any of its subsidiaries.

MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contract concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the
business of the Company was entered into or existed during the year.




      HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
38    Annual Report 2025
                                                                 DIRECTORS’ REPORT (CONTINUED)




ARRANGEMENTS TO PURCHASE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
At no time during the year was the Company, its holding company, fellow subsidiaries or any of its
subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means of
acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate.

EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
Other than the Share Option Scheme, no equity-linked agreements were entered into by the Company
during the year ended 31 December 2025 or subsisted at the end of the year.

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
There is no connected transactions or continuing connected transactions entered into by the Group
during the year ended 31 December 2025. Details of material related party transactions are set out in
Note 35 to the consolidated financial statements to this annual report. To the best knowledge of the
Directors, none of related party transactions constitutes connected transactions that need to be disclosed
under GEM Listing Rules.

The Company confirms that it has complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter
20 of the GEM Listing Rules and the Company has complied with the disclosure requirements in the GEM
Listing Rules.

PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISIONS
The Company’s Articles provide that every Directors shall be entitled to be indemnified out of the assets
of the Company against all losses or liabilities which he/she may sustain or incur or about the execution
of the duties of his/her office or otherwise in relation thereto.

The Company has maintained appropriate Directors’ and officers’ liability insurance and such permitted
indemnity provision for the benefit of the Directors currently in force.

TAX RELIEF OR EXEMPTION OF HOLDERS OF LISTED SECURITIES
The Company is not aware of any tax relief or exemption available to the Shareholders by reason of their
holding of the Company’s securities.

NON-COMPETITION UNDERTAKING
The controlling shareholders of the Company gave a non-competition undertaking in favour of the
Company and confirm that they and their associates have not breached the terms of the undertaking
contained in the deed of non-competition during the year ended 31 December 2025. Details of the
non-competition undertaking are set out in section headed “Deed of Non-competition” in the Prospectus.
All independent non-executive Directors have reviewed on an annual basis the compliance with the
respective non-competition undertakings by the controlling shareholders of the Company. In view of this
conclusion, the controlling shareholders of the Company have complied with all the undertakings under
the deed of non-competition in favour of the Company during the year ended 31 December 2025.




                                                                   HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                  Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                       39
DIRECTORS’ REPORT (CONTINUED)




DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTEREST IN SHARES, UNDERLYING
SHARES AND DEBENTURES
As at 31 December 2025, the interests and short positions in the shares, underlying shares and
debentures of the Company or any associated corporation (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO held
by the Directors and chief executives of the Company (the “Chief Executives”) which have been notified
to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including
interests and short positions which were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO) or
have been entered in the register maintained by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or as
otherwise have been notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Rules 5.46 to 5.67 of
the GEM Listing Rules are as follows:

Long position in ordinary Shares
                                                                                                Approximate
                                                                                                % of the total
                                                                                                   number of
                                                                                Number of              Shares
Name of Directors                   Nature of interests                        Shares held            in issue

Mr. Wong Wai Chit (Notes 1 & 2)     Interest in controlled corporation         643,500,000               70.1%
Mr. Wong Man Chit (Notes 1 & 3)     Interest in controlled corporation         643,500,000               70.1%

Notes:

1.       These 643,500,000 Shares are held by AVW International Limited (“AVW”) is beneficially owned as to 50% by
         Mr. Wong Wai Chit and 50% by Mr. Wong Man Chit. Each of Mr. Wong Wai Chit and Mr. Wong Man Chit is
         deemed to be interested in the same number of Shares in which AVW is interested under the SFO.

2.       Ms. Iong Man Lai is the spouse of Mr. Wong Wai Chit. Ms. Iong Man Lai is deemed to be interested in the
         same number of Shares in which Mr. Wong Wai Chit is interested by virtue of the SFO.

3.       Ms. Tse Sheung is the spouse of Mr. Wong Man Chit. Ms. Tse Sheung is deemed to be interested in the same
         number of Shares in which Mr. Wong Man Chit is interested by virtue of the SFO.




         HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
40       Annual Report 2025
                                                                       DIRECTORS’ REPORT (CONTINUED)




Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, none of the Directors or Chief Executives had any
interests or short positions in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its
associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which would have to be notified to the
Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including
interests and short positions which he was taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO) or
which was required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein,
or pursuant to Rules 5.46 to 5.67 of the GEM Listing Rules to be notified to the Company and the Stock
Exchange.

SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTEREST IN THE SHARES AND UNDERLYING
SHARES
So far as the Directors and the Chief Executives are aware, as at 31 December 2025, other than the
Directors and the Chief Executives, the following persons will have or be deemed or taken to have an
interest and/or short position in the shares or the underlying shares of the Company which would fall to
be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which
would be recorded in the register of the Company required to be kept under section 336 of the SFO, or
who will be, directly or indirectly, to be interested in 5% or more of the nominal value of any class of share
capital carrying rights to vote in all circumstances at general meetings of the Company or any other
members of the Group:

Long position in ordinary Shares
                                                                                                Approximate
                                                                                                % of the total
                                                                                                   number of
                                                                               Number of               Shares
Name of shareholders                Nature of interests                       Shares held             in issue

AVW (Note 1)                        Beneficial owner                          643,500,000               70.1%

Ms. Iong Man Lai (Notes 1 & 2)      Interest of spouse                        643,500,000               70.1%

Ms. Tse Sheung (Notes 1 & 3)        Interest of spouse                        643,500,000               70.1%

Notes:

1.       AVW is beneficially owned as to 50% by Mr. Wong Wai Chit and 50% by Mr. Wong Man Chit, executive
         directors of the Company. Each of Mr. Wong Wai Chit and Mr. Wong Man Chit is deemed to be interested in
         the same number of Shares in which AVW is interested under the SFO.

2.       Ms. Iong Man Lai is the spouse of Mr. Wong Wai Chit. Ms. Iong Man Lai is deemed to be interested in the
         same number of Shares in which Mr. Wong Wai Chit is interested by virtue of the SFO.

3.       Ms. Tse Sheung is the spouse of Mr. Wong Man Chit. Ms. Tse Sheung is deemed to be interested in the same
         number of Shares in which Mr. Wong Man Chit is interested by virtue of the SFO.




                                                                        HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                       Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                              41
DIRECTORS’ REPORT (CONTINUED)




Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, according to the register of interests required to be
kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO, there was no person or corporation (other than the
Directors and the Chief Executives) who had any interest or short position in the shares or underlying
shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions
2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO.

COMPLIANCE ADVISER’S INTERESTS
As at the date of this report, save and except for (i) the participation of TC Capital International Limited
(“TC Capital”) as the sponsor in relation to the Listing; and (ii) the compliance adviser’s agreement
entered into between the Company and TC Capital dated 25 September 2017, neither TC Capital nor its
directors, employees or close associates had any interests in relation to the Company which is required
to be notified to the Group pursuant to Rule 6A.32 of the GEM Listing Rules.

SHARE OPTION SCHEME
The Company adopted the Share Option Scheme on 7 June 2024 (the “Adoption Date”) for the purpose
of providing employee participants, related entity participants and service providers (excluding the
independent non-executive Directors) (the “Eligible Participants”) with the opportunity to acquire
proprietary interests in the Company and to encourage Eligible Participants to work towards enhancing
the value of the Company and the Shares for the benefit of the Company and the Shareholders as a
whole, as well as to motivate Eligible Participants to contribute to the success of the Group’s operations.
The Share Option Scheme provides the Company with a flexible means of retaining, incentivising,
rewarding, remunerating, compensating and/or providing benefits to Eligible Participants.

Under the Share Option Scheme, the Board may make an offer to the Eligible Participants. The total
number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options and awards which may be granted
under the Share Option Scheme and any other share scheme(s) of the Company must not in aggregate
exceed 10% of the total number of Shares in issue (excluding treasury shares) as at the date of approval
by the Shareholders on 7 June 2024 (the “Scheme Mandate Limit”). Subject to the above, within the
Scheme Mandate Limit, the total number of Shares which may be allotted and issued upon exercise of all
options and awards to be granted under the Share Option Scheme and any other share schemes to the
service providers must not in aggregate exceed 10% of the Scheme Mandate Limit (the “Service
Provider Sublimit”). The Company may refresh the Scheme Mandate Limit (and the Service Provider
Sublimit) at any time by obtaining approval of the Shareholders in general meeting after three (3) years
from the Adoption Date or the date of the Shareholders’ approval for the last refreshment.

Unless approved by the Shareholders at the general meeting, the total number of Shares issued and to
be issued upon exercise of the options and awards granted and to be granted pursuant to the Share
Option Scheme and any other share schemes of the Group to each Eligible Participant (including both
exercised and outstanding options) in any 12-month period up to and including the date of grant of the
options and awards must not exceed 1% of the Shares in issue (excluding treasury shares).




      HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
42    Annual Report 2025
                                                                   DIRECTORS’ REPORT (CONTINUED)




The maximum number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options and awards to be
granted under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company must not
exceed 91,850,000, representing 10% of the total number of Shares in issue (excluding treasury shares)
on the Adoption Date and the date of this annual report unless the Company seeks the approval of the
Shareholders in general meeting for refreshing the 10% limit under the Share Option Scheme provided
that options and awards lapsed in accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme or any other
share schemes of the Group will not be counted for the purpose of calculating 10% limit. As at the
Adoption Date, 31 December 2024 and the date of this annual report, (i) the maximum number of Shares
which may be issued upon exercise of all options and awards to be granted under the Scheme Mandate
Limit must not exceed 91,850,000, representing 10% of the total number of Shares in issue (excluding
treasury shares) on the Adoption Date; and (ii) to be granted under the Service Provider Sublimit must not
exceed 9,185,000, representing 10% of the Scheme Mandate Limit on the Adoption Date.

Details of the principle terms of the Share Option Scheme are set out in the Appendix II of the circular of
the Company dated 29 April 2024. The principle terms of the Share Option Scheme are summarized as
below.

The Share Option Scheme remain in force for a period of ten (10) years commencing from 7 June 2024
and remains in force until 6 June 2034. As at the date of this annual report, the remaining life of the Share
Option Scheme is approximately 8 years and 3 months. The Company may, by ordinary resolution in
general meeting or, such date as the Board determined, terminate the Share Option Scheme at any time
without prejudice to the exercise of options and awards granted prior to such termination.

The exercise price per Share in respect of any option granted shall be determined by the Board in its
absolute discretion but in any event shall be at least the higher of:

1.    the closing price of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the
      date of grant;

2.    the average closing price of the Share as stated in the daily quotations sheets issued by the Stock
      Exchange for the five (5) business days immediately preceding the date of grant; and

3.    the nominal value of a Share on the date of grant.

Upon acceptance of the options, the Eligible Participant shall pay HK$1.00 to the Company as
consideration for the grant. The acceptance of an offer of the grant of the option must be made within the
date as specified in the offer letter (which shall not be later than 21 days from, and inclusive of, the date
of offer) issued by the Company. The exercise period of any option granted under the Share Option
Scheme shall not be longer than 10 years commencing on the date of grant and expiring on the last day
of such 10-year period subject to the provisions for early termination as contained in the Share Option
Scheme. The vesting period of options granted under the Share Option Scheme shall not be less than 12
months and the options granted to employee participants may be subject to a shorter vesting period
under any one of the circumstances under the rules of the Share Option Scheme and as deemed
appropriate at the sole discretion of the Board or the remuneration committee of the Company. No option
and award were granted, exercised, cancelled or lapsed under the Share Option Scheme since the
Adoption Date, and up to 31 December 2025 and thereafter up to the date of this annual report.
Accordingly, the number of options and awards available for grant under the Scheme Mandate Limit of
the Share Option Scheme as at 1 January 2025 and 31 December 2025 were 91,850,000 and
91,850,000 respectively. The number of options and awards available for grant under the Service Provider
Sublimit of the Share Option Scheme as at 1 January 2025 and 31 December 2025 were 9,185,000 and
9,185,000 respectively. The number of Shares that may be issued in respect of options and awards
granted under all schemes of the Company during the Relevant Period divided by the weighted average
number of shares of the relevant class in issue (excluding treasury shares) for the Relevant Period was nil.

                                                                     HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                    Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                          43
DIRECTORS’ REPORT (CONTINUED)




COMPETING INTERESTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025, none of the Directors, the substantial Shareholders or controlling
shareholders of the Company and their respective associates (as defined in the GEM Listing Rules) has
any interest in a business which competes or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the
business of the Group.

SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on the information that is publicly available and within the knowledge of the Directors, the
Company has maintained the sufficient public float as required under the GEM Listing Rules as at the
date of this annual report.

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
The AGM will be held on Friday, 5 June 2026. A notice convening the meeting will be issued and sent to
the Shareholders in due course.

EVENT AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
There are no significant events affecting the Group after the reporting period and up to date of this annual
report.

AUDITOR
The consolidated financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 have been
audited by BDO Limited. A resolution will be proposed at the forthcoming AGM of the Company to
re-appoint BDO Limited as the auditor of the Company. There was no change in the auditor of the
Company in the preceding three years.

CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
For the purpose of determining the Shareholders’ entitlement to attend and vote at the AGM, the register
of members of the Company will be closed from Friday, 29 May 2026 to Friday, 5 June 2026 (both dates
inclusive) during which period no transfer of Shares will be registered. In order to qualify for attending and
voting at the AGM, all transfers accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged for
registration with the Company’s Hong Kong branch share registrar and transfer office, Union Registrars
Limited, at Suites 3301-04, 33/F., Two Chinachem Exchange Square, 338 King’s Road, North Point,
Hong Kong not later than 4:00 p.m. on Thursday, 28 May 2026. The record date for determining the
Shareholders’ entitlement to attend and vote at the AGM is Friday, 5 June 2026.

                                                                           By order of the Board
                                                                     Hyfusin Group Holdings Limited
                                                                              Wong Wai Chit
                                                                      Executive Director and Chairman

Hong Kong, 25 March 2026




      HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
44    Annual Report 2025
                                                   INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

Opinion
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Hyfusin Group Holdings Limited (the
“Company”) and its subsidiaries (together the “Group”) set out on pages 50 to 123, which comprise the
consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2025, and the consolidated statement of
profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the
consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial
statements, including material accounting policy information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
position of the Group as at 31 December 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its
consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as
issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly
prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the
HKICPA. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the “Auditor’s Responsibilities
for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements” section of our report. We are independent of the
Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s “Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants” (the “Code”), as
applicable to audits of financial statements of public interest entities. We have also fulfilled our other
ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained
is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




                                                                     HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                    Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                          45
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)




Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our
audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the
context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion
thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

Impairment assessment of trade receivables
As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s gross trade receivables and loss allowances amounted to
approximately HK$129,983,000 and HK$17,734,000 respectively.

In determining the expected credit losses (“ECL”) for trade receivables, management considers the credit
rating of the debtors on an individual basis, taking into consideration of forward-looking information that
is reasonable and supportable without undue costs or effort.

We identified the impairment of trade receivables as a key audit matter because of the significant
judgement involved in developing and implementing the ECL model and high level of estimation
uncertainty and the significance of the carrying amounts of trade receivables to the Group’s consolidated
financial statements.

Refer to Notes 20 and 32(b) to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies in Note
4(l)(ii) to the consolidated financial statements.

Our response:

•     Evaluated the ECL model applied by the management and verified whether it is consistent with the
      requirements of HKFRS 9;

•     Checked data inputs to supporting documents in determining the ECL;

•     Challenged key assumptions and judgements, such as evaluating whether the probability of default,
      loss given default and external credit rating are reasonable and appropriately adjusted based on
      current economic conditions and forward-looking information; and

•     Read and assessed the disclosures made in the consolidated financial statements.




      HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
46    Annual Report 2025
                                                  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)




Other Information in the Annual Report
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the Company’s annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and
our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the
other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with
the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be
materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material
misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in
this regard.

Directors’ Responsibilities for the Consolidated Financial Statements
The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true
and fair view in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the HKICPA and the
disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the
directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and
using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to
cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors are also responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process. The Audit
Committee assists the directors in discharging their responsibility in this regard.

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s
report that includes our opinion. This report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with the
terms of our engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept
liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can
arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could
reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
consolidated financial statements.




                                                                    HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                        47
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)




As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain
professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•    identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
     whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and
     obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk
     of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from
     error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the
     override of internal control.

•    obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
     that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
     effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

•    evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
     estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.

•    conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
     and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events
     or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.
     If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s
     report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are
     inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to
     the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to
     cease to continue as a going concern.

•    evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
     including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the
     underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•    plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the
     financial information of the entities or business units within the group as a basis for forming an
     opinion on the group financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and
     review of the work performed for the purposes of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for
     our audit opinion.




     HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
48   Annual Report 2025
                                                   INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (CONTINUED)




We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control
that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters
that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to
eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore
the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation
precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that
a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so
would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.




BDO Limited
Certified Public Accountants
Tang Tak Wah
Practising Certificate no. P06262

Hong Kong, 25 March 2026




                                                                      HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                     Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                           49
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the year ended 31 December 2025

                                                                            2025        2024
                                                                 Notes   HK$’000     HK$’000


Revenue                                                           6       898,108     909,449
Cost of sales                                                            (614,171)   (557,548)

Gross profit                                                              283,937    351,901

Other income                                                      7        19,169       17,704
Other gains and losses, net                                       8       (12,761)      32,333
Selling and distribution expenses                                         (41,942)     (42,354)
Administrative expenses                                                  (112,901)   (144,993)
Finance costs                                                     9       (10,990)     (11,769)

Profit before income tax expense                                  11      124,512    202,822
Income tax expense                                                10      (23,047)   (31,388)

Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company                 101,465    171,434


Other comprehensive income/(expense) for the year
Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
   Fair value gain/(loss) on debt instruments measured at fair
     value through other comprehensive income                                  21          (32)

                                                                               21          (32)

Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to
  owners of the Company                                                   101,486    171,402


                                                                         HK cents    HK cents
Earnings per share
  – Basic and diluted                                             13        11.05       17.58




      HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
50    Annual Report 2025
                   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

                                                                               As at 31 December 2025

                                                                                2025             2024
                                                                Notes        HK$’000          HK$’000


Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                    15           172,375          142,093
Right-of-use assets                                              16            48,034           49,457
Deposits for the acquisition of property, plant and equipment                  11,851            4,492
Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive
  income                                                         17               910              889
Financial asset at fair value through profit or loss             18             3,294            3,251
Deferred tax assets                                              28             1,475            1,569
Pledged bank deposits                                            21            18,359           18,297

Total non-current assets                                                      256,298          220,048

Current assets
Inventories                                                      19            79,689          105,476
Trade and other receivables                                      20           119,517          145,038
Restricted bank deposits                                         21                 –            1,711
Bank balances and cash                                           21           405,645          324,514

Total current assets                                                          604,851          576,739

Total assets                                                                  861,149          796,787

Current liabilities
Trade and other payables                                         22            94,269          116,636
Contract liabilities                                             23               236            5,637
Provision                                                        24                 –            3,880
Bank borrowings                                                  25             5,083            5,073
Lease liabilities                                                26             2,978            1,643
Tax payable                                                                     5,760            7,013

Total current liabilities                                                     108,326          139,882

Net current assets                                                            496,525          436,857

Total assets less current liabilities                                         752,823          656,905




                                                                  HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                 Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                      51
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (CONTINUED)


As at 31 December 2025

                                                                              2025             2024
                                                              Notes        HK$’000          HK$’000


Non-current liabilities
Bank borrowings                                                25              3,265           7,657
Lease liabilities                                              26                908           2,053
Other non-current liabilities                                  27                192             223

Total non-current liabilities                                                  4,365           9,933

Total liabilities                                                           112,691         149,815

NET ASSETS                                                                  748,458         646,972


Equity
Equity attributable to owners of the Company
Share capital                                                  29             9,185           9,185
Reserves                                                                    739,273         637,787

TOTAL EQUITY                                                                748,458         646,972

The consolidated financial statements on pages 50 to 123 were approved and authorised for issue by the
Board of Directors on 25 March 2026 and are signed on its behalf by:




                    WONG WAI CHIT                                   WONG MAN CHIT
                       Director                                        Director




      HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
52    Annual Report 2025
                                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2025

                                                                             Fair value
                                                                         through other
                                                                        comprehensive
                                                                                income             Other
                                                  Share        Share        (“FVTOCI”)          reserves     Retained
                                                 capital    premium            reserve             (Note)    earnings       Total
                                                HK$’000      HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000


As at 1 January 2024                             11,000       54,954               (201)          20,605      419,212     505,570

Profit for the year                                    –           –                  –                –      171,434     171,434
Other comprehensive expense:
  Fair value loss on debt instruments through
     other comprehensive income                        –           –                (32)               –            –             (32)

Total comprehensive income for the year                –           –                (32)               –      171,434     171,402

Shares repurchased and cancelled (Note 29)        (1,815)    (28,185)                 –                –            –         (30,000)

As at 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025         9,185       26,769               (233)          20,605      590,646     646,972

Profit for the year                                    –           –                  –                –      101,465     101,465
Other comprehensive income:
  Fair value gain on debt instruments through
     other comprehensive income                        –           –                21                 –            –              21

Total comprehensive income for the year                –           –                21                 –      101,465     101,486

As at 31 December 2025                            9,185       26,769              (212)           20,605      692,111     748,458

Note: Other reserves represent (i) the deemed gain arising from the capital contribution from non-controlling interests
      of a subsidiary of HK$6,478,000 and (ii) the combined share capital of Fleming International Limited and its
      subsidiaries and Britain Link Limited attributable to Controlling Shareholders (as defined in Note 1) of the
      Company and adjusting the non-controlling interests at the time of the Group Reorganisation (as detailed in
      “History, development and Reorganisation” section to the Company’s prospectus dated 29 June 2018).




                                                                                          HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                                   53
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

For the year ended 31 December 2025

                                                                          2025       2024
                                                               Notes   HK$’000    HK$’000


Cash flows from operating activities
Profit before income tax expense                                       124,512    202,822
Adjustments for:
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                 11      20,001     13,113
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                           11       4,921      4,330
  Interest income on debt instruments at FVTOCI                 7          (58)       (58)
  Fair value change of financial asset at fair value through
     profit or loss                                              8         (43)         (86)
  Provision/(reversal) of allowance for inventories             11         392      (2,605)
  Impairment loss on trade receivables, net of reversal          8      15,337           64
  Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment             11        (425)     (1,972)
  Loss on written off of property, plant and equipment          11         195            –
  Gain on reversal of provision                                              –    (29,714)
  Write-off of trade receivables                                             –         165
  Recovery of bad debts                                          8        (160)       (212)
  Interest income from banks                                    7d      (9,166)     (9,350)
  Finance costs                                                 9d      10,990     11,769

Operating cash flows before movements in working
  capital                                                              166,496    188,266
Decrease/(increase) in inventories                                      25,395       (368)
Decrease/(increase) in trade and other receivables                      10,344    (70,916)
(Decrease)/increase in contract liabilities                             (5,401)     5,635
Increase in trade and other payables                                    33,367     39,313
Decrease in provision                                                   (3,880)   (19,400)
(Decrease)/increase in other non-current liabilities                       (31)        30

Cash generated from operations                                         226,290    142,560
Income tax paid                                                        (24,206)   (41,436)

Net cash generated from operating activities                           202,084    101,124

Cash flows from investing activities
Bank interest income                                                     9,166       9,350
Interest income on debt instruments at FVTOCI                               58          58
Deposits for acquisition of property, plant and equipment              (11,851)     (4,492)
Purchases of property, plant and equipment                             (49,417)   (60,483)
Sales proceeds from disposal of property, plant and
   equipment                                                             3,856      4,882
(Placement)/release of pledged bank deposits                               (62)     1,049
Release/(placement) of restricted bank deposits                          1,711     (1,711)

Net cash used in investing activities                                  (46,539)   (51,347)



      HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
54    Annual Report 2025
                                  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED)


                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2025

                                                                       2025             2024
                                                       Notes        HK$’000          HK$’000


Cash flows from financing activities
New bank borrowings raised                              37             1,862              5,522
Repayment of bank borrowings                            37           (61,978)          (22,761)
Interest paid                                           37           (10,990)          (11,769)
Repayment of lease liabilities                          37            (3,308)            (3,027)
Payments on repurchase of shares                        29                 –           (30,000)

Net cash used in financing activities                                (74,414)          (62,035)

Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                  81,131           (12,258)

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                       324,514          336,772

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                             405,645          324,514


Analysis of balances of cash and cash equivalents
Bank balances and cash                                               405,645          324,514




                                                         HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                        Annual Report 2025
                                                                                              55
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2025

1.   GENERAL INFORMATION
     Hyfusin Group Holdings Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an
     exempted company and registered in the Cayman Islands with limited liability under the Companies
     Act of the Cayman Islands on 5 July 2017. The shares of the Company have been listed on GEM of
     The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) on 19 July 2018. Its registered
     office is located at Windward 3, Regatta Office Park, PO Box 1350, Grand Cayman KY1-1108,
     Cayman Islands and principal place of business is located at Unit Nos. 4-8, 2/F, Aberdeen Marina
     Tower, 8 Shum Wan Road, Aberdeen, Hong Kong.

     The Company is an investment holding company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) are principally
     engaged in manufacturing and sale of candle products. Its parent and ultimate holding company is
     AVW International Limited (“AVW”), a private company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands (the
     “BVI”). Its ultimate controlling shareholders are Mr. Wong Man Chit (“Mr. Andrew Wong”) and
     Mr. Wong Wai Chit (“Mr. Vincent Wong”), who are brothers and act in concert over AVW and the
     companies now comprising the Group (the “Controlling Shareholders”).

2.   ADOPTION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HKFRS ACCOUNTING
     STANDARDS
     (a)   Amendments to an HKFRS Accounting Standard that are mandatorily effective for
           the current year
           In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to an HKFRS
           Accounting Standard as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants
           (“HKICPA”) for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the Group’s annual period
           beginning on 1 January 2025 for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:

           Amendments to HKAS 21                      Lack of Exchangeability

           The application of the amendments to an HKFRS Accounting Standard in the current year
           has had no material impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the
           current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial
           statements.




     HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
56   Annual Report 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2025
2.   ADOPTION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HKFRS ACCOUNTING
     STANDARDS (Continued)
     (b)   New and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards in issued but not yet
           effective
           The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to HKFRS Accounting
           Standards that have been issued but are not yet effective:

           Amendments to HKFRS 9            Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of
            and HKFRS 7                      Financial Instruments2
           Amendments to HKFRS 9            Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity2
            and HKFRS 7
           Amendments to HKFRS 10           Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
            and HKAS 28                       Associate or Joint Venture1
           Amendments to HKFRS              Annual Improvements to HKFRS Accounting Standards –
            Accounting Standards              Volume 112
           HKFRS 18                         Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements3
           Amendments to HKAS 21            Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation Currency3
           1
                 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.
           2
                 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026.
           3
                 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027.

           Except for the new and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards mentioned below, the
           directors of the Company (the “Directors”) anticipate that the adoption of all other new and
           amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards will have no material impact on the Group’s
           consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.




                                                                       HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                      Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                           57
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


For the year ended 31 December 2025
2.   ADOPTION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HKFRS ACCOUNTING
     STANDARDS (Continued)
     (b)   New and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards in issued but not yet
           effective (Continued)
           HKFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements
           HKFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements, which sets out requirements
           on presentation and disclosures in financial statements, will replace HKAS 1 Presentation of
           Financial Statements. This new HKFRS, while carrying forward many of the requirements in
           HKAS 1, introduces new requirements to present specified categories and defined subtotals
           in the statement of profit or loss; provide disclosures on management-defined performance
           measures in the notes to the financial statements and improve aggregation and
           disaggregation of information to be disclosed in the financial statements. In addition, some
           HKAS 1 paragraphs have been moved to HKAS 8 and HKFRS 7. Minor amendments to
           HKAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows and HKAS 33 Earnings per Share are also made.

           The application of the new standard is expected to affect the presentation of the statement
           of profit or loss and disclosures in the future financial statements, even though it will not
           impact the recognition or measurement of items in the financial statement. The Group is in
           the process of assessing the detailed impact of HKFRS 18 on the Group’s consolidated
           financial statements and will apply it from its mandatory effective date of 1 January 2027 and
           retrospective application is required.




     HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
58   Annual Report 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2025
3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION
     (a)   Statement of compliance
           The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRS
           Accounting Standards which collective term includes all applicable individual Hong Kong
           Accounting Standards, Hong Kong Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations
           issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). The
           consolidated financial statements also comply with the applicable disclosure requirements of
           the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on
           GEM of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “GEM Listing Rules”).

     (b)   Basis of measurement
           The Directors of the Company have, at the time of approving the consolidated financial
           statements, a reasonable expectation that the Group has adequate resources to continue in
           operational existence for the foreseeable future. Thus they continue to adopt the going
           concern basis of accounting in preparing the consolidated financial statements.

           The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under historical cost basis except
           for certain financial instruments that are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting
           period, as explained in the accounting policies set out below.

           Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for
           goods and services.

           Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in
           an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of
           whether that price is directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In
           estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes into account the
           characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics
           into account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value for
           measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these consolidated financial statements is
           determined on such a basis, except for share-based payment transactions that are within the
           scope of HKFRS 2 Share-Based Payment, leasing transactions that are accounted for in
           accordance with HKFRS 16 Leases, and measurements that have some similarities to fair
           value but are not fair value, such as net realisable value in HKAS 2 Inventories or value in use
           in HKAS 36 Impairment of Assets.




                                                                    HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                          59
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


For the year ended 31 December 2025

3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)
     (b)   Basis of measurement (Continued)
           In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into
           Level 1, 2 or 3 based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are
           observable and the significance of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety,
           which are described as follows:

           •     Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or
                 liabilities that the entity can access at the measurement date;

           •     Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are
                 observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and

           •     Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.

     (c)   Functional and presentation currency
           The functional currency of the Company is United States dollars (“US$”), while the
           consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”). As the
           Company is listed on GEM of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, the Directors
           consider that it will be more appropriate to adopt HK$ as the Group’s and the Company’s
           presentation currency.

4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
     (a)   Basis of consolidation
           The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company
           and entities controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the
           Company:

           •     has power over the investee;

           •     is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and

           •     has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

           The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances
           indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.




     HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
60   Annual Report 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2025
4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     (a)   Basis of consolidation (Continued)
           Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and
           ceases when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of
           a subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated
           statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income from the date the Group gains
           control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

           When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring
           their accounting policies in line with the Group’s accounting policies.

           All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to
           transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

     (b)   Subsidiaries
           A subsidiary is an investee over which the Company is able to exercise control. The Company
           controls an investee if all three of the following elements are present: (i) power over the
           investee, (ii) exposure, or rights, to variable returns from the investee, and (iii) the ability to
           use its power to affect those variable returns. Control is reassessed whenever facts and
           circumstances indicate that there may be a change in any of these elements of control.

           In the Company’s statement of financial position, investments in subsidiaries are carried at
           cost less impairment loss, if any. The results of the subsidiaries are accounted for by the
           Company on the basis of dividends received and receivable.




                                                                     HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                    Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                           61
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


For the year ended 31 December 2025
4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     (c)   Revenue recognition
           The Group manufactures and sells candle products to the customers. Revenue is recognised
           at the point in time when customers obtain control of candle products, being when the goods
           have been shipped to the customers’ specified location. There is generally only one
           performance obligation.

           Refund liability
           A refund liability is recognised for the obligation to refund some or all of the consideration
           received (or receivable) from a customer and is measured at the amount the Group ultimately
           expects it will have to return to the customer. The Group updates its estimates of refund
           liabilities (and the corresponding change in the transaction price) at the end of each reporting
           period.

           Variable consideration
           For contracts that contain variable consideration in relation to sales rebate and refund for
           defective goods to customers, the Group estimates the amount of consideration to which it
           will be entitled using either (a) the expected value method or (b) the most likely amount,
           depending on which method better predicts the amount of consideration to which the Group
           will be entitled.

           The estimated amount of variable consideration is included in the transaction price only to
           the extent that it is highly probable that such an inclusion will not result in a significant
           revenue reversal in the future when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration
           is subsequently resolved.

           At the end of each reporting period, the Group updated the estimated transaction price
           (including updating its assessment of whether an estimate of variable consideration is
           constrained) to represent faithfully the circumstances present at the end of the reporting
           period and the changes in circumstances during the reporting period.

           Contract liabilities
           A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods to a customer for
           which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the
           customer.




     HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
62   Annual Report 2025
                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2025
4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     (d)   Property, plant and equipment
           Property, plant and equipment are tangible assets held for use in the production or supply of
           goods or services, or for administrative purposes (other than construction in progress as
           described below). Property, plant and equipment, other than construction in progress, are
           stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost less subsequent
           accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated impairment losses, if any.

           Buildings in the course of construction for production, supply or administrative purposes are
           carried at cost, less any recognised impairment loss. Costs include any costs directly
           attributable to bringing the asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable
           of operating in the manner intended by management, including costs of testing whether the
           related assets is functioning properly and, for qualifying assets, borrowing costs capitalised
           in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy. Sale proceeds of items that are produced
           while bringing an item of property, plant and equipment to the location and condition
           necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management (such as
           samples produced when testing whether the asset is functioning properly), and the related
           costs of producing those items are recognised in the profit or loss. The cost of those items
           are measured in accordance with the measurement requirements of HKAS 2. Depreciation of
           these assets, on the same basis as other property assets, commences when the assets are
           ready for their intended use.

           Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of assets less their residual values over
           their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method. The estimated useful lives,
           residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period,
           with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.

           An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future
           economic benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or
           loss arising on the disposal or retirement of an item of property, plant and equipment is
           determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the
           asset and is recognised in profit or loss.




                                                                   HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                  Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                        63
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


For the year ended 31 December 2025
4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     (e)   Leases
           The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A
           contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an
           identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

           The Group as a lessee
           The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for
           short-term leases and leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to
           make lease payments and right-of-use assets representing the right to use the underlying
           assets.

           Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
           The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases that have a lease
           term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase
           option. It also applies the recognition exemption for lease of low-value assets. Lease
           payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as expense on
           a straight-line basis over the lease term.

           Right-of-use assets
           The Group recognises right-of-use assets at the commencement date of the lease.
           Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment
           losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.

           The cost of right-of-use asset includes:

           •     the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;

           •     any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease
                 incentives received;

           •     any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and

           •     an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the
                 underlying assets, restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying
                 asset to the condition required by the terms and conditions of the lease, unless those
                 costs are incurred to produce inventories.

           Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated
           useful life and the lease term.

           The Group presents right-of-use assets as a separate line item on the consolidated statement
           of financial position.




     HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
64   Annual Report 2025
                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2025
4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     (e)   Leases (Continued)
           The Group as a lessee (Continued)
           Refundable rental deposits
           Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under HKFRS 9 and initially measured at fair
           value. Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease
           payments and included in the cost of right-of-use assets.

           Lease liabilities
           At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognises and measures the lease liability
           at the present value of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present
           value of lease payments, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease
           commencement date if the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.

           The lease payments include:

           •      fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives
                  receivable;

           •      variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measure using the
                  index or rate as at the commencement date;

           •      amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees;

           •      the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise
                  the option; and

           •      payments of penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group
                  exercising an option to terminate the lease.

           After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease
           payments.




                                                                  HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                 Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                       65
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


For the year ended 31 December 2025
4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     (e)   Leases (Continued)
           The Group as a lessee (Continued)
           Lease liabilities (Continued)
           The Group remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related
           right-of-use assets) whenever:

           •     the lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of exercise of a
                 purchase option, in which case the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting
                 the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the date of reassessment.

           •     the lease payments change due to changes in market rental rate following a market
                 rent review/expected payment under a guaranteed residual value, in which cases the
                 related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using
                 the initial discount rate.

           The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line time on the consolidated statement of
           financial position.

           Lease modifications
           The Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:

           •     the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or
                 more underlying assets; and

           •     the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the
                 stand-alone price for the increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that
                 stand-alone price to reflect the circumstances of the particular contract.

           For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures
           the lease liability based on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting the revised
           lease payments using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.

           The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making corresponding
           adjustments to the relevant right-of-use asset.




     HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
66   Annual Report 2025
                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2025
4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     (f)   Borrowing costs
           Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of
           qualifying assets which require a substantial period of time to be ready for their intended use
           or sale, are capitalised as part of the cost of those assets. Income earned on temporary
           investments of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on those assets is deducted
           from borrowing costs capitalised.

           All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are
           incurred.

     (g)   Impairment on property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets
           At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property,
           plant and equipment and right-of-use assets to determine whether there is any indication that
           these assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable
           amount of the relevant asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment
           loss (if any).

           The recoverable amount of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets are
           estimated individually. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually,
           the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset
           belongs.

           In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, corporate assets are allocated to the
           relevant cash-generating unit when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be
           established, or otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of cash generating units for
           which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis can be established. The recoverable
           amount is determined for the cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units to which
           the corporate asset belongs, and is compared with the carrying amount of the relevant
           cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units.




                                                                   HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                  Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                        67
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


For the year ended 31 December 2025
4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     (g)   Impairment on property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets (Continued)
           Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In
           assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value
           using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of
           money and the risks specific to the asset (or cash-generating unit) for which the estimates of
           future cash flows have not been adjusted.

           If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than
           its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or a cash-generating unit) is reduced
           to its recoverable amount. For corporate assets or portion of corporate assets which cannot
           be allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis to a cash-generating unit, the Group
           compares the carrying amount of a group of cash-generating units, including the carrying
           amounts of the corporate assets or portion of corporate assets allocated to that group of
           cash-generating units, with the recoverable amount of the group of cash-generating units. In
           allocating the impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying
           amount of any goodwill (if applicable) and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based
           on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit or the group of cash-generating units. The
           carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest of its fair value less costs of
           disposal (if measurable), its value in use (if determinable) and zero. The amount of the
           impairment loss that would otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata
           to the other assets of the unit or the group of cash-generating units. An impairment loss is
           recognised immediately in profit or loss.

           Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or
           cash-generating unit or a group of cash-generating units) is increased to the revised estimate
           of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the
           carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised
           for the asset (or a cash-generating unit or a group of cash-generating units) in prior years. A
           reversal of an impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.




     HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
68   Annual Report 2025
                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2025
4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     (h)   Inventories
           Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs of inventories are
           determined on a weighted average method. Net realisable value represents the estimated
           selling price for inventories less all estimated costs of completion and costs necessary to
           make the sale. Costs necessary to make the sale include incremental costs directly
           attributable to the sale and non-incremental costs which the Group must incur to make the
           sale.

     (i)   Foreign currencies
           In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in
           currencies other than the functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are recognised
           at the rates of exchanges prevailing on the dates of the transactions. At the end of the
           reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the
           rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical
           cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

           Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of
           monetary items, are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.

           For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and
           liabilities of the Group’s foreign operations are translated into the presentation currency of
           the Group (i.e. HK$) using exchange rates prevailing at the end of each reporting period.
           Income and expenses items are translated at the average exchange rates for the period,
           unless exchange rates fluctuate significantly during the period, in which case the exchange
           rates prevailing at the dates of transactions are used. Exchange differences arising, if any,
           are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity under the heading
           of translation reserve.




                                                                   HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                  Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                        69
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


For the year ended 31 December 2025
4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     (j)   Employee benefits
           (i)     Defined contribution retirement plans
                   Payments to the contribution retirement benefits scheme under the Mandatory
                   Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance (Chapter 485 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the
                   “MPF Scheme”) are recognised as an expense in profit or loss as when employees
                   have rendered service entitling them to the contributions. The Group’s obligation under
                   the MPF Scheme is limited to the fixed percentage contributions payable.

                   There were no forfeited contributions (by employers on behalf of employees who leave
                   the scheme prior to vesting fully in such contributions) to offset existing contributions
                   under the defined contribution schemes.

           (ii)    Defined benefit plan obligations
                   For the obligation of LSP under the Hong Kong Employment Ordinance, the estimated
                   amount of future benefit is determined after deducting the negative service cost arising
                   from the accrued benefits derived from the Group’s MPF contribution that have been
                   vested with employees, which are deemed to be contributions from the relevant
                   employees.

           (iii)   Short-term employee benefits
                   Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the
                   benefits expected to be paid as and when employees rendered the services. All
                   short-term employee benefits are recognised as an expense unless another HKFRS
                   requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an asset.

                   A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries,
                   annual leave and sick leave) after deducting any amount already paid.




     HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
70   Annual Report 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2025
4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     (k)   Taxation
           Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

           The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from
           profit/(loss) before tax because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other
           years and items that are never taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is
           calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the
           reporting period.

           Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets
           and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used
           in the computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all
           taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all deductible
           temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available
           against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such deferred tax
           assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial
           recognition (other than in a business combination) of assets and liabilities in a transaction
           that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit.

           Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with
           investments in subsidiaries, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the
           temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the
           foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences
           associated with such investments and interests are only recognised to the extent that it is
           probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilise the benefits of the
           temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.

           The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period
           and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be
           available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

           Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in
           the period in which the liability is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rates (and tax
           laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.




                                                                     HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                    Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                           71
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


For the year ended 31 December 2025
4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     (k)   Taxation (Continued)
           The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that
           would follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period,
           to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

           Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off
           current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied
           to the same taxable entity by the same taxation authority and the Group intends to settle its
           current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.

           Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items
           that are recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the
           current and deferred tax are also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in
           equity respectively.

     (l)   Financial instruments
           Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party
           to the contractual provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial
           assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or
           sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time
           frame established by regulation or convention in the marketplace.

           Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade
           receivables arising from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance
           with HKFRS 15. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of
           financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets at fair value through profit
           or loss (“FVTPL”)) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or
           financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable
           to the acquisition of financial asset at FVTPL are recognised immediately in profit or loss.




     HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
72   Annual Report 2025
                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2025
4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     (l)   Financial instruments (Continued)
           The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial
           asset or financial liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the
           relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future
           cash receipts and payments (including all fees and points paid or received that form an
           integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts)
           through the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a
           shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.

           (i)   Financial assets
                 Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
                 Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at
                 amortised cost:

                 •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect
                       contractual cash flows; and

                 •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely
                       payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

                 Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at
                 FVTOCI:

                 •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved
                       by both selling and collecting contractual cash flows; and

                 •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely
                       payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

                 All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except that at initial
                 recognition of a financial asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent
                 changes in fair value of an equity investment in other comprehensive income (“OCI”) if
                 that equity investment is neither held for trading nor contingent consideration
                 recognised by an acquirer in a business combination to which HKFRS 3 Business
                 Combinations applies.




                                                                    HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                         73
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


For the year ended 31 December 2025
4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     (l)   Financial instruments (Continued)
           (i)   Financial assets (Continued)
                 Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (Continued)
                 Amortised cost and interest income
                 Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets
                 measured subsequently at amortised cost and debt instruments subsequently
                 measured at FVTOCI. Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest
                 rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that
                 have subsequently become credit-impaired. For financial assets that have subsequently
                 become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective
                 interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from the next reporting period.
                 If the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the
                 financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying
                 the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset from the
                 beginning of the reporting period following the determination that the asset is no longer
                 credit-impaired.

                 Debt instruments classified as at FVTOCI
                 Subsequent changes in the carrying amounts for debt instruments classified as at
                 FVTOCI as a result of interest income calculated using the effective interest method are
                 recognised in profit or loss. All other changes in the carrying amount of these debt
                 instruments are recognised in OCI and accumulated under the heading of FVTOCI
                 reserve. Impairment allowances are recognised in profit or loss with corresponding
                 adjustment to OCI without reducing the carrying amounts of these debt instruments.
                 The amounts that are recognised in profit or loss are the same as the amounts that
                 would have been recognised in profit or loss if these debt instruments had been
                 measured at amortised cost. When these debt instruments are derecognised, the
                 cumulative gains or losses previously recognised in OCI are reclassified to profit or
                 loss.

                 Financial asset at FVTPL
                 Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or
                 FVTOCI or designated as FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL.

                 The financial asset at FVTPL represents a keyman insurance contract that is initially
                 recognised at the amount of the premium paid and subsequently carried at fair value at
                 the end of each reporting period, with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.

                 Changes in the fair value of financial asset at fair value through profit or loss are
                 recognised in “other gains and losses, net”.




     HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
74   Annual Report 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2025
4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     (l)   Financial instruments (Continued)
           (ii)   Impairment of financial assets
                  The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit loss (“ECL”) on financial
                  assets which are subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9 (including trade
                  and other receivables, pledged bank deposits and bank balances and cash). The
                  amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since
                  initial recognition.

                  Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over
                  the expected life of the relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”)
                  represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to result from default events that
                  are possible within 12 months after the reporting date. Assessment are done based on
                  the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to
                  the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current
                  conditions at the reporting date as well as the forecast of future conditions.

                  The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables. The ECL on these
                  assets are assessed individually.

                  For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL,
                  unless there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, in
                  which case the Group recognises lifetime ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime
                  ECL should be recognised is based on significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a
                  default occurring since initial recognition.

                  Significant increase in credit risk
                  In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition,
                  the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the
                  reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the
                  date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both
                  quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including
                  historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue
                  cost or effort.




                                                                    HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                          75
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


For the year ended 31 December 2025
4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     (l)   Financial instruments (Continued)
           (ii)   Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
                  Significant increase in credit risk (Continued)
                  In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether
                  credit risk has increased significantly:

                  •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s
                        external (if available) or internal credit rating;

                  •     significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a
                        significant increase in the credit spread;

                  •     existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic
                        conditions that are expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s
                        ability to meet its debt obligations;

                  •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the
                        debtor; or

                  •     an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or
                        technological environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in
                        the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations.

                  Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the
                  credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual
                  payments are more than 30 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and
                  supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.

                  Despite the foregoing, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a debt instrument has
                  not increased significantly since initial recognition if the debt instrument is determined
                  to have low credit risk at the reporting date. A debt instrument is determined to have
                  low credit risk if (i) it has a low risk of default, (ii) the borrower has a strong capacity to
                  meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term and (iii) adverse changes in
                  economic and business conditions in the longer term may, but will not necessarily,
                  reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfil its contractual cash flow obligations. The
                  Group considers a debt instrument to have low credit risk when it has an internal or
                  external credit rating of “investment grade” as per globally understood definitions.

                  The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether
                  there has been a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to
                  ensure that the criteria are capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk
                  before the amount becomes past due.




     HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
76   Annual Report 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2025
4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     (l)   Financial instruments (Continued)
           (ii)   Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
                  Definition of default
                  For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs
                  when information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that
                  the debtor is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into
                  account any collaterals held by the Group).

                  Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a
                  financial asset is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and
                  supportable information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more
                  appropriate.

                  Credit-impaired financial assets
                  A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events of default that have a
                  detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have
                  occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes observable data
                  about the following events:

                  •     significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;

                  •     a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

                  •     the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the
                        borrower’s financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s)
                        that the lender(s) would not otherwise consider;

                  •     it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial
                        reorganisation; or

                  •     the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of
                        financial difficulties.

                  Write-off policy
                  The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the
                  counterparty is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of
                  recovery, for example, when the counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has
                  entered into bankruptcy proceedings, or in the case of trade receivables, when the
                  amounts are over one year past due, whichever occurs sooner. Financial assets written
                  off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery
                  procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes
                  a derecognition event. Any subsequent recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.




                                                                      HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                     Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                             77
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


For the year ended 31 December 2025
4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     (l)   Financial instruments (Continued)
           (ii)   Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
                  Measurement and recognition of ECL
                  The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default
                  (i.e. the magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The
                  assessment of the probability of default and loss given default is based on historical
                  data and forward-looking information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and
                  probability-weighted amount that is determined with the respective risks of default
                  occurring as the weights.

                  Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to
                  the Group in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects
                  to receive, discounted at the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.

                  Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset
                  unless the financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is calculated
                  based on amortised cost of the financial asset.

                  Except for investments in debt instruments that are measured at FVTOCI, the Group
                  recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by
                  adjusting their carrying amount, with the exception of trade receivables, where the
                  corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance account. For
                  investments in debt instruments that are measured at FVTOCI, the loss allowance is
                  recognised in OCI and accumulated in the FVTOCI reserve without reducing the
                  carrying amount of these debt instruments. Such amount represents the changes in
                  the FVTOCI reserve in relation to accumulated loss allowance.




     HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
78   Annual Report 2025
                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2025
4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     (l)   Financial instruments (Continued)
           (iii)   Financial liabilities and equity instruments
                   Classification as debt or equity
                   Debt and equity instruments issued by a group entity are classified as either financial
                   liabilities or as equity in accordance with the substance of the contractual
                   arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.

                   Equity instruments
                   An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of
                   an entity after deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Group are
                   recognised at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

                   Financial liabilities at amortised cost
                   Financial liabilities including trade and other payables and bank borrowings are
                   subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method.

           (iv)    Derecognition
                   The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash
                   flows from the asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all
                   the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another entity. If the Group neither
                   transfer nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership and continued
                   to control the transferred assets, the Group recognises its retained interest in the asset
                   and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group retains
                   substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the
                   Group continues to recognise the financial asset and also recognises a collateralised
                   borrowing for the proceeds received.

                   On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference
                   between the asset’s carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and
                   receivable is recognised in profit or loss.

                   The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s
                   obligations are discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the
                   carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised and the consideration paid and
                   payable is recognised in profit or loss.




                                                                      HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                     Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                            79
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


For the year ended 31 December 2025
4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     (m)   Cash and cash equivalents
           Cash and cash equivalents presented on the consolidated statement of financial position
           include:

           (a)   cash, which comprises of cash on hand and demand deposits, excluding bank
                 balances that are subject to regulatory restrictions that result in such balances no
                 longer meeting the definition of cash; and

           (b)   cash equivalents, which comprises of short-term (generally with original maturity of
                 three months or less), highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to a known
                 amount of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in. Cash
                 equivalents are held for the purpose of meeting short-term cash commitments rather
                 than for investment or other purposes.

           For the purposes of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents
           consist of cash and cash equivalents as defined above.

     (n)   Provisions
           Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as
           a result of a past event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle that obligation,
           and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

           The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to
           settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks
           and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. When a provision is measured using the cash
           flows estimated to settle the present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of
           those cash flows.

     (o)   Government grants
           Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will
           comply with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

           Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in
           which the Group recognises as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended
           to compensate.

           Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or
           losses already incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group
           with no future related costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they
           become receivable. Such grants are presented under “other income”.




     HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
80   Annual Report 2025
                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2025
4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     (p)   Related parties
           (a)   A person or a close member of that person’s family is related to the Group if that
                 person:

                 (i)      has control or joint control of the Group;

                 (ii)     has significant influence over the Group; or

                 (iii)    is a member of key management personnel of the Group or the Company’s
                          parent.

           (b)   An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions apply:

                 (i)      The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that
                          each parent, subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).

                 (ii)     One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or
                          joint venture of a member of a group of which the other entity is a member).

                 (iii)    Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.

                 (iv)     One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate
                          of the third entity.

                 (v)      The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of the employees of
                          the Group or an entity related to the Group.

                 (vi)     The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a).

                 (vii)    A person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member
                          of key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).

                 (viii)   The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key
                          management personnel services to the Group or to the Group’s parent.

           Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to
           influence, or be influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity and include (i) that
           person’s children and spouse or domestic partner; (ii) children of that person’s spouse or
           domestic partner; and (iii) dependents of that person or that person’s spouse or domestic
           partner.




                                                                        HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                       Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                             81
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


For the year ended 31 December 2025
5.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
     ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
     In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in Note 4, the Directors
     of the Company are required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying
     amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates
     and underlying assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are
     considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

     The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to
     accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision
     affects only that period or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both
     current and future periods.

     Key sources of estimation uncertainty
     In addition to information disclosed elsewhere in these consolidated financial statements, other key
     sources of estimation uncertainty that have a significant risk of resulting a material adjustment to
     the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within next financial year are as follows:

     Provision of ECL for trade receivables
     Under HKFRS 9, the Group assessed trade debtors individually for the expected credit losses, by
     considering the external credit rating of the debtors based on countries and industry in which the
     debtors operate on an individual basis, taking into consideration forward-looking information that is
     reasonable and supportable without undue costs or effort. Forward-looking information considered
     future prospects of the countries in which the Group’s debtors operate. At every reporting date, the
     key assumptions and judgements such as probability of default, loss given default and external
     credit rating are reassessed based on current economic conditions and adjusted for
     forward-looking information.

     The provision of ECL is sensitive to changes in estimates. The information about the ECL and the
     Group’s trade receivables are disclosed in Notes 20 and 32(b).

     Allowance for inventories
     The Group makes allowance for inventories based on an assessment of the net realisable value of
     inventories. Allowances are applied to inventories where events or changes in circumstances
     indicate that the net realisable value is lower than the cost of inventories. The identification of
     obsolete inventories requires the use of judgement and estimates on the conditions and usefulness
     of the inventories. In cases where the net realisable value of inventories assessed are less than
     expected, recognition of a material allowance for inventories may arise which would be recognised
     in profit or loss in the period in which such recognition takes place.




     HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
82   Annual Report 2025
                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2025
6.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
     (i)     Disaggregated revenue information
                                                                                   2025             2024
                                                                                HK$’000          HK$’000


             Sale of candle products
             Daily-use candles                                                   112,250          123,889
             Scented candles                                                     639,245          603,578
             Decorative candles                                                   50,219           33,754
             Others (included Diffusers)                                          96,394          148,228

             Total                                                               898,108          909,449


             Timing of revenue recognition
             A point in time                                                     898,108          909,449

             The Group’s market were department stores and buying agents headquartered in the United
             States of America and the United Kingdom.

             The contracts for sale of goods to external customers are short-term and the contract prices
             are fixed and agreed with the customers.

     (ii)    Performance obligations
             Sale of candle products (revenue recognised at one point in time)
             The Group sells candle products to external customers in which the revenue is recognised
             when the control of the goods has transferred to the customers, being when the goods have
             been shipped to the external customers’ specified location.

     (iii)   Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation for contracts
             with customers
             All performance obligations for sale of candle products are for periods of one year or less. As
             permitted under HKFRS 15, the transaction price allocated to these unsatisfied contracts is
             not disclosed.




                                                                    HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                         83
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


For the year ended 31 December 2025
6.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     Segment information
     Information reported to the executive directors of the Company, being the chief operating decision
     maker (“CODM”), regularly review revenue analysis by product type as set out in the revenue
     analysis above for the purpose of resource allocation and assessment of performance. However,
     other than revenue analysis, no operating results and other discrete financial information is regularly
     reviewed by the CODM for the purpose of resource allocation and assessment of performance of
     respective businesses. The CODM reviews the operating results of the Group as a whole to make
     decisions about resource allocation and for assessment of performance. The operation of the
     Group constitutes one single operating and reportable segment under HKFRS 8 Operating
     Segments and accordingly no separate segment information is presented.

     Geographical information
     The Group’s operations are located in Hong Kong and Vietnam.

     Information about the Group’s revenue from external customers is presented based on the location
     of the destination points of the customers.

                                                                                  2025              2024
                                                                               HK$’000           HK$’000


     Revenue from external customers
      United States of America                                                  777,786           845,568
      United Kingdom                                                            109,164            59,585
      Others                                                                     11,158             4,296

     Total                                                                      898,108           909,449

     Information about the Group’s non-current assets (exclude financial assets and deferred tax assets)
     is presented based on the geographical location of the assets.

                                                                                  2025              2024
                                                                               HK$’000           HK$’000


     Non-current assets
      Hong Kong                                                                   4,574             4,377
      Vietnam                                                                   220,249           191,665
      United States of America                                                    7,437                 –

     Total                                                                      232,260           196,042




     HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
84   Annual Report 2025
                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025
6.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     Information about major customers
     Revenues from customers of the corresponding years contributing over 5% of the total revenue of
     the Group are as follows:

                                                                                2025            2024
                                                                             HK$’000         HK$’000


     Customer A (Note)                                                       408,042          503,882
     Customer B (Note)                                                        68,259          139,151
     Customer C (Note)                                                       144,750           55,532
     Customer D                                                               46,752              N/A

     Note: Revenue from Customers A and C are contributing over 10% (2024: revenue from Customer A and B
           are contributing over 10%) of the total revenue of the Group for year ended 31 December 2025.

7.   OTHER INCOME

                                                                                2025            2024
                                                                             HK$’000         HK$’000


     Bank interest income                                                       9,166            9,350
     Interest income on debt instruments at FVTOCI                                 58               58
     Others                                                                     9,945            8,296

                                                                               19,169          17,704




                                                                 HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                     85
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


For the year ended 31 December 2025
8.   OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES, NET

                                                                                     2025               2024
                                                                                  HK$’000            HK$’000


     Net foreign exchange gain                                                        1,948               578
     Fair value change of financial asset at FVTPL                                       43                 86
     Recovery of bad debts                                                              160               212
     Written-off of trade receivables                                                     –              (165)
     Impairment loss on trade receivables, net of reversal                          (15,337)               (64)
     Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment (Note)                           425             1,972
     Gain on reversal of provision (Note 24)                                              –            29,714

                                                                                    (12,761)           32,333

     Note: On 23 August 2024, the Group entered into a sales and purchase agreement with an independent third
           party on sale of a property located in Vietnam with total consideration approximately HK$2,346,000. A
           gain on disposal amounting to HK$799,000 is recognised and included in other gains and losses in the
           consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

           On 26 September 2024, the Group entered into a sales and purchase agreement with an independent
           third party on sale of another property located in Vietnam with total consideration approximately
           HK$1,966,000. A gain on disposal amounting to HK$694,000 is recognised and included in other gains
           and losses in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

9.   FINANCE COSTS

                                                                                     2025               2024
                                                                                  HK$’000            HK$’000


     Interest on bank borrowings                                                     10,693            11,590
     Interest on lease liabilities                                                      297               179

     Total finance costs                                                             10,990            11,769




     HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
86   Annual Report 2025
                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2025
10. INCOME TAX EXPENSE

                                                                                    2025               2024
                                                                                 HK$’000            HK$’000

   Current tax
   – Hong Kong Profits Tax                                                         17,466            22,320
   – Vietnam Corporate Income Tax                                                   8,251             7,594
   – Singapore Corporate Income Tax                                                 1,414               826
   – (Over)/under-provision in respect of prior years                              (4,178)              197

                                                                                   22,953            30,937
   Deferred tax (Note 28)                                                              94               451

                                                                                   23,047            31,388

   Under the two-tier profits tax regime, Hong Kong Profits Tax of Fleming International Limited
   (“Fleming Hong Kong”) is calculated at 8.25% on the first HK$2 million of the estimated
   assessable profits and at 16.5% on the estimated assessable profits above HK$2 million.

   For Fleming International Vietnam Limited (“Fleming Vietnam”), the subsidiary incorporated in
   Vietnam, the statutory corporate tax rate is 20% for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.

   For Fleming International (Singapore) Pte. Limited (“Fleming Singapore”), the subsidiary
   incorporated in Singapore, the statutory corporate tax rate is 17% for the years ended 31
   December 2025 and 2024.

   The income tax expense for the years can be reconciled to the profit before income tax expense
   per the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as follows:

                                                                                    2025               2024
                                                                                 HK$’000            HK$’000

   Profit before income tax expense                                               124,512           202,822

   Tax at the Hong Kong Profits Tax rate of 16.5%
     (2024: 16.5%) (Note)                                                          20,544            33,466
   Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purposes                           5,135             1,329
   Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purpose                                   (10)           (4,955)
   (Over)/under-provision in respect of prior years                                (4,178)              197
   Income tax at concessionary rate                                                  (165)             (165)
   Effect of different tax rates of subsidiaries operating in different
     jurisdictions                                                                   1,401             1,263
   Others                                                                              320               253

   Income tax expense                                                              23,047            31,388

   Note: The domestic tax rate (which is Hong Kong Profits Tax rate) in the jurisdiction where the operation of
         the Group is substantially based is used.




                                                                     HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                    Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                            87
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


For the year ended 31 December 2025
11. PROFIT BEFORE INCOME TAX EXPENSE
     Profit before income tax expense is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                     2025              2024
                                                                                  HK$’000           HK$’000


     Cost of inventories recognised as an expense                                 613,779           560,153
     Provision/(reversal of provision) for slow-moving inventories
       (Note)                                                                          392            (2,605)

     Cost of sales                                                                614,171           557,548


     Auditor’s remuneration                                                          1,100             1,090
     Donations                                                                          50                80
     Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                (425)           (1,972)
     Loss on written off of property, plant and equipment                              195                 –
     Low-value asset lease expenses                                                     75                18


     Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (Note 15)                        20,001            13,113
     Less: capitalised in inventories and recognised as cost of sales              (16,988)          (10,798)

                                                                                     3,013             2,315


     Depreciation of right-of-use assets (Note 16)                                   4,921             4,330
     Less: capitalised in inventories and recognised as cost of sales               (1,748)           (1,414)

                                                                                     3,173             2,916


     Employee benefit expense (excluding directors’ remuneration
      (Note 12)):
      – Salaries and allowances                                                     56,044            60,293
      – Discretionary bonus                                                          5,891             4,648
      – Retirement benefit scheme contribution                                      14,238            14,236

     Total staff costs                                                              76,173            79,177
     Less: capitalised in inventories and recognised as cost of sales              (48,806)          (52,700)

                                                                                    27,367            26,477

     Note:

     The reversal of provision for slow-moving inventories during the year ended 31 December 2024 was due to an
     increase in the estimated net realisable value of certain inventories as a result of a change in consumer
     preference.




     HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
88   Annual Report 2025
                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025
12. REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS
   (a)   Directors’ remuneration
         Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the
         applicable GEM Listing Rules and Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, is as follows:

         For the year ended 31 December 2025

                                                      Retirement
                                             Salaries    benefits
                                                 and     scheme            Other Discretionary
                                 Fees    allowances contributions        benefits       bonus        Total
                               HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000


         Executive directors
         Mr. Andrew Wong             –        3,600           18              963       25,000      29,581
         Mr. Vincent Wong            –        3,600           18            1,095       25,000      29,713
         Ms. Donna Wong              –        1,056           18                –        1,056       2,130

         Independent
           non-executive
           directors
         Mr. Chan Cheong Tat       180            –             –               –            –          180
         Mr. Ho Chi Wai            180            –             –               –            –          180
         Mr. Chu Kin Wang,
           Peleus                  180            –             –               –            –          180

                                   540        8,256           54            2,058       51,056      61,964




                                                                    HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                   Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                         89
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


For the year ended 31 December 2025
12. REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS
    (Continued)
     (a)   Directors’ remuneration (Continued)
           For the year ended 31 December 2024

                                                             Retirement
                                                Salaries        benefits
                                                    and         scheme        Other    Discretionary
                                    Fees    allowances     contributions    benefits          bonus       Total
                                 HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000


           Executive directors
           Mr. Andrew Wong              –        3,600               18         935         41,500      46,053
           Mr. Vincent Wong             –        3,600               18         997         41,500      46,115
           Ms. Donna Wong
             (appointed on
             1 November 2024)           –          151                3           –           1,050      1,204

           Independent
             non-executive
             directors
           Mr. Chan Cheong Tat        180             –               –           –               –        180
           Mr. Ho Chi Wai             180             –               –           –               –        180
           Mr. Chu Kin Wang,
             Peleus                   180             –               –           –               –        180

                                      540        7,351               39       1,932         84,050      93,912

           The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with
           the management of the affairs of the Company and the Group.

           The independent non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services
           as directors of the Company.

           The executive directors of the Company are entitled to bonus payments which are
           determined based on a percentage of the Group’s profit before income tax expense for the
           year.

           During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group leased living quarters and
           carparks from outsiders and provided to Mr. Andrew Wong and Mr. Vincent Wong at
           rent-free and the amounts included in other benefits represent the market rental expenses
           paid to the landlords of the leased quarters and carparks and the utilities expenses.




     HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
90   Annual Report 2025
                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025
12. REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS
    (Continued)
   (b)   Five highest paid individuals
         The five highest paid individuals of the Group during the year included three (2024: three)
         directors, details of their emoluments are set out above. The emoluments of the remaining
         two (2024: two) individuals are as follows:

                                                                               2025             2024
                                                                            HK$’000          HK$’000


         Salaries and allowances                                               2,273             1,853
         Discretionary bonus                                                     938               677
         Retirement benefits scheme contributions                                 36                53

                                                                               3,247             2,583

         Their emoluments were fell within the following band:

                                                                               2025               2024
                                                                         Number of          Number of
                                                                          individual         individual


         HK$1,000,001 – HK$1,500,000                                                1                1
         HK$1,500,001 – HK$2,000,000                                                1                1

         During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, no emoluments were paid by the
         Group to the Directors or any of the five highest paid individuals (including directors and
         employees) as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss
         of office. No director has waived or agreed to waive any emoluments during the years ended
         31 December 2025 and 2024.




                                                                 HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                     91
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


For the year ended 31 December 2025
13. EARNINGS PER SHARE
     The calculation of the basic earnings per share attributable to the owners of the Company is based
     on the following data:

                                                                               2025             2024
                                                                            HK$’000          HK$’000


     Earnings
     Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company for the
       purpose of basic earnings per share                                   101,465         171,434


                                                                                2025            2024


     Number of ordinary shares
     Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of
      basic earnings per share                                           918,500,000     975,187,671

     No diluted earnings per share were presented as there were no potential ordinary shares in issue
     for both 2025 and 2024.

14. DIVIDENDS
     No dividend was paid or proposed for ordinary shareholders of the Company for the years ended
     31 December 2025 and 2024, nor has any dividend been proposed since the end of the reporting
     period.




     HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
92   Annual Report 2025
                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2025
15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                Furniture
                                        Plant and      Motor          and       Office      Computer            Construction
                           Buildings   machinery     vehicles    fixtures   equipment      equipment      Yacht in progress       Total
                            HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000


   Cost
   At 1 January 2024         59,075       35,346       9,857       4,645         2,403         1,902        180      25,870     139,278
   Transfer from
     construction in
     progress                25,870            –           –           –             –             –          –      (25,870)         –
   Additions                 24,475       31,041       4,792       4,403         2,037           424          –            –     67,172
   Disposals                 (3,885)        (728)       (481)          –             –             –          –            –     (5,094)
   Written-off                    –            –           –           –             –             –       (180)           –       (180)

   At 31 December 2024
     and 1 January 2025     105,535       65,659      14,168       9,048         4,440         2,326          –            –    201,176
   Additions                 18,881       29,891       1,986       1,152         1,938            61          –            –     53,909
   Disposals                      –       (7,586)       (435)          –             –             –          –            –     (8,021)
   Written-off               (1,176)       (1,249)         –        (351)         (114)           (3)         –            –     (2,893)

   At 31 December 2025      123,240       86,715      15,719       9,849         6,264         2,384          –            –    244,171


   Accumulated
     depreciation
   At 1 January 2024         18,311       19,424       5,367       2,170         1,862         1,020        180            –     48,334
   Provided for the year      2,999        6,355       1,765       1,201           487           306          –            –     13,113
   Disposals                 (1,066)        (728)       (390)          –             –             –          –            –     (2,184)
   Written-off                    –            –           –           –             –             –       (180)           –       (180)

   At 31 December 2024
     and 1 January 2025      20,244       25,051       6,742       3,371         2,349         1,326          –            –     59,083
   Provided for the year      4,361       10,596       2,172       1,633           893           346          –            –     20,001
   Disposals                      –       (4,216)       (374)          –             –             –          –            –     (4,590)
   Written-off               (1,152)      (1,095)          –        (336)         (112)           (3)         –            –     (2,698)

   At 31 December 2025       23,453       30,336       8,540       4,668         3,130         1,669          –            –     71,796


   Carrying amount
   At 31 December 2025       99,787       56,379       7,179       5,181         3,134           715          –            –    172,375


   At 31 December 2024       85,291       40,608       7,426       5,677         2,091         1,000          –            –    142,093




                                                                                         HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                                     93
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


For the year ended 31 December 2025
15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
     The principal annual rates used for calculating depreciation are as follows:

     – Motor vehicles                                                                          10%–33%
     – Plant and machinery                                                                     14%–33%
     – Furniture and fixtures                                                                  14%–25%
     – Buildings                                                                             4.35%–20%
     – Office equipment                                                                        20%–33%
     – Computer equipment                                                                      20%–50%
     – Yacht                                                                                       10%

     The carrying amount of buildings shown above comprises:

                                                                                  2025           2024
                                                                               HK$’000        HK$’000


     Buildings on leasehold land outside Hong Kong under
       medium-term lease                                                            99,787     85,291

     As at 31 December 2025, certain property, plant and equipment located in Vietnam with
     aggregated carrying amount of Vietnamese Dong (“VND”) 14,684,991,000 (2024:
     VND19,285,199,000), equivalent to approximately HK$4,364,000 (2024: HK$5,916,000) were
     pledged to secure bank borrowings (Note 25) and general bank facilities granted to certain
     subsidiaries of the Company.




     HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
94   Annual Report 2025
                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2025
16. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

                              Leasehold       Office     Office      Directors’      Motor
                                   land   equipment    premise        quarters      vehicle       Total
                                HK$’000     HK$’000    HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000


   Cost
   At 1 January 2024             52,192         243      6,408           9,946            –       68,789
   Lease addition                     –           –          –               –        1,059        1,059
   Lease modification                 –           –      2,308               –            –        2,308

   At 31 December 2024 and
     1 January 2025              52,192         243      8,716           9,946        1,059       72,156
   Lease modification                 –           –          –           3,498            –        3,498

   At 31 December 2025           52,192         243      8,716          13,444        1,059       75,654


   Accumulated depreciation
   At 1 January 2024              5,034           –      5,315           8,020            –       18,369
   Provided for the year          1,450          48      1,097           1,647           88        4,330

   At 31 December 2024 and
     1 January 2025               6,484          48      6,412           9,667           88       22,699
   Provided for the year          1,784          48      1,151           1,726          212        4,921

   At 31 December 2025            8,268          96      7,563          11,393          300       27,620


   Carrying amount
   At 31 December 2025           43,924         147      1,153           2,051          759       48,034


   At 31 December 2024           45,708         195      2,304             279          971       49,457




                                                                  HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                 Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                      95
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


For the year ended 31 December 2025
16. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (Continued)
     The right-of-use assets are depreciated over lease terms as follows:

     Leasehold land                                                                                   25 to 50 years
     Office premises and directors’ quarters                                                        23 to 25 months
     Office equipment                                                                                     60 months
     Motor vehicle                                                                                        60 months

     At 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group’s right-of-use assets mainly comprise leasehold
     interests in certain land situated in Vietnam and held under medium-term lease.

     A t 31 D e c e m b e r 2025, s u c h l e a s e h o l d i n t e r e s t s i n l a n d o f V N D94,380,746,000 (2024:
     VND 97,742,114,000) equivalent to approximately HK$28,048,000 (2024: HK$29,983,000) were
     pledged to secure bank borrowings (Note 25) and general bank facilities granted to certain
     subsidiaries of the Company.

17. DEBT INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE
    INCOME

                                                                                           2025                2024
                                                                                        HK$’000             HK$’000


     Investments in unlisted bonds, with fixed interest rate of 7.45%
       per annum and maturity date on 24 November 2033                                        910                 889


     Analysed for reporting purposes as:
       Non-current assets                                                                     910                 889

     At 31 December 2025 and 2024, the fair value of the debt instruments at FVTOCI was determined
     based on the reference prices of respective unlisted bonds provided by financial institution.

     At 31 December 2025, the debt instruments at FVTOCI of HK$910,000 (2024: HK$889,000) were
     pledged to secure the bank borrowings (Note 25) and general bank facilities granted to certain
     subsidiaries of the Company.




     HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
96   Annual Report 2025
                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025
18. FINANCIAL ASSET AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                2025             2024
                                                                             HK$’000          HK$’000


   Unlisted investment – Keyman insurance contract                              3,294            3,251

   The keyman insurance contract relates to an insurance policy insured for a director of the
   Company. The keyman insurance contract is denominated in US$.

   The change in fair value of the investment during the year is recorded in “other gains or losses, net”
   in the profit or loss.

   As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the fair value of the keyman insurance contract was estimated
   by making reference to the cash surrender value set out in the keyman insurance contract.

   At 31 December 2025, the financial asset at FVTPL of HK$3,294,000 (2024: HK$3,251,000) was
   pledged to secure the bank borrowings (Note 25) and general bank facilities granted to certain
   subsidiaries of the Company.

19. INVENTORIES

                                                                                2025             2024
                                                                             HK$’000          HK$’000


   Raw materials                                                               47,836           72,068
   Work in progress                                                             3,937            3,951
   Finished goods                                                              25,225           27,443
   Goods in transit                                                             8,640            7,571

                                                                               85,638          111,033
   Less: Allowance for inventories                                             (5,949)          (5,557)

                                                                               79,689          105,476




                                                                 HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                      97
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


For the year ended 31 December 2025
20. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                 2025             2024
                                                                              HK$’000          HK$’000


     Trade receivables, gross                                                  129,983          133,363
     Less: Allowance for credit losses                                         (17,734)          (2,397)

     Trade receivables, net                                                    112,249          130,966
     Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                                 7,268           14,072

     Total                                                                     119,517          145,038

     As at 31 December 2025, trade receivables from contracts with customers amounted to
     HK$112,249,000 (2024: HK$130,966,000).

     The Group allows credit period ranging from 30 to 180 days to its trade customers.

     The following is an aged analysis of trade receivables, net of allowance for credit losses, presented
     based on the invoice date at the end of the year:

                                                                                 2025             2024
                                                                              HK$’000          HK$’000


     0–30 days                                                                  51,623           51,030
     31–60 days                                                                 13,749           46,555
     61–90 days                                                                  1,636            8,075
     91–180 days                                                                32,277           24,289
     Over 180 days                                                              12,964            1,017

                                                                               112,249          130,966




     HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
98   Annual Report 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025
20. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
   The ageing analysis of trade receivables, net of loss allowance for credit losses, as of the end of
   reporting period, based on past due dates, is as follows:

                                                                              2025             2024
                                                                           HK$’000          HK$’000


   Current (not past due)                                                    66,162          101,070
   Past due 1 to 30 days                                                      8,084            4,123
   Past due 31 to 60 days                                                    11,481           23,574
   Past due 61 to 90 days                                                    11,202              361
   Past due 91 to 180 days                                                    8,964              995
   Past due over 180 days                                                     6,356              843

                                                                            112,249          130,966

   The movements in loss allowance of trade receivables, net of reversal were as follows:

                                                                              2025             2024
                                                                           HK$’000          HK$’000


   At beginning of the year                                                   2,397             2,564
   Reversal of loss allowance recognised                                     (1,181)           (2,330)
   Written-off                                                                    –              (231)
   Loss allowance recognised during the year                                 16,518             2,394

   At end of the year                                                        17,734             2,397

   Details of impairment assessment of trade receivables for the year ended 31 December 2025 are
   set out in Note 32(b).




                                                                HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                               Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                    99
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


For the year ended 31 December 2025
21. P L E D G E D B A N K D E P O S I T S / R E S T R I C T E D B A N K D E P O S I T S / B A N K
    BALANCES AND CASH
      The pledged bank deposits of the Group are pledged to banks for securing bank borrowings (Note
      25). The bank balances and cash comprise cash held by the Group and short-term bank deposits
      with an original maturity of three months or less. As at 31 December 2024, a restricted deposit of
      approximately HK$1,711,000 was classified as current assets, denominated in VND and carried at
      interest. The restricted deposit was released as at 31 December 2025.

      The pledged bank deposits/bank balances carry interest at market rates as follows:

                                                                                 2025             2024


      Range of interest rate per annum:

      Pledged bank deposits                                              0.01%-0.69%        0.01%-0.75%
      Bank balances                                                     0.0001%-0.1%       0.0001%-0.1%

      The carrying amounts of the Group’s pledged bank deposits and bank balances and cash
      denominated in currencies other than functional currency of the relevant group entities are as
      follows:

                                                                                2025              2024
                                                                             HK$’000           HK$’000


      HK$                                                                       2,980            1,395
      Singapore dollars (“SG$”)                                                   625              458
      VND                                                                       1,628            2,684
      Euro (“EUR”)                                                                 20                4
      British Pound (“GBP”)                                                        47               46
      Australian dollar (“AUD”)                                                     7                7
      Japanese Yen (“JPY”)                                                          3                9
      Chinese Renminbi (“CNY”)                                                      –                5

      Details of impairment assessment of pledged bank deposits for the year ended 31 December 2025
      are set out in Note 32(b).




      HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
100   Annual Report 2025
                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2025
22. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                             2025             2024
                                                                          HK$’000          HK$’000


   Trade payables (Note a)                                                  46,264           45,299
   Other payables                                                            6,460           14,026
   Accrued expenses                                                         41,545           57,311

                                                                            94,269          116,636

   (a)   Trade payables
         The following is an aged analysis of trade payables based on the invoice date at the end of
         the year:

                                                                             2025             2024
                                                                          HK$’000          HK$’000


         1–30 days                                                          35,914           27,339
         31–60 days                                                          9,642           11,019
         61–90 days                                                            387            4,488
         91–180 days                                                           321            2,453

                                                                            46,264           45,299

         The credit period on purchases of goods is 0 to 60 days.

         The Group’s trade payables that are denominated in currencies other than functional
         currency of relevant group entities are as follows:

                                                                             2025             2024
                                                                          HK$’000          HK$’000


         VND                                                                16,826           14,191
         EUR                                                                     –               34
         GBP                                                                   141               22




                                                               HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                              Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                   101
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


For the year ended 31 December 2025
23. CONTRACT LIABILITIES

                                                                                  2025             2024
                                                                               HK$’000          HK$’000


      Sale of candle products                                                       236            5,637

      The amount represents the trade deposits received from customers which will be recognised as the
      Group’s revenue when the control of the goods transferred to customers.

      The movements in the Group’s contract liabilities are as follows:

                                                                                  2025             2024
                                                                               HK$’000          HK$’000


      At beginning of the year                                                    5,637                 2
      Increase due to cash received, excluding amounts recognised
        during the year                                                              236           5,637
      Decrease due to recognised as revenue during the year                       (5,637)             (2)

      At end of the year                                                            236            5,637

24. PROVISION

                                                                                  2025             2024
                                                                               HK$’000          HK$’000


      Provision                                                                        –           3,880

      During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group was advised by a customer in the United
      States of America about two alerts initiated by the United States Consumer Product Safety
      Commission, requiring the customer to recall a certain number of units of glass jar candles supplied
      by the Group. In December 2023, the Group has received a claim of about US$6.8 million
      (equivalents to approximately HK$52,994,000) from the customer to compensate for its commercial
      losses due to the recall of the products. Accordingly, the Group has made full provision of the claim
      as at 31 December 2023, and the related expense was included in selling and distribution expenses
      in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income for the year ended
      31 December 2023.

      During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group finalised an agreement with the customer for
      a settlement with a compensation amount of US$3.0 million (equivalent to approximately HK$23.3
      million) and the Company shall be discharged from any further liability in respect of the claim.
      Accordingly, reversal of provision of HK$29,714,000 was recognised and included in other gain and
      losses in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income for the year
      ended 31 December 2024. During the year ended 31 December 2025, the outstanding
      compensation as at 31 December 2024 amounting to HK$3,880,000 was fully repaid by the Group.


      HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
102   Annual Report 2025
                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2025
25. BANK BORROWINGS

                                                                            2025             2024
                                                                         HK$’000          HK$’000


   Secured and guaranteed:
     Bank borrowings
     – Bank loans                                                           8,348           12,730

                                                                            8,348           12,730

   The carrying amount of the Group’s and bank borrowings are repayable as follows:

                                                                            2025             2024
                                                                         HK$’000          HK$’000


   Carrying amounts repayable (based on scheduled repayable
    terms):
    Within one year                                                         5,083             5,073
    More than one year, but not more than two years                         2,219             4,286
    More than two years, but not more than five years                       1,046             3,371

                                                                            8,348           12,730
   Less: Amounts due shown under current liabilities
          – due within one year                                                  –                 –
          – due within one year (contain a repayable on demand
            clause)                                                         (5,083)          (5,073)

                                                                            (5,083)          (5,073)

   Amounts shown under non-current liabilities                              3,265             7,657




                                                              HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                             Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                  103
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


For the year ended 31 December 2025
25. BANK BORROWINGS (Continued)
      At 31 December 2025, the bank borrowings are guaranteed by corporate guarantees given by the
      Company or the Company and Fleming Group International Limited (“Fleming International”); and
      secured by (i) debt instruments at FVTOCI of HK$910,000 (2024: HK$889,000) (Note 17); (ii)
      pledged bank deposits (Note 21); (iii) certain of the Group’s property, plant and equipment located
      in Vietnam with an aggregate carrying amount of HK$4,364,000 (2024: HK$5,916,000) (Note 15);
      (iv) the Group’s leasehold interests in land classified as right-of-use assets of HK$28,048,000
      (2024: HK$29,983,000) (Note 16); and (v) financial asset at FVTPL of HK$3,294,000 (2024:
      HK$3,251,000) (Note 18).

      The Group’s banking facilities contain various covenants which include the maintenance of certain
      financial ratios. The Directors have reviewed the covenants compliance and were not aware of any
      breach during both years.

      The exposure of the Group’s bank borrowings are as follows:

                                                                                  2025             2024
                                                                               HK$’000          HK$’000


      Fixed-rate                                                                  4,695            9,200
      Variable-rate                                                               3,653            3,530

                                                                                  8,348           12,730

      The ranges of effective interest rates of the Group’s bank borrowings are as follow:

                                                                                   2025            2024


      Effective interest rates (per annum):
        Fixed-rate                                                             6.95%               6.95%
        Variable-rate                                                    5.72%-8.02%         7.28%-8.02%

      The carrying amounts of the Group’s bank borrowings that are denominated in currencies other
      than functional currency of the relevant group entities are as follows:

                                                                                  2025             2024
                                                                               HK$’000          HK$’000


      Denominated in VND                                                          7,417           11,799




      HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
104   Annual Report 2025
                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025
25. BANK BORROWINGS (Continued)
   Bank loans arising from supplier finance arrangements
   The Group has entered into certain supplier finance arrangements with banks, under which the
   Group obtained extended credit in respect of the invoiced amounts owed to certain suppliers. The
   banking facilities in relation to these arrangements are guaranteed by corporate guarantees given
   by the Company or the Company and Fleming International; and secured by (i) debt instruments at
   FVTOCI of HK$910,000 (2024: HK$889,000) (Note 17); (ii) pledged bank deposits (Note 21) and (iii)
   financial asset at FVTPL of HK$3,294,000 (2024: HK$3,251,000) (Note 18).

   Under these arrangements, the banks pay suppliers the amounts owed by the Group on original
   due dates, which are normally between 0 to 60 days after the invoice dates. The Group then settles
   with the banks within 90 days after the original due dates with suppliers, with interest.

   In the consolidated statement of financial position, the Group has presented the payables to the
   banks under these arrangements as “Bank borrowings”, in view of the nature and function of such
   liabilities when compared with the Group’s trade payables, to suppliers. As at 31 December 2025,
   there is no financial liabilities under these arrangements (31 December 2024: no financial liabilities
   under these arrangements).

   In the consolidated statement of cash flows, payments to the banks are included within financing
   cash flows based on the nature of the arrangements, and payments to the suppliers by the banks
   amounting to HK$55,734,000 (2024: HK$14,962,000) are non-cash transactions.




                                                                 HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                     105
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


For the year ended 31 December 2025
26. LEASE LIABILITIES

                                                                              2025            2024
                                                                           HK$’000         HK$’000


      Analysed for reporting purpose as:
        Current liabilities                                                   2,978            1,643
        Non-current liabilities                                                 908            2,053

                                                                              3,886            3,696

                                                    2025                            2024
                                                      Present value                    Present value
                                             Minimum of minimum             Minimum      of minimum
                                                lease         lease             lease           lease
                                             payments    payments          payments        payments
                                              HK$’000     HK$’000           HK$’000         HK$’000


      Lease liabilities
      Within one year                            3,152          2,978          1,853           1,643
      More than one year, but not more
        than two years                             616            579          1,557           1,454
      More than two years, but not more
        than five years                            343            329            645             599

                                                 4,111          3,886          4,055           3,696
      Less: future interest expense               (225)             –           (359)              –

      Present value of lease liabilities         3,886                         3,696


      Less: Amounts due for settlement
              within 12 months (shown
              under current portion)                           (2,978)                        (1,643)

      Amount due for settlement after
       12 months                                                  908                          2,053

      The lease terms for the Group’s right-of-use assets are set out in Note 16. The Group discounts
      the lease liabilities at the weighted average incremental borrowing rates from 5.77% to 7.90%
      (2024: from 5.77% to 7.90%).




      HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
106   Annual Report 2025
                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2025
27. OTHER NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES

                                                                            2025             2024
                                                                         HK$’000          HK$’000


   Provision for severance allowance for employees                            192                 223

   The amount represents the provision for severance payment set aside for the retirement of
   employees whom Fleming Vietnam employed before 2009. During the years ended 31 December
   2025 and 2024, the Group contributes 5% of relevant payroll costs to those staff employed by
   Fleming Vietnam before 2009.

   The movements of the provision for severance allowance during the years ended 31 December
   2025 and 2024 are set out as below:

                                                                            2025             2024
                                                                         HK$’000          HK$’000


   At the beginning of the year                                               223                 193
   Additions                                                                    –                  30
   Utilised                                                                   (31)                  –

   At the end of the year                                                     192                 223

28. DEFERRED TAX ASSETS
   Deferred tax assets recognised and movements thereon:

                                                     Accelerated
                                                      accounting
                                                     depreciation         Others            Total
                                                         HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000


   At 1 January 2024                                        1,558              462            2,020
   Charged to profit or loss for the year                     (97)            (354)            (451)

   At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                   1,461             108             1,569
   Charged to profit or loss for the year                     (42)            (52)              (94)

   At 31 December 2025                                      1,419               56            1,475




                                                              HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                             Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                   107
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


For the year ended 31 December 2025
29. SHARE CAPITAL
      The movements in the issued ordinary share capital during the year are as follows:

                                                                                    Number           HK$’000


      Authorised:
      Ordinary shares of the Company of HK$0.01 each
      At 1 January 2024, 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2025               5,000,000,000              50,000

      Issued and fully paid:
      At 1 January 2024                                                      1,100,000,000              11,000
      Shares repurchased and cancelled (Note)                                 (181,500,000)             (1,815)

      At 31 December 2024, 1 January 2025 and 31 December 2025                 918,500,000               9,185

      Note:

      On 20 February 2024, the Company entered into a share buy-back agreement (the “Agreement”) with Vibes
      Enterprises Company Limited (the “Vendor”), a substantial shareholder of the Company, and pursuant to
      which the Company has conditionally agreed to purchase, and the Vendor has conditionally agreed to sell all
      the 181,500,000 shares of the Company held by the Vendor (the “Buy-back Shares”) as the date of the
      Agreement, at a buy-back price of HK$30,000,000, equivalent to approximately HK$0.165 per buy-back
      share. After the completion of the share buy-back in accordance with the terms and conditions of the
      Agreement on 24 April 2024, the Buy-back Shares were cancelled and all rights attaching thereto had ceased
      with immediate effect. Accordingly, the total number of issued shares of the Company was reduced from
      1,100,000,000 shares to 918,500,000 shares, and the Company’s share capital and share premium were
      reduced by approximately HK$1,815,000 and HK$28,185,000, respectively.

30. SHARE BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS
      Existing Share Option Scheme
      The Company adopted the existing share option scheme on 7 June 2024 (the “Existing Share
      Option Scheme”) for the purpose (i) to provide eligible participants with the opportunity to acquire
      proprietary interests in the Company and to encourage eligible participants to work towards
      enhancing the value of the Company and its shares for the benefit of the Company and its
      shareholders as a whole, as well as to motivate eligible participants to contribute to the success of
      the Group’s operations and (ii) to provide the Company with a flexible means of retaining,
      incentivising, rewarding, remunerating, compensating and/or providing benefits to eligible
      participants.




      HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
108   Annual Report 2025
                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025
30. SHARE BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
   Existing Share Option Scheme (Continued)
   The Existing Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of 10 years commencing
   from the adoption date and shall expire at the close of business on the day which falls 10 years
   thereof, after which no further options may be issued or granted but the provisions of the Existing
   Share Option Scheme shall remain in force to the extent necessary to give effect to the exercise of
   any options granted or exercised prior thereto otherwise as may be required in accordance with the
   provisions of the Existing Share Option Scheme. The Existing Share Option Scheme shall be
   subject to the administration of the Board whose decision on all matters arising in relation to the
   Existing Share Option Scheme or its interpretation or effect shall (save as otherwise provided herein
   and in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on all persons who may be affected
   thereby.

   As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, no options have been granted and outstanding under the
   Existing Share Option Scheme.

31. CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
   The Company manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a
   going concern while maximising the return to shareholders through the optimisation of the debt and
   equity balance. The Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from prior year.

   The capital structure of the Group consists of debt, which includes the bank borrowings and lease
   liabilities, net of cash and cash equivalents and equity attributable to owners of the Company,
   comprising share capital and reserves.

   The Directors review the capital structure from time to time. As part of this review, the Directors
   consider the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. Based on
   recommendations of the Directors, the Group will balance its overall capital structure through the
   payment of dividends, the issue of new shares, new debt or the redemption of existing debts.




                                                                 HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                     109
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


For the year ended 31 December 2025
31. CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
      The gearing ratio at the end of reporting period was as follows:

                                                                                        2025               2024
                                                                                     HK$’000            HK$’000


      Bank borrowings                                                                    8,348            12,730
      Lease liabilities                                                                  3,886             3,696

      Debt                                                                              12,234            16,426


      Equity                                                                          748,458           646,972


      Debt to equity ratio                                                              1.63%             2.54%

32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
      (a)      Categories of financial assets and liabilities
                                                                                        2025               2024
                                                                                     HK$’000            HK$’000


               Financial assets
               Debt instruments at FVTOCI                                                 910               889
               Financial asset at FVTPL                                                 3,294             3,251
               Financial assets at amortised cost                                     538,234           477,350

                                                                                      542,438           481,490


               Financial liabilities
               Financial liabilities at amortised cost                                  64,962            75,751

      (b)      Financial risk management objectives and policies
               The Group’s major financial instruments include debt instruments at FVTOCI, financial asset
               at FVTPL, trade receivables, deposits and other receivables, pledged bank deposits,
               restricted bank deposits, bank balances and cash, trade and other payables, lease liabilities
               and bank borrowings. Details of these financial instruments are disclosed in the respective
               notes. The risks associated with these financial instruments include market risk (currency risk
               and interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The policies on how to mitigate these risks
               are set out below. The Directors manage and monitor these exposures to ensure appropriate
               measures are implemented on a timely and effective manner.




      HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
110   Annual Report 2025
                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025
32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
    (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
          Market risks
          The Group’s activities expose it primarily to the financial risks of changes in interest rates,
          foreign currency exchange rates and liquidity. Details of each type of market risks are
          described as follows:

          (i)   Interest rate risk
                The Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to its fixed-rate debt
                instruments at FVTOCI and secured bank borrowings.

                The Group is exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-rate bank
                balances, pledged bank deposits and secured bank borrowings. The Group currently
                does not enter into any hedging instrument for cash flow interest rate risk. The Group
                monitors interest rate risk exposure and will consider hedging significant interest rate
                risk should the need arises.

                Sensitivity analysis
                The sensitivity analysis below has been determined based on the exposure to
                variable-rate interest rates for bank balances, pledged bank deposits and secured
                bank borrowings at the end of the reporting period. The analysis is prepared assuming
                amounts of these financial instruments outstanding at the end of the reporting period
                were outstanding for the whole year. A 50 basis points increase or decrease represents
                management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change in interest rates.

                If interest rates had been 50 basis points (2024: 50 basis points) higher/lower for
                variable rate bank balances and pledged bank deposits, with all other variables held
                constant, the Group’s profit for the year ended 31 December 2025 would increase/
                decrease by HK$817,000 (2024: HK$1,280,000).




                                                                  HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                 Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                      111
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


For the year ended 31 December 2025

32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Market risks (Continued)
            (i)    Interest rate risk (Continued)
                   Sensitivity analysis (Continued)
                   If interest rates had been 50 basis points (2024: 50 basis points) higher/lower for
                   variable rate bank borrowings, with all other variables held constant, the Group’s profit
                   for the year ended 31 December 2025 would decrease/increase by HK$33,000 (2024:
                   HK$51,000).

                   No sensitivity analysis for the decrease in interest rate of financial assets at FVTOCI
                   and FVTPL are presented as the impact is insignificant as at 31 December 2025 and
                   2024.

            (ii)   Foreign currency risk
                   Certain transactions of the Group are denominated in foreign currencies which are
                   different from the functional currency of the respective relevant entities. The Group is
                   mainly exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from transactions that are
                   denominated in HK$ and VND. The Group currently does not have a foreign currency
                   hedging policy. However, the management manages its foreign currency risk by closely
                   monitoring the movement of the foreign currency rates and considering hedging
                   significant foreign currency exposure should the need arises.

                   The carrying amounts of the foreign currency denominated monetary assets and
                   liabilities at the reporting period are as follows:

                                                           Assets                     Liabilities
                                                         2025        2024            2025          2024
                                                      HK$’000     HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000


                   The Group
                   HK$                                  4,917          3,274         4,274          4,213
                   VND                                  2,017          2,701        28,083         30,560
                   AUD                                      7              7             –              –
                   SG$                                    625            458             –              –
                   EUR                                     19              3             –             34
                   GBP                                     47             46           141             22
                   JPY                                      3              9             –              –
                   CNY                                      –              5             –              –




      HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
112   Annual Report 2025
                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025
32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
    (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
          Market risks (Continued)
          (ii)   Foreign currency risk (Continued)
                 Sensitivity analysis
                 The Group is mainly exposed to the effects of fluctuations in US$ against VND and
                 HK$.

                 As HK$ is pegged to US$, the exposures to fluctuations in exchange rate of US$
                 against HK$ are considered insignificant and are not considered in the sensitivity
                 analysis.

                 The following table details the Group’s sensitivity to a 5% increase and decrease in the
                 entity’s respective functional currency against VND, excluding HK$. 5% is the
                 sensitivity rate used when reporting foreign currency risk internally to key management
                 personnel and represents the Directors’ assessment of the reasonably possible change
                 in foreign exchange rate. The sensitivity analysis includes outstanding foreign currency
                 denominated monetary items and adjusts their translation at the end of the reporting
                 period for a 5% change in foreign currency rate. A positive/(negative) number below
                 indicates increase/(decrease) in profit for the years ended 31 December 2025 and
                 2024 where US$ strengthens against the relevant currency. For a 5% weakening of
                 US$ against the relevant currency, there would be an equal and opposite impact on
                 the results for the year.

                                                                                2025             2024
                                                                             HK$’000          HK$’000


                 Profit for the year
                 – VND                                                          1,043             1,114




                                                                  HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                 Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                      113
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


For the year ended 31 December 2025
32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Market risks (Continued)
            (iii)   Liquidity risk
                    In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash
                    and cash equivalents as well as undrawn banking facilities deemed adequate by the
                    management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate the effects of fluctuations in
                    cash flows. The management of the Group monitors the utilisation of bank borrowings.

                    As disclosed in note 25, the Group has entered into certain supplier finance
                    arrangements with banks, under which the Group obtained extended credit in respect
                    of the invoice amounts owed to certain suppliers. This results in the Group being
                    required to settle a larger amount with a single counterparty, rather than smaller
                    amounts with several counterparties. However, the amounts of payable subject to the
                    arrangements are limited.

                    The following table details the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its financial
                    liabilities and lease liabilities. The table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted
                    cash flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group can be
                    required to pay. Specifically, bank loans with a repayment on demand clause are
                    included in the earliest time band regardless of the probability of the banks choosing to
                    exercise their rights. The maturity dates for other non-derivative financial liabilities are
                    based on the agreed repayment dates. The table includes both interest and principal
                    cash flows. To the extent that interest flows are variable rate, the undiscounted amount
                    is derived from weighted average interest rate at the end of the reporting period.

                                               Repayable on                                    Total
                                                demand/less        1 to         2 to   undiscounted    Carrying
                                                 than 1 year    2 years      5 years     cash flows    amounts
                                                    HK$’000    HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000    HK$’000

                    At 31 December 2025
                    Trade and other payables         52,724          –            –          52,724      52,724
                    Bank borrowings                   5,527      2,351        1,097           8,975       8,348
                    Lease liabilities                 3,152        616          343           4,111       3,886

                                                     61,403      2,967        1,440          65,810      64,958

                    At 31 December 2024
                    Trade and other payables         59,325          –            –          59,325      59,325
                    Bank borrowings                   5,770      4,664        3,541          13,975      12,730
                    Lease liabilities                 1,853      1,557          645           4,055       3,696

                                                     66,948      6,221        4,186          77,355      75,751




      HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
114   Annual Report 2025
                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025
32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
    (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
          Credit risks and impairment provision
          As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk which will
          cause a financial loss to the Group due to failure to discharge an obligation by the
          counterparties is arising from the carrying amount of respective financial assets as stated in
          the consolidated statement of financial position. The Group does not hold any collateral or
          other credit enhancements to cover its credit risks associated with its financial assets.

          Trade receivables from sale of candle products
          In respect of trade receivables from sale of candle products, individual credit evaluations are
          performed on all customers requiring credit over a certain amount. These evaluations focus
          on the customer’s credit rating, past history of making payments when due and current
          ability to pay, and take into account information specific to the customers as well as
          pertaining to the economic environment in which the customers operate. In addition, the
          Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on trade balances individually. In
          this regard, the Directors consider that the Group’s credit risk is significantly reduced.

          The Group’s exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the individual characteristics of
          each customer. The default risk of the industry and country in which customers operate also
          has an influence on credit risk but to a lesser extent. At the end of reporting period, the
          Group has a certain concentration of credit risk as 72% (2024: 91%) of the total trade
          receivables was due from the Group’s five largest customers.




                                                                 HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                     115
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


For the year ended 31 December 2025
32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            Credit risks and impairment provision (Continued)
            Other receivables, pledged bank deposits and bank balances and cash
            The Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on deposits and other
            receivables, pledged bank deposits and bank balances and cash based on 12m ECL.

            The credit risk on other receivables is limited because the counterparties have no historical
            default record and the directors expect that the general economic conditions will not
            significantly change for the 12 months after the reporting date. Accordingly, no impairment
            loss allowance is recognised for other receivables.

            The credit risk on pledged bank deposits and bank balances and cash is limited because the
            counterparties are banks with high credit ratings assigned by international credit-rating
            agencies. Accordingly, no impairment loss allowance is recognised for pledged bank
            deposits and bank balances and cash.

            The tables below detail the credit risk exposures of the Group’s financial assets which are
            subject to ECL assessment:

                                                12-month or
                                          Notes lifetime ECL             Gross carrying amount
                                                                              2025            2024
                                                                           HK$’000         HK$’000


            Financial assets at
              amortised cost
            Trade receivables from sale
              of candle products           20    Lifetime ECL               129,983            133,363
            Deposits and other
              receivables                  20    12m ECL                      1,981              2,279
            Pledged bank deposits          21    12m ECL                     18,359             18,297
            Bank balances and cash         21    12m ECL                    405,645            326,225

            Other item
            Debt instruments at FVTOCI     17    12m ECL                         910               889




      HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
116   Annual Report 2025
                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2025
32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
    (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
          Credit risks and impairment provision (Continued)
          Other receivables, pledged bank deposits and bank balances and cash (Continued)
          Note:

          For trade receivables from sale of candle products, the Group has applied the simplified approach in
          HKFRS 9 to measure the loss allowance at lifetime ECL.

          Trade receivables have been assessed individually for debtors by considering the external credit rating
          of debtors based on the countries and industries in which the Group’s trade debtors operate, taking
          into consideration forward-looking information includes future prospects of the economies in which the
          Group’s debtors operate.

          As at 31 December 2025, the ECL rates for non-default trade receivables ranged from 0.00% to 1.59%
          (2024: 0.00% to 0.98%) and the ECL rates for default trade receivables of 53.15% (2024: 53.26%) are
          estimated based on observed default rates of the debtors from external sources of information and are
          adjusted for forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.

          During the year ended 31 December 2025, impairment loss on trade receivables, net of reversal of
          HK$15,337,000 (2024: HK$64,000) from sale of candle products is recognised to profit or loss.

    (c)   Fair value measurements of financial instruments
          This note provides information about how the Group determines fair values of various
          financial assets.

          The Directors consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities
          measured at amortised cost (excluding lease liabilities) in the consolidated financial
          statements approximate their fair values.




                                                                      HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                     Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                            117
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


For the year ended 31 December 2025
32. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (c)   Fair value measurements of financial instruments (Continued)
            Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a
            recurring basis
            Some of the Group’s financial assets are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting
            period. The following table gives information about how the fair values of these financial
            assets are determined (in particular, the valuation technique(s) and inputs used) as well as
            the level of the fair value hierarchy into which the fair value measurements are categorised
            (levels 1 to 3) based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements is
            observable.

                                      Fair value as at
                                                                              Valuation               Relationship of
                                 31 December   31 December       Fair value   technique and           unobservable inputs
                                        2025          2024       hierarchy    key inputs              to fair value
                                     HK$’000       HK$’000

            Debt instruments             910              889       Level 3   Based on the             A slight increase in
              at FVTOCI                                                         reference prices of      discount rate used
              (Note 17)                                                         respective unlisted      would result in
                                                                                bonds provided by        significant decrease
                                                                                financial institution    in fair value
                                                                                which is reflecting      measurement to the
                                                                                the credit risk of the   unlisted bonds
                                                                                issuers.                 investments and vice
                                                                                                         versa.
            Financial asset at         3,294             3,251      Level 3   Based on the cash        Higher the cash
               FVTPL                                                            surrender value in       surrender value,
               (Note 18)                                                        accordance with the      higher the fair value
                                                                                keyman insurance         of the keyman
                                                                                contract which is not insurance contract.
                                                                                an observable input.

            Note: There were no transfers into or out of level 3 during the years ended 31 December 2025 and
                  2024.

            Reconciliation of level 3 instruments:

                                                                                               2025                 2024
                                                                                            HK$’000              HK$’000


            Opening balance                                                                     4,140                4,086
            Fair value change recognised in other comprehensive
              income                                                                                21                  (32)
            Fair value change recognised in profit or loss                                          43                   86

            Closing balance                                                                     4,204                4,140




      HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
118   Annual Report 2025
                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2025
33. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

                                                                                 2025             2024
                                                                              HK$’000          HK$’000


   Capital expenditure of contracted for but not provided in the
    consolidated financial statements in respect of:
    – acquisition of property, plant and equipment                               2,573           12,959
    – renovation of existing production facilities                                 903            7,017

                                                                                 3,476           19,976

34. RETIREMENT BENEFIT SCHEMES

                                                                                 2025             2024
                                                                              HK$’000          HK$’000


   Contributions made during the year                                           14,292           14,275

   The employees of the Group’s subsidiary in Vietnam are members of a state-managed retirement
   benefit scheme operated by the local government. The subsidiary is required to contribute 5% of
   the relevant payroll costs to those staff employed before 2009 (details in Note 27) and a specified
   percentage of their payroll costs to the retirement benefit scheme to fund the benefits. The only
   obligation of the Group’s subsidiary in Vietnam with respect to the retirement benefit scheme is to
   make the specified contributions. The total contribution to the state-managed retirement benefit
   scheme and charged to profit or loss amounted to HK$14,019,000 for the year ended 31
   December 2025 (2024: HK$14,001,000).

   The Group operates a scheme under Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (the “MPF Scheme”)
   established under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance in December 2000 for the
   Group’s Hong Kong employees. The assets of the MPF Scheme are held separately from those of
   the Group, in funds under the control of trustees. For employees who are members of the MPF
   Scheme, the Group contributes 5% of relevant payroll costs to the scheme subject to a maximum
   of HK$1,500 per month, which contribution is matched by the employee. The total contribution to
   MPF Scheme and charged to profit or loss amounted to HK$273,000 for the year ended 31
   December 2025 (2024: HK$273,000).




                                                                   HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                  Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                       119
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


For the year ended 31 December 2025
35. RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES
      Compensation of key management personnel
      The Directors were considered to be the key management personnel of the Company. The
      remuneration of the Directors is set out in Note 12.

36. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES

                                Place and date of
                                Incorporation/        Issued and fully
                                form of business      paid ordinary      Equity attributable
      Name of subsidiary        structure             share capital       to the Company           Principal activities
                                                                            2025          2024


      Directly held:
        Fleming International   BVI                   Ordinary shares      100%           100%     Investment holding,
                                 5 July 2017            US$100                                       BVI
                                 Limited liability
                                 company

      Indirectly held:
        Fleming Hong Kong       Hong Kong             Ordinary shares      100%           100%     Trading of candle
                                 29 June 1993           HK$19,000,858                                products and
                                 Limited liability                                                   investment holding,
                                 company                                                             Hong Kong

        Fleming Vietnam         Vietnam               Ordinary shares      100%           100%     Design, manufacture
                                  12 October 2004       US$3,300,000                                 and trading of
                                  Limited liability                                                  candle products,
                                  company                                                            Vietnam

        Success Glory           BVI                   Ordinary shares      100%           100%     Investment holding,
          Worldwide Limited      2 March 2004           US$5,000                                     BVI
                                 Limited liability
                                 company

        Fleming International   Singapore             Ordinary shares      100%           100%     Dormant, Singapore
          Singapore               25 January 2019       SG$2
          Pte. Limited            Limited liability
                                  company

        The                     USA                   Ordinary shares      100%                –   Design, manufacture
          Wax Atelier, INC.      22 July 2025           US$10                                        and trading of
                                 Limited liability                                                   candle products,
                                 company                                                             USA




      HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
120   Annual Report 2025
                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2025
37. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOW
   Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
                                                          Bank              Lease
                                                     borrowings         liabilities         Total
                                                        HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000


   At 1 January 2024                                       15,007           3,356           18,363

   Financing cash flows:
   New bank borrowings raised                               5,522                –            5,522
   Repayment of bank borrowings/lease liabilities         (22,761)          (3,027)         (25,788)
   Interest paid                                          (11,590)            (179)         (11,769)

   Total changes from cash flows                          (28,829)          (3,206)         (32,035)

   Non-cash changes:
   Bank loans arising from supplier finance
      arrangement (Note 25)                                14,962               –           14,962
   Lease addition (Note (i))                                    –           1,059            1,059
   Lease modification (Note (ii))                               –           2,308            2,308
   Interest expense                                        11,590             179           11,769

   Total non-cash changes                                  26,552           3,546           30,098

   At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                  12,730           3,696           16,426

   Financing cash flows:
   New bank borrowings raised                               1,862                –            1,862
   Repayment of bank borrowings/lease liabilities         (61,978)          (3,308)         (65,286)
   Interest paid                                          (10,693)            (297)         (10,990)

   Total changes from cash flows                          (70,809)          (3,605)         (74,414)

   Non-cash changes:
   Bank loans arising from supplier finance
      arrangement (Note 25)                                55,734               –           55,734
   Lease modification (Note (iii))                              –           3,498            3,498
   Interest expense                                        10,693             297           10,990

   Total non-cash changes                                  66,427           3,795           70,222

   At 31 December 2025                                      8,348           3,886           12,234




                                                              HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                             Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                  121
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


For the year ended 31 December 2025
37. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOW (Continued)
      Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities (Continued)
      Notes:

      (i)      During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group had non-cash additions to right-of-use assets
               and lease liabilities of HK$1,059,000 and HK$1,059,000, respectively, in respect of the lease addition
               of a motor vehicle.

      (ii)     During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group had non-cash additions to right-of-use assets
               and lease liabilities of HK$2,308,000 and HK$2,308,000, respectively, in respect of the lease
               modification for office premises.

      (iii)    During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group had non-cash additions to right-of-use assets
               and lease liabilities of HK$3,498,000 and HK$3,498,000, respectively, in respect of the lease
               modification for directors’ quarters.




      HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
122   Annual Report 2025
                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)


                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2025
38. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
   Information about the statement of financial position of the Company at the end of the reporting
   period includes:

                                                                                    2025              2024
                                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000

   Non-current assets
   Investment in a subsidiary                                                      45,435            45,435

                                                                                   45,435            45,435

   Current assets
   Prepayments                                                                        265               266
   Cash and cash equivalents                                                        1,411             1,409

                                                                                    1,676             1,675

   Current liabilities
   Amount due to subsidiaries                                                      17,197            13,969
   Accrued expenses                                                                   980             1,009

                                                                                   18,177            14,978

   Net current liabilities                                                        (16,501)          (13,303)

   Total assets less current liabilities                                           28,934            32,132

   Equity
   Share capital                                                                    9,185             9,185
   Reserves (Note)                                                                 19,749            22,947

   Total equity                                                                    28,934            32,132

   Note:

                                                Share            Special     Accumulated
                                             premium            reserve*          losses              Total
                                              HK$’000           HK$’000          HK$’000            HK$’000

   On 1 January 2024                            54,954            45,434           (43,507)          56,881
   Shares repurchased and cancelled
     (note 29)                                 (28,185)                –                 –           (28,185)
   Loss for the year                                 –                 –            (5,749)            (5,749)

   At 31 December 2024 and
     1 January 2025                             26,769            45,434           (49,256)          22,947
   Loss for the year                                 –                 –             (3,198)         (3,198)

   At 31 December 2025                          26,769            45,434           (52,454)          19,749

   *       Special reserve represents the difference between the nominal amount of the share capital issued by
           the Company and the net assets value of a subsidiary by the Company pursuant to the Group
           Reorganisation in preparation for the listing of the Company’s shares on GEM of The Stock Exchange
           of Hong Kong Limited.



                                                                     HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                    Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                          123
FINANCIAL SUMMARY


A summary of the results and consolidated of assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial
years, extracted from the published financial statements in annual reports and the Prospectus of the
Company dated 29 June 2018, is as follows:

RESULTS
                                                     For the year ended 31 December
                                          2025          2024           2023           2022          2021
                                       HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000


Revenue                                 898,108       909,449       866,251        684,947        815,143

Profit before income tax expense        124,512       202,822        134,960         89,498       129,790
Income tax expense                      (23,047)      (31,388)       (32,674)       (16,440)      (23,579)

Profit for the year                     101,465       171,434       102,286         73,058        106,211



ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
                                                            As at 31 December
                                          2025          2024           2023           2022          2021
                                       HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000


Total assets                            861,149       796,787        686,918       501,320        482,983
Total liabilities                      (112,691)     (149,815)      (181,348)      (98,057)      (152,526)

Total equity                            748,458       646,972       505,570        403,263        330,457




       HYFUSIN GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
124    Annual Report 2025
