CHINA HONGGUANG HOLDINGS LIMITED
中國宏光控股有限公司
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
                                                              202 5
                                                              Annual Re por t
STOCK CODE: 8646
CHARACTERISTICS OF GEM OF THE STOCK EXCHANGE OF HONG KONG LIMITED (THE “STOCK EXCHANGE”)

GEM has been positioned as a market designed to accommodate small and mid-sized companies to which
a higher investment risk may be attached than other companies listed on the Stock Exchange. Prospective
investors should be aware of the potential risks of investing in such companies and should make the decision
to invest only after due and careful consideration.

Given that the companies listed on GEM are generally small and mid-sized companies, there is a risk that
securities traded on GEM may be more susceptible to high market volatility than securities traded on the Main
Board of the Stock Exchange and no assurance is given that there will be a liquid market in the securities
traded on GEM.

Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and the Stock Exchange take no responsibility for the contents of this report,
make no representation as to its accuracy or completeness and expressly disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss
howsoever arising from or in reliance upon the whole or any part of the contents of this report.

This report, for which the directors (collectively the “Directors” and individually a “Director”) of China Hongguang
Holdings Limited (the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries, collectively the “Group”) collectively and individually
accept full responsibility, includes particulars given in compliance with the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities
on GEM of the Stock Exchange (the “GEM Listing Rules”) for the purpose of giving information with regard to the
Company. The Directors, having made all reasonable enquiries, confirm that to the best of their knowledge and belief
the information contained in this report is accurate and complete in all material respects and not misleading or deceptive,
and there are no other matters the omission of which would make any statement herein or this report misleading.

This report will be available on the Company’s website www.hongguang.hk and will remain on the “Latest Listed
Company Information” page on the website of the Stock Exchange at www.hkexnews.hk for at least 7 days from the
date of its posting.
CONTENTS
                                                                          Page(s)

Corporate Information                                                          2

Chairman’s Statement                                                           4

Management Discussion and Analysis                                             5

Directors and Senior Management                                               11

Corporate Governance Report                                                   15

Directors’ Report                                                             30

Independent Auditor’s Report                                                  46

Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income       52

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                                  53

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                                   55

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                                          56

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                58

Financial Summary                                                            123
CORPORATE INFORMATION

EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. WEI Jiakun (Chief Executive Officer)      AUDITOR
Ms. LIN Weishan (Chairwoman)                  Prism Hong Kong Limited
Ms. LI Wanna                                  Certified Public Accountants
Mr. CHEN Biming (resigned on 11 July 2024)    Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
                                              1903-05, 19/F,
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE                     8 Observatory Road,
DIRECTORS                                     Tsim Sha Tsui,
Ms. MAO Shue (appointed on 25 March 2025)     Kowloon, Hong Kong
Mr. JIA Xiaogang
Mr. WU Yong                                   REGISTERED OFFICE
Ms. CHEN Xiuyan (resigned on 25 March 2025)   Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
                                              PO Box 2681
AUDIT COMMITTEE                               Grand Cayman, KY1-1111
Ms. MAO Shue (Chairwoman)                     Cayman Islands
 (appointed on 25 March 2025)
Mr. JIA Xiaogang                              HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF
Mr. WU Yong                                   BUSINESS IN THE PRC
Ms. CHEN Xiuyan (Chairwoman)                  Eastside of Middle of Rongchi Road
 (resigned on 25 March 2025)                  Xianqiao, Rongcheng, Jieyang
                                              Guangdong, the PRC
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
Mr. WU Yong (Chairman)                        PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG
Ms. MAO Shue (appointed on 25 March 2025)     KONG
Mr. JIA Xiaogang                              Room 1202, 1204–06, 12th Floor
Ms. CHEN Xiuyan (resigned on 25 March 2025)   The Chinese Bank Building
                                              61 Des Voeux Road Central
NOMINATION COMMITTEE                          Central, Hong Kong
Mr. JIA Xiaogang (Chairman)
Ms. MAO Shue (appointed on 25 March 2025)     PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
Mr. WU Yong                                   TRANSFER OFFICE
Ms. CHEN Xiuyan (resigned on 25 March 2025)   Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited
                                              Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES                     PO Box 2681
Ms. LUI Mei Ka                                Grand Cayman, KY1-1111
Mr. WENG Weilin                               Cayman Islands


AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES                    HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE
Mr. WEI Jiakun                                REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE
Mr. WENG Weilin                               Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
                                              17M Floor
COMPLIANCE OFFICER                            Hopewell Centre
Mr. WEI Jiakun                                183 Queen’s Road East
                                              Wan Chai, Hong Kong




     China Hongguang Holdings Limited
2    Annual Report 2025
                                          CORPORATE INFORMATION




PRINCIPAL BANKERS
Agricultural Bank of China Limited
Jieyang Branch
Middle Section of Meiyang Road
Dongshan, Rongcheng
Jieyang, Guangdong
the PRC

Bank of China Limited
Jieyang Branch
Linjiang North Road North
Xiaocui Road East, Dongshan
Rongcheng
Jieyang, Guangdong
the PRC

DBS Bank (Hong Kong) Limited
11th Floor, The Center
99 Queen’s Road Central
Central, Hong Kong

STOCK CODE
8646

COMPANY WEBSITE ADDRESS
www.hongguang.hk




                                     China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                   Annual Report 2025   3
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


Dear shareholders,

On behalf of the board of directors (the “Board”), I am pleased to present the annual results report of China Hongguang
Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries (collectively, “China Hongguang” or the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December
2025.

The Group primarily engages in the production and sales of glass products in Southern China. In recent years, leveraging
our technological advancements, particularly in coating technologies, the Group has been actively transforming
its business. Our coated glass products, including ITO conductive glass manufactured through our fully automated
magnetron sputtering production lines, have been increasingly applied in the broader optoelectronic sector, such as
mobile consumer electronics, display technologies, optical lenses and automotive applications. This transition marks a
strategic shift towards higher value-added segments with stronger and more diversified market demand. The goal of our
future development is to strengthen our market position in these emerging sectors and to expand our domestic market
share to capture future growth opportunities.

The listing of shares of China Hongguang on GEM of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”)
on 13 January 2020 marked an important milestone in the development of the Group. Funds raised from the public
offer and placing of the shares of the Company have supported, and will continue to support, the Group’s strategic
transformation and technological upgrade. The Group has been proactively deploying resources to capture the significant
development potential of the optoelectronic and related industries.

We remain cautiously optimistic that the economy of mainland China will gradually recover and regain growth
momentum in 2026, which is expected to provide a more favourable environment for the Group’s continued
development.

The Group will continue to explore suitable acquisition and investment opportunities to enhance the value of China
Hongguang, strengthen the Group’s resilience and diversify its business portfolio, thereby creating new growth drivers
for sustainable development.

Lastly, on behalf of the Board and the management of the Group, I would like to thank all employees for their dedicated
efforts during the year, and our shareholders for their unwavering support I would also like to extend my sincere
appreciation to our investors, customers, suppliers and business partners for their continued trust and support.




LIN Weishan
Chairwoman and Executive Director

31 March 2026




       China Hongguang Holdings Limited
4      Annual Report 2025
                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


INTRODUCTION

The Group primarily engages in the manufacture and sale of glass products, including energy-efficient safety glass
products and smart glass product in Southern China, under our own brand “Hongguang”. Our energy- efficient safety
glass products include coated glass, insulating glass, laminated glass and tempered glass; and our smart glass product is
mainly dimming glass.

In recent years, leveraging our technological advancements, particularly in coating technologies, the Group has been
actively transforming its business. Our coated glass products, including ITO conductive glass manufactured through our
fully automated magnetron sputtering production lines, have been increasingly applied in the broader optoelectronic
sector, such as mobile consumer electronics, display technologies, optical lenses and automotive applications. This
transition marks a strategic shift towards higher value-added segments with stronger and more diversified market
demand. The goal of our future development is to strengthen our market position in these emerging sectors and to
expand our domestic market share to capture future growth opportunities.

BUSINESS REVIEW

The Board hereby presents the Group’s audited consolidated financial results for the year ended 31 December 2025,
together with the comparative audited figures for the corresponding year ended 31 December 2024.

FINANCIAL REVIEW

Revenue

Our revenue is generated from the sales of the following product categories: (1) energy-efficient safety glass products;
and (2) smart glass product.

The table below sets forth the breakdown of the Group’s revenue by product category:

                                                               2025                                2024
                                                         RMB’000                  %          RMB’000                  %

Sales of energy-efficient safety glass products           237,353             97.85           219,979              90.82
Sales of smart glass products                               5,226              2.15            22,224               9.18


                                                          242,579            100.00           242,203            100.00


For the year ended 31 December 2025, revenue arising from energy-efficient safety glass products amounted to
RMB237,353 thousand (2024: RMB219,979 thousand), representing 97.85% (2024: 90.82%) of our total revenue.

For the year ended 31 December 2025, revenue arising from smart glass product amounted to RMB5,226 thousand (2024:
RMB22,224 thousand).

The Group’s total revenue increased 0.16% from RMB242,203 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2024 to
RMB242,579 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2025.




                                                                              China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                            Annual Report 2025        5
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Gross profit and gross profit margin

Our gross profit increased from RMB63,116 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2024 to RMB74,014 thousand
for the year ended 31 December 2025. The increase was mainly due to the decrease in total cost of sales for the year.
Our gross profit margin increased from 26.1% for the year ended 31 December 2024 to 30.5% for the year ended 31
December 2025. The increase was mainly due to the decrease in the prices of raw materials purchased. The table below
sets forth the breakdown of our gross profit and gross profit margin by product category for the periods indicated:

                                                             2025                               2024
                                                       RMB’000                 %          RMB’000                 %

Sales of energy-efficient safety glass products          72,321              30.5           56,230              25.6
Sales of smart glass products                             1,693              32.4            6,886              31.0


Total gross profit/gross profit margin                   74,014              30.5           63,116              26.1


Other net income

The Group’s other net income decreased from RMB6,185 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2024 to RMB2,773
thousand for the year ended 31 December 2025, which was mainly due to the decrease in government grants from
RMB5,813 thousand in 2024 to RMB1,962 thousand in 2025.

Cost of sales

The Group’s cost of sales decreased from RMB179,087 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2024 to RMB168,565
thousand for the year ended 31 December 2025.

Sales and marketing expense

The Group’s sales and marketing expense decreased from RMB563 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2024 to
RMB453 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2025.

General and administrative expense

The Group’s general and administrative expense largely decreased from RMB40,987 thousand for the year ended 31
December 2024 to RMB7,451 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2025 which was mainly due to the reversal of
impairment losses on trade and bill and other receivables.

Finance costs

The Group’s finance costs decreased from RMB4,126 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2024 to RMB3,146
thousand for the year ended 31 December 2025, which was mainly due to the decrease of interest on other borrowings.




       China Hongguang Holdings Limited
6      Annual Report 2025
                                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Staff costs

The Group’s staff costs decreased from RMB6,049 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2024 to RMB5,258
thousand for the year ended 31 December 2025, which was mainly due to a reduction in headcount.

Income tax expense

The Group’s income tax expense increased from RMB2,484 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2024 to
RMB8,697 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2025 which was mainly due to Jieyang Hongguang Coated Glass
Co., Ltd.* (揭陽市宏光鍍膜玻璃有限公司), our indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, recording a stronger gross profit than
last year, and having a higher income tax than last year.

Profit for the year

Due to the above factors, the profit after tax for the year of the Group was RMB57,040 thousand for the year ended 31
December 2025, representing an increase of approximately 169.8% from the profit after tax for the year of RMB21,141
thousand for the corresponding period in 2024 mainly due to the decrease in expenses.

Human resources and remuneration policies

As at 31 December 2025, the Group employed a total of 50 full-time employees. For the year ended 31 December 2025,
the Group’s staff costs, including contributions to the defined contribution retirement scheme, salaries, wages and other
benefits, amounted to approximately RMB5,258 thousand.

Liquidity and financial resources

The credit risk of the Group mainly arises from trade receivables. To minimize our credit risk, the management of the
Group reviews the recoverable amount of each individual trade debt at the end of each reporting period to ensure that
adequate impairment losses are made for unrecoverable amounts. In this regard, the Directors consider that the Group’s
credit risk is significantly reduced.

As at 31 December 2025, the current ratio of the Group was 5.0, compared with 3.29 as at 31 December 2024. The
cash and cash equivalents of the Group in aggregate amounted to RMB34,605 thousand as at 31 December 2025 (2024:
RMB2,528 thousand).

For the year ended 31 December 2025, the bank loans of the Group amounted to RMB50,627 thousand (2024:
RMB63,474 thousand), other borrowings amounted to RMB1,837 thousand (2024: RMB9,092 thousand) and the Group
did not experience any withdrawal of facilities, default in payment of trade and other payables, bank loans and other
borrowings or breach of financial covenants.

Material investments

For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group did not acquire or hold any significant investment (2024: Nil).




*   For identification purpose only


                                                                              China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                            Annual Report 2025        7
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Material acquisitions/disposals

On 13 April 2021, the Company entered into the equity sale and purchase Agreement (the “Equity Sale and Purchase
Agreement”) with Ming Liang Global Limited (“Ming Liang Global”), the immediate holding company of the Group,
pursuant to which the Company has agreed conditionally to acquire, and Ming Liang Global has agreed conditionally
to sell, the 100% of the issued share capital of a newly incorporated company which holds the entire equity interest in
Guangdong Longjian Engineering Co., Ltd.

On 12 May 2022, the Company entered into a termination agreement with Ming Liang Global (the “Termination
Agreement”), pursuant to which the Company and Ming Liang Global mutually agreed to terminate the Equity Sale and
Purchase Agreement. For details, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated 13 April 2021 and 12 May 2022.

Except as disclosed above, the Group did not have any material acquisitions/disposals of subsidiaries and associated
companies for the year ended 31 December 2024 and 2023.

Capital injection

On 29 December 2023, Hongguang Glass, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into the Capital
Injection and Share Expansion Agreement with the Xuanyu Haocheng Existing Shareholders. Pursuant to the Agreement,
Hongguang Glass will acquire 5% equity interest in Xuanyu Haocheng by making a contribution in kind. For details,
please refer to the Company’s announcements dated 29 December 2023.

Foreign exchange risk

The principal activities of the Group are conducted in the PRC, and the transactions of the Group is primarily
denominated in RMB. The Group does not have any foreign currency hedging policies. However, the management
monitors our foreign exchange risk and will consider hedging significant foreign currency exposure should the need arise.
As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group does not have any outstanding instruments for hedging purposes.

Principal risks and uncertainties faced by the Company

Principal risks and uncertainties faced by the Company in achieving its business objectives, and the solutions adopted by
the Group are as follows:

Impact of local and international regulations

The business operation of the Group is subject to government policies and relevant regulations and guidelines imposed
by regulatory authorities. Failure to comply with the rules and requirements may lead to penalties, amendments or
suspension of the Group’s business operation by the authorities. The Group closely monitors changes in government
policies, regulations and the market, and conducts research to assess the impact brought by these changes.




       China Hongguang Holdings Limited
8      Annual Report 2025
                                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Pledge of assets

The property, plant and equipment of the Group are located in the PRC.

For the year ended 31 December 2025, property, plant and equipment with net book values of RMB87 thousand (2024:
RMB87 thousand) were pledged as security to obtain bank loans of RMB31,822 thousand (2024: RMB37,200 thousand).

At the end of the reporting period, property, plant and equipment with net book value of RMB15,160 thousand (2024:
RMB17,640 thousand) were pledged under sale and leaseback arrangement.

Future plans for material investments or capital assets

As at 31 December 2025, the Group did not have plans for material investments and capital assets.

Contingent liabilities

As at 31 December 2025, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities (2024: Nil).

Capital structure

The shares of the Company were successfully listed on GEM of the Stock Exchange on 13 January 2020. There has been
no change in the capital structure of the Group since the listing of the shares of the Company on GEM of the Stock
Exchange. The share capital of the Group only comprises of ordinary shares.

Details of the movements during the year ended 31 December 2025 in the Company’s share capital are set out in note
23 to the consolidated financial statements.

Disclosures under Rules 17.22 to 17.24 of the GEM Listing Rules

As at 31 December 2025, there is no circumstance which would give rise to a disclosure obligation on the part of the
Group under Rules 17.22 to 17.24 of the GEM Listing Rules.

Outlook and prospects

For details, please refer to page 30 in the Directors’ Report herein.




                                                                              China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                            Annual Report 2025   9
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Capital commitment

As at 31 December 2025, the Group had certain outstanding capital commitments at a contracted amount of RMB24,459
(2024: Nil) for capital assets and an amount authorized but not contracted for of Nil (2024: RMB2,980 thousand).

Gearing ratio

As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s gearing ratio (total loans and borrowings/total equity) was 11.3%, compared with
21.2% as at 31 December 2024.

Dividend

The Directors do not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2025 (2024: Nil).




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
10 Annual Report 2025
                                   DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. WEI Jiakun (魏佳坤) (“Mr. Wei”), aged 46, was appointed as a Director of the Group on 25 May 2017. He was re-
designated as an Executive Director and appointed as the Chief Executive Officer of the Group on 27 May 2019. Mr. Wei is
the spouse of Ms. LIN Weishan, the Chairwoman and an Executive Director of the Group. He is primarily responsible for
overseeing the day-to-day operations and overall business strategy and planning of the Group.

After Mr. Wei’s graduation from Jiangxi Yuzhou Vocational College of Science and Technology* (江西渝州科技職業學院)
(now known as Jiangxi University of Engineering (江西工程學院)) in July 2004 where he completed his tertiary education
in business administration, he joined Jieyang Hongguang Coated Glass Co., Ltd. (“Hongguang Glass”), an indirect
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, in August 2004 as a deputy general manager, and was further promoted as
general manager in October 2006. Mr. Wei has approximately 21 years of experience in the glass processing industry.

Mr. Wei’s outstanding achievements as an entrepreneur have been recognised throughout the years. In December 2009,
Mr. Wei was awarded the “Guangdong Glass Industry Outstanding Entrepreneur”* (廣東玻璃行業優秀企業家) by the
Guangdong Glass Association (廣東省玻璃行業協會). In 2013, Mr. Wei was honoured as a “Guangdong Entrepreneur Of
Integrity”* (廣東省誠信企業家) and “Guangdong Outstanding Entrepreneur”* (廣東省優秀企業家) by the Guangdong
Economist Entrepreneurs Association* (廣東省經濟學家企業家聯誼會) and the Guangdong Entrepreneurs Council* (廣東
企業家理事會).

From August 2011 to July 2015, Mr. Wei also served as an executive council member for the Guangdong Glass Association
(廣東省玻璃行業協會). From November 2011 to October 2016, Mr. Wei served as a member of the standing committee
of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference (“CPPCC”) of the city of Jieyang* (政協廣東省揭陽市榕城
區委員會). In December 2016, Mr. Wei was appointed as an executive member of the Guangdong Vacuum Industry
Technology Innovation Alliance Council* (廣東省真空產業技術創新聯盟理事會), and a vice president of the executive
committee of the Jieyang Federation of Industry and Commerce (General Chamber of Commerce)* (揭陽市工商業聯合
會(總商會)). In January 2017, Mr. Wei was appointed as a representative of the sixth session of the People’s Congress of
the city of Jieyang* (揭陽市第六屆人民代表大會).

Mr. Wei was a supervisor of Dongguan City Hongcheng Glass Company Limited* (東莞市宏成玻璃有限公司) (“Hongcheng
Glass”), a company established in the PRC with limited liability, when it was dissolved on 11 May 2016 by deregistration.
According to Mr. Wei, Hongcheng Glass principally engaged in manufacture and sale of glasses prior to the dissolution.
Hongcheng Glass had no outstanding liabilities and had ceased to carry on business when it was dissolved. Mr. Wei
was also a director and shareholder of Jieyang City Haoming Glass Company Limited* (揭陽市昊明玻璃有限公司)
(“Haoming Glass”), a company established in the PRC with limited liability, when its dissolution was approved by the
relevant PRC authority on 9 August 2019. As confirmed by Mr. Wei, although the business scope of Haoming Glass was
the production and sales of glass products, it has never commenced any business operation since its establishment in
December 2003. Haoming Glass had no outstanding liabilities when it was dissolved. Mr. Wei confirmed that no claims
had been made against him and he was not aware of any threatened and potential claims made against him as a result
of the dissolution of the above companies.




                                                                              China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                            Annual Report 2025      11
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



Ms. LIN Weishan (林偉珊) (“Ms. Lin”), aged 46, was appointed as a Director of the Group on 25 May 2017. She was
re-designated as an Executive Director and appointed as the Chairwoman of the Group on 27 May 2019. Ms. Lin is the
spouse of Mr. WEI Jiakun, the Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Group. She is primarily responsible
for overseeing the human resources, administration and finance matters of the Group. Ms. Lin graduated from Jiangxi
Yuzhou Vocational College of Science and Technology* (江西渝州科技職業學院) (now known as Jiangxi University of
Engineering (江西工程學院)) in July 2005 where she completed her tertiary education in accounting.

Ms. Lin has approximately 20 years of experience in the glass processing industry. Ms. Lin joined Hongguang Glass as a
production coordinator in August 2005. In October 2007, she began working in the finance and accounting department
of the Group as a bookkeeper. In March 2010, Ms. Lin was promoted to the position of sales manager in the Group.
Since June 2011, Ms. Lin has been in charge of procurement of the Group. In January 2013, Ms. Lin was promoted to the
position of deputy general manager. Since then, she has been in charge of human resources, administration and finance
matters of the Group.

Ms. LI Wanna (李婉娜) (“Ms. Li”), aged 35, was appointed as an Executive Director of the Group on 27 May 2019.
She is primarily responsible for the procurement of raw materials and auxiliary materials for production operations of the
Group. In December 2017, Ms. Li completed a self-learning secretarial studies course at Wuhan Textile University* (武漢
紡織大學).

Ms. Li has over 16 years of experience in the glass processing industry. Ms. Li joined Hongguang Glass in February 2009
as a production coordinator until December 2013, and was mainly responsible for analysing the data of the Group. In
January 2014, Ms. Li was promoted to the position of procurement officer, and was in charge of procurement of raw
materials and auxiliary materials of the Group.

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Ms. MAO Shue (毛淑娥) (“Ms. Mao”), aged 60, was appointed was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive
Director of the Company on 25 March 2025. Ms. Mao is responsible for providing independent advice to the board
of directors, and is the chairwoman of the Audit Committee and a member of the Nomination Committee and the
Remuneration Committee of the Company.

Ms. Mao has approximately 34 years of experience in the accounting field. She has served as a financial executive in
various commercial and industrial enterprises in Mainland China and has also gained experience in credit business
operations at a state-owned bank in China. From 1986 to July 1988, Ms. Mao pursued a professional course in financial
accounting at Hunan Radio and Television University. In 1996, she was awarded the Certified Accountant qualification by
the Ministry of Finance of the People’s Republic of China.




       China Hongguang Holdings Limited
12 Annual Report 2025
                                                                    DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



Mr. JIA Xiaogang (賈小剛) (“Mr. Jia”), aged 69, was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the
Company on 13 January 2020. Mr. Jia is responsible for providing independent advice to the board of directors, and is
the chairman of the Nomination Committee and a member of the Audit Committee and the Remuneration Committee of
the Company. Mr. Jia completed his tertiary education in Chinese language and literature at Hunan Radio and Television
University* (湖南廣播電視大學) in July 1988.

Mr. Jia has extensive experience in the glass processing industry. He was employed at Zhuzhou Glass Factory* (株洲玻璃廠)
(now known as Zhuzhou Xinguangming Glass Company Limited* (株洲新光明玻璃有限公司)) from September 1988 to
December 1996. He joined the company in September 1988 and assumed various senior positions in the sales department
of the company. From January 1997 to November 2008, he was employed by and assumed various senior positions in
two other companies in the PRC engaging in glass manufacturing. He established a company called Zhuzhou Xinrun
Trading Company Limited* (株洲新潤貿易有限公司) in June 2010 and has been the director and legal representative of
the company since then. He was appointed as a deputy director of China Glass Circulation Chamber of Commerce* (中
國玻璃流通商會) in January 2016 and is currently serving as a consultant for the Guangdong Glass Circulation Chamber
of Commerce* (廣東省玻璃流通商會).

Mr. WU Yong (吳勇) (“Mr. Wu”), aged 55, was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company
on 13 January 2020. Mr. Wu is responsible for providing independent advice to the board of directors, and is the
chairman of the Remuneration Committee and a member of the Audit Committee and the Nomination Committee of
the Company. Mr. Wu obtained a master’s degree and a doctor’s degree in technical economics and management from
Hehai University (河海大學) in April 2006 and December 2008, respectively.

Mr. Wu has extensive experience and knowledge in business management and finance. Since July 2008, he has been
teaching at the School of Business of Nanjing Xiaozhuang University (南京曉莊學院商學院) and became a professor of
the university in July 2018. Mr. Wu is also a chairman of its labor union. Since December 2014, he has been an independent
director of Jiangsu Seven Continents Green Chemistry Company Limited* (江蘇七洲綠色化工股份有限公司), where he is
responsible for providing independent advice to the board of directors of the company. Mr. Wu obtained his bachelor’s
degree in geography education from Anhui Normal University (安徽師範大學) in July 1993. From September 1993 to July
2003, he had been a teacher and deputy director of academic affairs of Anhui Province Ma’anshan No. 4 High School* (安
徽省馬鞍山市第四中學).

SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. ZHENG Xubin (鄭旭斌) (“Mr. Zheng”), aged 49, is the deputy general manager of Hongguang Glass, and is
primarily responsible for the sales and marketing activities of the Group. He has over 20 years of experience in the glass
processing industry. He joined Hongguang Glass in March 2005 as an operation manager, and became production
manager in January 2011. Mr. Zheng was promoted to the position of deputy general manager in December 2013, and
was primarily responsible for overseeing the sales of the Group. Mr. Zheng studied computer application and graduated
from Guangzhou Township Enterprise Management Cadre College* (廣州市鄉鎮企業管理幹部學院) in July 1999.




                                                                               China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                             Annual Report 2025      13
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES

Mr. WENG Weilin (翁偉林) (“Mr. Weng”) was appointed as the joint company secretary of the Company on 27 May
2019. Mr. Weng obtained his bachelor’s degree in international business from Guangdong University of Foreign Studies*
(廣東外語外貿大學) in June 2009, and his master’s degree in business administration from Cheung Kong Graduate
School of Business (長江商學院) in September 2016. Mr. Weng joined the Group in February 2017 as an assistant to the
general manager and was primarily responsible for corporate compliance and corporate secretarial matters in the PRC.
Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Weng was employed as a sales executive in Shantou Institute of Ultrasonic Instruments
Company Limited* (汕頭市超聲儀器研究所有限公司) from July 2009 to September 2012. From December 2014 to
January 2017, Mr. Weng was appointed as deputy director of the chief executive’s office at Shantou Dinfer Group
Company Limited* (汕頭市鼎福集團有限公司).

Ms. LUI Mei Ka (雷美嘉) (“Ms. Lui”) was appointed as the joint company secretary of the Company on 24 May 2024.
Ms. Lui graduated from The Chinese University of Hong Kong with a degree in Bachelor of Business Administration and
is currently a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Since 27 September 2018, Ms. Lui
has been the chief financial officer and a joint company secretary of Feiyu Technology International Company Limited
(stock code: 1022), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange. Ms. Lui has also been an independent
non-executive director of China Tangshang Holdings Limited (stock code: 674), GoFintech Quantum Innovation Limited
(stock code: 290) and China Tontine Wines Group Limited (stock code: 389), companies listed on the Main Board of the
Stock Exchange, since 21 April 2017, 19 September 2023 and 1 October 2024 respectively. Ms. Lui has over 17 years of
experience in financial management and corporate finance. From October 2016 to July 2018, she was the chief financial
officer and company secretary of GR Life Style Company Limited (formerly known as GR Properties Limited) (stock code:
108), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange and which is engaged in property development and
investment. From March 2014 to May 2016, she was the company secretary and financial controller of LT Commercial
Real Estate Limited, a company previously listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange under the stock code 112,
which was engaged in property development and investment.

*    denotes the English translation of the name of a Chinese company or entity, or vice versa, and is provided for identification purposes only.




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
14 Annual Report 2025
                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Company is committed to promoting high standards of corporate governance through its continuous effort in
improving its corporate governance practices and process. The Board believes that sound and reasonable corporate
governance practices are essential for sustainable growth of the Group and for safeguarding the interests and the assets
of the Group.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

As the shares of the Company were listed on GEM of Stock Exchange on 13 January 2020 (the “Listing Date”). The
Company has adopted the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) contained in Appendix C1 to the Rules
Governing the Listing of Securities on GEM of the Stock Exchange (the “GEM Listing Rules”) as its own code of corporate
governance. The Directors consider that during the year ended 31 December 2025, save as the matter disclosed below,
the Company has complied with all applicable code provisions set out in the CG Code.

DIRECTORS’ SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

The Company has adopted the code of conduct for securities transactions by Directors on terms no less exacting than
the required standard of dealings as set out in Rules 5.48 to 5.67 of the GEM Listing Rules (the “Model Code”). The
Company had made specific enquiries with written guidelines in relation to the Model Code to all Directors and all
Directors have confirmed that they complied with the required standards set out in the Model Code during the year
ended 31 December 2025.

BUSINESS MODEL AND STRATEGY

The Group has the mission to provide the best quality of glass products, and maintain product safety. The Board and
the management have played and will continue to play a proactive role in the Group’s development of business strategy
to preserve the culture of the Group in improving the product quality and safety. During the meetings of the Board
and top management of the Group, strategic priorities and business options were discussed and followed up on the
implementation status to achieve the mission of the Group.

THE BOARD

During the year, the Board comprised the following Directors:

Executive Directors

Mr. WEI Jiakun (Chief Executive Officer)
Ms. LIN Weishan (Chairwoman)
Ms. LI Wanna

Independent Non-Executive Directors

Ms. MAO Shue (appointed on 25 March 2025)
Mr. JIA Xiaogang
Mr. WU Yong
Ms. CHEN Xiuyan (resigned on 25 March 2025)




                                                                             China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                           Annual Report 2025      15
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



The Company has met the requirements of the GEM Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three
Independent Non-Executive Directors with at least one of whom is with appropriate professional qualifications or
accounting or related financial management expertise.

There is a balance of skills and experience for the Board, which is appropriate for the requirements of the business of the
Company. The Directors’ biographical information is set out in the section headed “Directors and Senior Management”
of this annual report.

The overall management of the Company’s business is vested in the Board, which assumes the responsibility for
leadership and control of the Company and the Directors are collectively responsible for promoting the success of the
Company by directing and supervising the Company’s affairs and overseeing the achievement of strategic plans to
enhance the shareholders’ value.

Generally, the Board is responsible for all major aspects of the affairs of the Company, including:

•     formulation of overall strategies and review of its financial performances and results and the risk management and
      internal control systems;

•     policies relating to key business and financial objectives of the Company;

•     material transactions, including acquisition, investment, disposal of assets or capital expenditure;

•     appointment, removal or re-appointment of Board members and auditors;

•     communication with key stakeholders, including shareholders and regulatory bodies; and

•     recommendation to shareholders on final dividend and the declaration of any interim dividend.

The Board is responsible for maintaining proper accounting records so as to enable the Directors to monitor and disclose
with reasonable accuracy the financial position of the Group. The Board updates shareholders on the operations and
financial position of the Group through quarterly, interim and annual results announcements as well as the publication of
timely reports and announcements of other matters as prescribed by the relevant laws, rules and regulations.

In addition, the Board is responsible for, among others, performing the corporate governance duties as set out in the
code provision Part 2 – A.2.1 of the CG Code, which include:

(a)   to develop and review the Group’s policies and practices on corporate governance and make recommendations;

(b)   to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of the Directors and senior
      management;

(c)   to review and monitor the Group’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;

(d)   to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to the Directors and
      employees; and

(e)   to review the Group’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the corporate governance report.




       China Hongguang Holdings Limited
16 Annual Report 2025
                                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



The Board has also delegated various responsibilities to the board committees of the Company. Further details of the
board committees of the Company are set out below in this annual report.

All Directors, including Independent Non-Executive Directors assume the responsibilities to shareholders for the well-
being and success of the Company. They are aware of their duties to act in good faith and in the best interests of the
Company.

The Independent Non-Executive Directors advised the Company on strategic and critical matters. The Board considers
that each Independent Non-Executive Director brings his own senior level of experience and expertise to the constructive
functioning of the Board. To this end, regular informal meetings are held between Executive Directors and Independent
Non-Executive Directors.

Each of the Executive Directors has entered into a service contract on 11 December 2019 with the Company commencing
from the Listing Date for a term of three years unless terminated by either party by giving at least three months’ notice in
writing to the other party.

Each of the Independent Non-Executive Directors has entered into a service contract on 11 December 2019 except that
service contract of Ms. MAO Shue on 25 March 2025 with the Company for an initial term of one year commencing on
the Listing Date and shall continue for an additional term of one year upon expiry of the initial term unless terminated by
either party by giving at least three months’ notice in writing to the other party.

The appointments are subject to the provisions of the articles of association of the Company (the “Articles of Association”)
with regard to vacation of office of Directors, removal and retirement by rotation of Directors.

The Executive Directors of the Company are delegated with responsibility to oversee and monitor the operation of
specific business areas and to implement the strategies and policies set by the Board.

Board independence

The Company recognises that Board independence is pivotal in good corporate governance and Board effectiveness.
The Board has established mechanisms to ensure independent views and input from any Director of the Company are
conveyed to the Board for enhancing an objective and effective decision making. The governance framework and the
following mechanisms are reviewed annually by the Board, through its Nomination and Remuneration Committee, to
ensure their effectiveness:

1.   Three out of the six Directors are Independent Non-Executive Directors, which meets the requirements of the Listing
     Rules that the Board must have at least three Independent Non-Executive Directors and must appoint Independent
     Non-Executive Directors representing at least one-third of the Board.

2.   The Nomination and Remuneration Committee will assess the independence, qualification and time commitment of
     a candidate who is nominated to be a new Independent Non-Executive Director before appointment and also the
     continued independence of existing Independent Non-Executive Directors and their time commitments annually.
     On an annual basis, all Independent Non-Executive Directors are required to confirm in writing their compliance of
     independence requirements pursuant to Rule 5.09 of the GEM Listing Rules, and to disclose the number and nature
     of offices held by them in public companies or organisations and other significant commitments.




                                                                                China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                              Annual Report 2025       17
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



3.   The Nomination and Remuneration Committee will conduct the performance evaluation of the Independent Non-
     Executive Directors annually to assess their contributions.

4.   External independent professional advice is available as and when required by individual Directors.

5.   All Directors are encouraged to express freely their independent views and constructive challenges during the
     Board/Board Committee meetings.

6.   No equity-based remuneration with performance-related elements will be granted to Independent Non-Executive
     Directors.

7.   A Director (including Independent Non-Executive Director) who has a material interest in a contract, arrangement
     or other proposal shall not vote or be counted in the quorum on any Board resolution approving the same.

BOARD MEETINGS

Pursuant to code Part 2 – C.5.1 of the CG Code, the Board should meet regularly and board meetings should be at least
four times a year. Additional meetings would be arranged if and when required. Notices of not less than 14 days will
be given for all regular board meetings to provide all Directors with an opportunity to attend and include matters in the
agenda for a regular meeting. Board members are provided with all agenda and adequate information for their review
within reasonable time before the meetings. After the meeting, draft minutes are circulated to all Directors for comments
before confirmation. Minutes of board meetings and meetings of board committees are kept by the company secretary
and are available for inspection by the Directors at all times. Each Director is entitled to seek independent professional
advice in appropriate circumstances at the expense of the Company.

Directors may participate either in person or through electronic means of communications. Directors are free to
contribute and share their views at meetings and major decisions will only be taken after deliberation at board meetings.
Directors who are considered to have conflict of interests or material interests in the proposed transactions or issues to
be discussed will not be counted in the quorum of meeting and will abstain from voting on the relevant resolutions.

The Company held three board meetings during the year ended 31 December 2025 and complied with the code
provision Part 2 – C.5.1 of the CG Code.




       China Hongguang Holdings Limited
18 Annual Report 2025
                                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




CHAIRMAN (CHAIRWOMAN) AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE

Code Provision Part 2 – C.2.1 of the CG Code provides that the roles of Chairman (Chairwoman) and chief executive
should be separate and should not be performed by the same individual.

Ms. LIN Weishan (“Ms. Lin”) is the Chairwoman of the Board and Mr. WEI Jiakun (“Mr. Wei”) is the Chief Executive
Officer of the Company. As disclosed Mr. Wei is the spouse of Ms. Lin. Despite their relationship, the divisions of
responsibilities between the Chairwoman of the Board and the Chief Executive Office are clearly divided to ensure a
balance of power and authority and to reinforce their independence and accountability.

Ms. Lin, being the Chairwoman, is responsible for providing leadership to the Board and ensuring that the Board
functions effectively; that Directors receive in timely manner adequate information which is complete and reliable; and
that all Directors are properly briefed on issues arising at board meetings. The Chairwoman also encourages Directors
to participate actively in and to make a full contribution to the Board so that the Board acts in the best interests of the
Company. Ms. Lin, being an Executive Director, is also responsible for overseeing the human resources, administration
and finance matters of the Group.

Mr. Wei, being the Chief Executive Officer, is responsible for the daily operations of the Company, execution of business
policies, strategies, objectives and plans as formulated and adopted by the Board and leading the management of the
Company.

As at 31 December 2025, save as disclosed above, none of the Board members has any financial, business, family or
other material/relevant relationships with each other.

BOARD COMMITTEES

Audit Committee

The Company established an audit committee (the “Audit Committee”) on 11 December 2019 with written terms of
reference by reference to the code provisions of the CG Code. The terms of reference of the Audit Committee was
published on the websites of Stock Exchange and the Company.

The primary duties of the Audit Committee are to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment and
dismissal of the external auditor, review the financial statements and information and provide advice in respect of
financial reporting and oversee the internal control procedures of the Company. The Audit Committee comprises of
three members, namely Ms. MAO Shue (appointed on 25 March 2025), Mr. JIA Xiaogang and Mr. WU Yong, all being
Independent Non-Executive Directors. Ms. CHEN Xiuyan served as the chairwoman of the Audit Committee between 1
January 2024 and 25 March 2025. Ms. MAO Shue was appointed as the chairwoman of the Audit Committee with effect
from 25 March 2025.




                                                                               China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                             Annual Report 2025       19
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Audit Committee held three meetings and the Audit Committee has
performed the following major works:

–    considered and recommended to the Board for approval of the audited consolidated financial results of the Group
     for the year ended 31 December 2024;

–    considered and approved the accounting treatment adopted by the Group’s annual reports for the year ended 31
     December 2024;

–    considered and recommended acceptance of the audit committee reports prepared by CCTH for the year ended 31
     December 2024;

–    reviewed the draft annual results announcements in relation to the audited consolidated results of the Group for
     the year ended 31 December 2024;

–    considered and evaluated the management system adopted by the Group for internal, financial and risk
     management and internal control procedures;

–    reviewed the compliance status of the Deed of Non-Competition;

–    reviewed the effectiveness of the corporate governance measures adopted to manage any potential or actual
     conflict of interests between the Group and the controlling shareholders of the Company;

–    reviewed and recommended to the Board for the approval of the unaudited condensed consolidated interim results
     and the interim report; and

–    reviewed the several issues of the change of auditors.

Each of the controlling shareholders of the Company has provided with the Company a confirmation on compliance
pursuant to their undertakings under the Deed of Non-Competition. The Audit Committee has reviewed the
confirmations and noted that during the period from the Listing Date to 31 December 2025, each of the controlling
shareholders of the Company has complied with the Deed of Non-Competition. The Audit Committee was not aware of
any significant issues that would have an adverse impact on the effectiveness of the corporate governance measures.

Remuneration Committee

The Company established a remuneration committee (the “Remuneration Committee”) on 11 December 2019
with written terms of reference by reference to the code provisions of the CG Code. The terms of reference of the
Remuneration Committee was published on the websites of Stock Exchange and the Company.

The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee are to make recommendations to the Board on the overall
remuneration policy and the structure relating to all Directors and senior management of the Group, review and approve
the management’s remuneration proposals with reference to the Board’s corporate goals and objectives and ensure
none of the Directors determine their own remuneration. The Remuneration Committee comprises of three members,
namely Mr. WU Yong, Ms. MAO Shue (appointed on 25 March 2025) and Mr. JIA Xiaogang, all being Independent Non-
Executive Directors. Mr. WU Yong currently serves as the chairman of the Remuneration Committee.




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
20 Annual Report 2025
                                                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Remuneration Committee held one meeting and the Remuneration
Committee has performed the following major works:

–    assessed and reviewed the performance of individual Executive Directors and senior management for the year
     ended 31 December 2024 and made recommendations to the Board on the 2024 discretionary bonus; and their
     respective remuneration packages for the year ended 31 December 2025; and

–    considered and approved the recommendation of the remuneration packages of Independent Non-Executive
     Directors for the year ended 31 December 2025.

Pursuant to code provision Part 2 – E.1.5 of the CG Code, the annual remuneration of the members of the senior
management by band for the year ended 31 December 2025 is set out below:

Remuneration Band                                                                                    No. of Individual

Nil to RMB1,000,000                                                                                                 10

Nomination Committee

The Company established a nomination committee (the “Nomination Committee”) on 11 December 2019 with written
terms of reference by reference to the code provisions of the CG Code. The terms of reference of the Nomination
Committee was published on the websites of Stock Exchange and the Company.

The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are to review the structure, size and composition (including the skills,
knowledge and experience) of the Board annually and make recommendation to the Board on any proposed changes
to the Board to complement the Company’s corporate strategy; identify individual suitably qualified as potential board
members and select or make recommendation to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships;
assess the independence of Independent Non-Executive Directors; and make recommendation to the Board on the
appointment or re-appointment of Directors and succession planning of Directors, in particular that of the Chairman
and the Chief Executive Officer. The Nomination Committee comprises of three members, namely Mr. JIA Xiaogang, Ms.
MAO Shue (appointed on 25 March 2025) and Mr. WU Yong, all being Independent Non-Executive Directors. Mr. JIA
Xiaogang currently serves as the chairman of the Nomination Committee.

During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Nomination Committee held one meeting and the Nomination Committee
has performed the following major works:

–    assessed the independence of the Independent Non-Executive Directors;

–    recommended to the Board on re-election of retiring directors at the held annual general meeting on 30 June 2025;

–    reviewed the structure, size and diversity (including but not limited to gender, age, cultural, educational
     background, races, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service) of the Board; and

–    reviewed the implementation of board diversity policy adopted by the Board.




                                                                             China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                           Annual Report 2025     21
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Nomination Policy

The Board, through the delegation of its authority to the Nomination Committee, has used its best efforts to ensure that
Directors appointed to the Board possess the relevant background, experience and knowledge in business, finance and
management skills critical to the Group’s business to enable the Board to make sound and well considered decisions.
Collectively, they have competencies in areas which are relevant and valuable to the Group.

Nomination Criteria

In evaluating and selecting any candidate for the directorship, the following criteria should be considered:

(i)     the candidate’s character and integrity;

(ii)    the candidate’s qualifications including professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience, and diversity
        aspects under the Board Diversity Policy (as defined below) that are relevant to the Company’s business and
        corporate strategy;

(iii)   any measurable objectives adopted for achieving diversity on the Board;

(iv)    for independent non-executive Directors, whether the candidate would be considered independent with reference
        to the independence guidelines set out in the GEM Listing Rules;

(v)     any potential contributions the candidate can bring to the Board in terms of qualifications, skills, experience,
        independence and gender diversity;

(vi)    willingness and ability of the candidate to devote adequate time to discharge duties as a member of the Board and/
        or Board committee(s) of the Company; and

(vii)   such other perspectives that are appropriate to the Company’s business and succession plan and where applicable
        may be adopted and/or amended by the Board and/or the Nomination Committee from time to time for nomination
        of directors and succession planning.

Nomination Procedures

The Company has put in place the following director nomination procedures:

Appointment of New and Replacement Directors

(i)     If the Board determines that an additional or replacement Director is required, it will deploy multiple channels for
        identifying suitable director candidates, including referral from Directors, shareholders, management, advisors of
        the Company and external executive search firms.

(ii)    Upon compilation and interview of the list of potential candidates, the Nomination Committee will shortlist
        candidates for consideration by the Nomination Committee/Board based on the selection criteria and such other
        factors that it considers appropriate. The Board has the final authority on determining suitable director candidate
        for appointment.




         China Hongguang Holdings Limited
22 Annual Report 2025
                                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY

The Board recognizes and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board to enhance the quality of its performance.
With a view to achieving sustainable and balance development, the Company sees increasing diversity at the Board level
as an essential element in supporting the attainment of its strategic objectives and its sustainable development. All Board
appointments will be based on meritocracy, and candidates will be considered against objective criteria, having due
regard to the benefits of diversity on the Board and also the needs of the Board without focusing on a single diversity
aspect. The board diversity policy (the “Policy”) adopted aims to set out the approach to achieve diversity on the Board.
A summary of the Policy is set out below:

Measurable Objectives and Implementation

The Company commits to selecting the best person for the role. Selection of candidates will be based on a range of
diversity perspectives, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional
experience, skills, knowledge and length of service and any other factors that the Board may consider relevant and
applicable from time to time. The Company will also take into consideration factors based on the Company’s business
model and specific needs from time to time in determining the optimum composition of the Board. The ultimate decision
will be based on merit and contribution that the selected candidates may bring to the Board.

Monitoring and Reporting

The Nomination Committee will report annually, in annual report, on the Board’s composition under diversified
perspective, and monitor the implementation of this Policy.

Review of this Policy

The Nomination Committee will review this Policy, as appropriate, to ensure the effectiveness of the Policy. The
Nomination Committee will discuss any revisions that may be required, and recommend any such revisions to the Board
for consideration and approval.

On recommendation from the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board will set measurable objectives to
implement the Board Diversity Policy and review such objectives from time to time to ensure their appropriateness and
ascertain the progress made towards achieving those objectives. Nomination and Remuneration Committee will review
the Board Diversity Policy at least annually to ensure its continued effectiveness from time to time.

For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company maintained an effective Board comprising members of different
genders, professional background and industry experience. The Company’s Board Diversity Policy was consistently
implemented. As at the date of this annual report, the Board consists of three female and three male Directors. Within
50 employees of the Group as at 31 December 2025, 32 employees were male and 18 employees are female. The Board
considers that the gender diversity in respect of the Board and the Group’s employees taking into account the business
model and specific needs of the Company is satisfactory. The Board targets by the ends of year to maintain at least
the current level of female representation, with the ultimate goal of achieving gender parity by the end of 2026. The
Board will continue to seek opportunities to increase the proportion of female members over time as and when suitable
candidates are identified.




                                                                               China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                             Annual Report 2025       23
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




ATTENDANCE RECORDS OF BOARD MEETINGS, BOARD COMMITTEES MEETINGS
AND GENERAL MEETING

During the year ended 31 December 2025, the attendance records of each Director and each member of the board
committees of the Company at the relevant meetings held are as follows:

                                        Actual Attendance/Number of Meetings a Director is entitled to attend
                                                           Audit Remuneration      Nomination             General
                                           Board      Committee     Committee       Committee            Meeting

No. of Meetings held                              3                  3                 1                  1                 2

Executive Directors
Mr. WEI Jiakun                                  3/3               N/A               N/A                N/A                2/2
Ms. LIN Weishan                                 3/3               N/A               N/A                N/A                2/2
Ms. LI Wanna                                    3/3               N/A               N/A                N/A                2/2

Independent Non-Executive
  Directors
Ms. MAO Shue
  (appointed on 25 March 2025)                  3/3                3/3               1/1                1/1               2/2
Mr. JIA Xiaogang                                3/3                3/3               1/1                1/1               2/2
Mr. WU Yong                                     3/3                3/3               1/1                1/1               2/2

INDUCTION AND CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

Each newly appointed Director receives a comprehensive induction package (the “Package”) designed to enhance his/
her knowledge and understanding the Group’s culture and operations. The Package usually includes a briefing or an
introduction to the Group’s structure, business strategies, recent developments and governance practices.

The Group acknowledges the importance of continuing professional development for the Directors for the enhancement
of corporate governance and internal control system. In this regard and in compliance with code provision Part 2 – C.1.4
of the CG Code, the Group provides funding to all Directors to participate in continuous professional development
organized in the form of in-house training and seminars so as to keep them refreshed of their knowledge and skills and
understanding of the Group’s business and to update their skills and knowledge on the latest development and changes
in the relevant statutes, the GEM Listing Rules and corporate governance practices.

According to the records kept by the Company, during the year ended 31 December 2025, each of the Directors, namely
Mr. WEI Jiakun, Ms. LIN Weishan, Ms. LI Wanna, Ms. MAO Shue, Mr. JIA Xiaogang and Mr. WU Yong attended trainings
that are relevant to the Directors’ professional knowledge and skills and in performing their duties and responsibilities
as Directors. Furthermore, Ms. Mao Shue (appointed on 25 March 2025) obtained the legal advice as regards the
requirements under the Listing Rules that are applicable to him as a director of a listed issuer and the possible consequences
of making a false declaration or giving false information to the Stock Exchange as described in Rule 5.02D of the GEM
Listing Rules on 24 March 2025. Ms. Mao Shue has confirmed that he/she understood his responsibilities as a director of
a listed issuer.




       China Hongguang Holdings Limited
24 Annual Report 2025
                                                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




DIRECTORS’ AND AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities for preparing the consolidated financial statements of the Group that
give a true and fair view of the state of affairs, results and cash flows of the Group and are in compliance with the
relevant accounting standards and principles, applicable laws, disclosure provisions required of the GEM Listing Rules
and disclosure requirement of Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. As at 31 December 2025, the Board was not aware
of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that might cast significant doubt upon the Group’s ability
to continue as a going concern, therefore the Directors continue to adopt the going concern approach in preparing the
consolidated financial statements.

The responsibility of the external auditor is to form an independent opinion, based on their audit, on those consolidated
financial statements prepared by the Board and to report their opinion to the shareholders of the Company. The
independent auditor’s report about their reporting responsibility on the consolidated financial statements of the Group is
set out in the independent auditor’s report on pages 46 to 122 of this annual report.

Whistle-blowing mechanism

A Whistle-blowing Policy has been set up to encourage and allow employees to raise concerns about possible
improprieties in matters of financial reporting, compliance, and other malpractices at the earliest opportunity. The audit
committee has overall responsibility for the policy and has delegated the day-today responsibility of overseeing and
implementing such policy to the company secretary of the Company. If any employee believes reasonably and in good
faith that malpractice exists in the workplace, he/she should report immediately to his/her immediate supervisor within
the department. The supervisor should then forward the concerns by email to the company secretary upon receiving
reports from employees. If necessary, employees may also take the complaint directly to the chairman of the audit
committee. All reports are treated confidentially, and the Group makes every effort to keep the employee’s identity
confidential.

Anti-corruption

There are well established lines of authority and responsibility for implementing the Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption
(“ABAC”) Policy within the Group. Every employee has the responsibility to implement, enforce and maintain the ABAC
mechanism that adequately address bribery and corruption risks and promote a culture of integrity in the Group. Regular
trainings/reminders are provided/sent to the employees.

AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION

During the year, the remuneration, reviewed and approved by the Audit Committee on the audit and non-audit scope,
paid or payable to the auditor in respect of audit services provided by the auditor of the Group, Prism Hong Kong
Limited, were as follows:

Nature of services                                                                                         2025 Amount
                                                                                                               RMB’000

Audit services for 2025 Annual Audit                                                                                  930




                                                                               China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                             Annual Report 2025      25
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

The Company have established risk management systems with relevant policies and procedures for the business
operations. The policies and procedures relate to managing procurement and production, as well as monitoring sales
performance and product quality. The key risk management objectives include: (i) identifying the different risks relevant
to the operations of the Company; (ii) assessing and prioritizing the identified risks; (iii) developing appropriate risk
management strategies for different risks; (iv) monitoring and managing risks and the risk tolerance level; and (v)
executing measures to respond to the risks.

The Board oversees and manages the risks associated with the business of the Group. The Company have established the
Audit Committee to review and supervise the financial reporting process and internal control system.

In order to improve the corporate governance of the Company and to prevent the occurrence of non-compliance
incidents in the future, the Company has adopted a series of internal control policies, procedures and programs designed
to provide reasonable assurance for achieving objectives such as effective and efficient operations, reliable financial
reporting and compliance with applicable laws and regulations.

During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Board had outsourced its internal audit function to an independent
internal audit firm (the “Internal Auditor”). The Internal Auditor reports directly to the Audit Committee once a year on
all internal audit matters. The Audit Committee reviewed the internal audit report and would monitor the implementation
of the improvements required on internal control weaknesses identified.

Although the Group does not maintain an internal audit function, the Board has overall responsibility for the risk
management and internal control systems for reviewing its effectiveness. The Audit Committee and the Board would
review the risk management and internal control systems once annually. The Directors were satisfied that effective
internal control measures as appropriate to the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 were implemented properly
and that no significant areas of weaknesses came into attention.

The Board acknowledges that it is the responsibility of the Board for establishing and maintaining appropriate and
effective risk management and internal control systems. Also, the Board has overall responsibilities for the risk
management and internal control systems of the Group on an ongoing basis, and for reviewing its effectiveness on an
annual basis. The established systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business
objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.

Policies and procedures for releasing information to external parties had been established and are in place, which
covers the handling and dissemination of inside information, with an aim to provide accurate, complete and timely
information to all stakeholders of the Group. These policies and procedures define the class and form of the information
to be disclosed, the procedures for dissemination and disclosure of information, and communication with investors,
financial analysts and media. They also include the policies for communication with shareholders, and the information
management for subsidiaries and associated companies of the Company.




       China Hongguang Holdings Limited
26 Annual Report 2025
                                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




COMPANY SECRETARY

Company Secretary supports the Board by ensuring good information flow within the Board and that the Board policy
and procedures are followed. The Company Secretary is responsible for advising the Board on the corporate governance
matters and maintaining minutes recorded in sufficient details of all the meetings of the Board and committees of
the Company. All Directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary to ensure that the Board
procedures and all applicable laws, rules and regulations, are followed.

Ms. LUI Mei Ka was appointed as the joint company secretary with effect from 24 May 2024. Ms. LUI is an external
service provider whose primary contact person in the Group is Mr. WENG Weilin, another joint company secretary of the
Company.

The joint company secretary, Ms. LUI Mei Ka confirmed that she has complied with all the qualifications, experience,
and professional training requirements under the GEM Listing Rules. The joint company secretary, Mr. WENG Weilin
confirmed that he has complied with all the qualifications, experience, and professional training requirements under the
GEM Listing Rules.

SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

The general meetings of the Company provided an opportunity for communication between the shareholders and the
Board. An annual general meeting of the Company shall be held in each year and at the place as may be determined by
the Board. Each general meeting, other than an annual general meeting, shall be called an extraordinary general meeting
(“EGM”).

Right to Convene EGMs and Procedures

Pursuant to article 58 of the Articles of Association, the Board, may whenever it thinks fit, convene an EGM. Any one or
more members holding at the date of the deposit of the requisition not less than one tenth of the paid-up capital of the
Company carrying the right of voting at general meetings of the Company, shall at all times have the right, by written
requisition sent to the Company’s principal place of business as set out in the manner below, to require an EGM to
be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition; and such meeting shall be held
within two months after the deposit of such requisition.

Such requisition shall be made in writing to the Board or the Joint Company Secretaries of the Company at the following:

Principal Place of Business of the Company in the PRC

Address:             Eastside of Middle of Rongchi Road
                     Xianqiao, Rongcheng, Jieyang
                     Guangdong, the PRC
Attention:           Joint Company Secretaries
Email:               dx@dx128.com.hk/wwl@hongguang.hk

Registered Office of the Company

Address:             Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
                     PO Box 2681
                     Grand Cayman, KY1-1111
                     Cayman Islands
Attention:           Joint Company Secretaries



                                                                             China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                           Annual Report 2025      27
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



If within 21 days of deposit of such written requisition, the Board fails to proceed to convene such EGM, the
requisitionist(s) themselves or any of them may do so in the same manner, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the
requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to them by the Company.

Right to Put Enquiries to the Board

For matters in relation to the Board, the shareholders may at any time send their enquiries and concerns to Board in
writing, for the attention of the Joint Company Secretaries. Contact details are as follows:

Address:             Room 1202, 1204–06, 12th Floor, The Chinese Bank Building
                     61 Des Voeux Road Central
                     Central, Hong Kong
Fax:                 (852) 3020 6430/(86) 06638864681
Email:               dx@dx128.com.hk/wwl@hongguang.hk

Shareholders of the Company may also make enquiries with the Board at the general meetings of the Company.

Right to Put forward Proposals at General Meetings

There are no provisions allowing shareholders to propose new resolutions at the general meetings under the Companies
Law (as revised) of the Cayman Islands, as amended, modified and supplemental from time to time. However, pursuant
to the Articles of Association, shareholders who wish to move a resolution may by means of requisitions convene an EGM
following the procedures set out above.

INVESTOR RELATIONS

On 11 December 2019, the Board adopted a shareholders’ communication policy reflecting mostly the current practices
of the Company for communication with its shareholders. Such policy aims to promote effective communication between
the Company, shareholders and other stakeholders and enable shareholders to exercise their rights as shareholders
effectively in an informed manner, in order to provide shareholders and other stakeholders (including potential investors)
with timely, clear, balanced and accurate information about the Company, and to allow shareholders and other
stakeholders to engage actively with the Company. The Company has established a number of channels for maintaining
on-going dialogue with shareholders as follows:

(a)   corporate communications such as annual reports, quarterly reports, interim reports and circulars are issued in
      printed form and are available on the websites of Stock Exchange and the Company;

(b)   periodic announcements are made through the Stock Exchange and published on the websites of Stock Exchange
      and the Company;

(c)   corporate information is made available on the Company’s website;

(d)   AGM and EGM provide a forum for shareholders to make comments and exchange views with the Directors and
      senior management; and

(e)   the Company’s share registrars serve shareholders in respect of share registration, dividend payment, change of
      shareholders’ particulars and related matters.




         China Hongguang Holdings Limited
28 Annual Report 2025
                                                                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



The Board has reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the Shareholders’ Communication Policy including steps
taken at the general meetings, the handling of queries received (if any) and the multiple channels of communication
and engagement in place, and considered that the Shareholders’ Communication Policy has been properly implemented
during the year under review and is effective.

DIVIDEND POLICY

The Company has adopted a dividend policy on 31 March 2020 in deciding whether to propose a dividend and in
determining the dividend amount, the Board shall take into account, among other things, the following factors:

(a)   the Company’s current and future operations, actual and expected financial performance;

(b)   any corporate development plans;

(c)   the Group’s liquidity position, working capital and capital expenditure requirements and future expected capital
      needs;

(d)   the level of the Group’s debt to equity ratio, return on equity and the relevant financial covenants;

(e)   any restrictions on payments of dividends that may be imposed by the Group’s lenders or other third parties;

(f)   retained earnings and distributable reserves of the Company and each of the members of the Group;

(g)   general economic conditions, the business cycle of the Group’s business and other internal and external factors that
      may have an impact on the business or financial performance and position of the Company; and

(h)   any other factor that the Board deems appropriate and relevant.

The recommendation of the payment of dividend is subject to the determination of the Board, and, any declaration of
final dividend for the year will be subject to the approval of the shareholders of the Company. The payment of dividend is
also subject to any restrictions under the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands and any other applicable laws, rule and
regulations and amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company.

CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS

The amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company were adopted on 11 December
2019 to comply with the relevant provisions of the GEM Listing Rules.

The second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company were adopted on 30 June
2023 to comply with the relevant provisions of the GEM Listing Rules.

A copy of the memorandum and articles of association of the Company was posted on the websites of Stock Exchange
and the Company.




                                                                                China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                              Annual Report 2025     29
DIRECTORS’ REPORT


The Directors present their annual report and the audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31
December 2025.

CORPORATE REORGANISATION

The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands as exempted company with limited liability on 25 May 2017.

The Company completed the corporate reorganization (the “Reorganisation”) on 11 July 2018 in preparation for the
listing of the shares of the Company (the “Shares”) on GEM of the Stock Exchange, pursuant to which the Company
became the holding company of the companies now comprising the Group.

Details of the Reorganisation are set out in paragraph headed “Reorganisation” in the section headed “History,
Reorganisation and Group Structure” in the prospectus of the Company dated 31 December 2019 (the “Prospectus”).
The Shares were listed on GEM of the Stock Exchange on 13 January 2020 by way of share offer (the “Listing”).

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND BUSINESS REVIEW

The principal activities of the Group are the manufacture and sales of glass products in the People’s Republic of China.
The Company acts as an investment holding company. Further discussion and analysis of these activities as required by
Schedule 5 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, including a discussion of the principal risks and uncertainties facing
the Group and an indication of likely future developments in the Group’s business, can be found in the Management
Discussion and Analysis set out on pages 5 to 10 of this annual report. This discussion forms part of this Directors’
Report.

RESULTS AND DIVIDEND

The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss
and other comprehensive income on page 52 of this annual report.

The Directors do not recommend the payment of final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2025 (2024: Nil).




       China Hongguang Holdings Limited
30 Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                 DIRECTORS’ REPORT




OUTLOOK AND PROSPECTS

The Group was listed on GEM of the Stock Exchange on 13 January 2020 and the funds raised from the Listing laid a
solid foundation for the future development of the Group.

The markets and technological advances in relation to coated glass have developed significantly in recent years, driven
primarily by a series of building energy conservation policies and standards promulgated by the PRC Government such as
the Guidance Opinion on the Development of Glass Industry in the 13th Five-Year Plan* (《玻璃工業“十三五”發展指導
意見》) issued by the China Architectural and Industrial Glass Association* (中國建築玻璃與工業玻璃協會). According to
HCR Co., Ltd. (北京慧辰資道資訊股份有限公司) (“HCR”), an independent market research firm commissioned by us in
preparation for the Listing, coated glass production volume in China is expected to increase at a CAGR of about 7.8%
from 293 million m2 in 2018 to 427 million m2 in 2023. Coated glass, our primary energy-efficient safety glass product, is
a type of energy-saving glass which is commonly used in the construction industry. We believe our specialisation in
coated glass well positions us to capture the opportunities arising from the continual growth of the demand of coated
glass in China.

With the strong demand for dimming glass in new buildings, HCR estimates that dimming glass production volume in
China is expected to increase at a CAGR of 21.6% from 254,000 m2 in 2018 to 675,000 m2 in 2023 and there will also
be an upward trend of a similar scale in dimming glass sales volume. We further leveraged our cumulative experience
and technological know-how in the production of smart glass product. We believe that our business will benefit from the
increasing market demand for smart glass products in China.

In spring of 2020, under the impact of the novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19) epidemic, industries in Mainland China
postponed the resumption of work after the Chinese New Year holiday, and operations were only resumed in early
March 2020. The impact of the COVID-19 epidemic has, to a certain extent, affected the development of Mainland
China’s real estate market from the year of 2020 to 2022, thus also triggering the slowdown of the development of the
architectural glass industry. In the meanwhile, the PRC government has implemented a strong COVID-19 prevention and
control policies. Until the first quarter of 2023, mainland China had completely lifted its restrictions and was basically no
longer affected by the prevention and control policies of the COVID-19 epidemic.

The Group is continuously seeking acquisition or investment opportunities to enhance the value of China Hongguang, in
order to enhance the Group’s risk tolerance and its value, and continue to create new growth drivers for the Group.

SEGMENT INFORMATION

An analysis of the Group’s performance for the year by operating segment is set out in note 4(b) to the consolidated
financial statements.




*   For identification purpose only




                                                                                 China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                               Annual Report 2025       31
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

This information in respect of the Group’s sales and purchases attributable to the major customers and suppliers
respectively during the financial year is as follows:

                                                                                     Percentage of the Group’s total
                                                                                              Sales         Purchases

The largest customer                                                                          20.6%                      –
Five largest customers in aggregate                                                           65.6%                      –
The largest supplier                                                                               –                67.9%
Five largest suppliers in aggregate                                                                –                98.1%

None of the Directors of the Company, or any of their close associates or any other shareholders, which to the best
knowledge of the Directors, owns more than 5% of the number of issued Shares, had any interests in the Group’s five
largest customers and suppliers during the year ended 31 December 2025.

CHARITABLE DONATIONS

The Group made charitable donations totaling RMBNil during the year ended 31 December 2025, compared to
RMB28,000 in 2024.

SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION

A summary of the published result and assets, liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years, as extracted from
the consolidated financial statements, is set out on page 123. This summary does not form part of the consolidated
financial statements.

SHARE CAPITAL

Details of movements in share capital of the Company during the year are set out in note 23 to the consolidated financial
statements of this annual report.

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES

Neither the Company, nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, redeemed or sold any of the Company’s listed securities
during the year ended 31 December 2025.

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association of the Company (the “Articles of
Association”) or the laws of the Cayman Islands which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro rata basis
to existing shareholders.




       China Hongguang Holdings Limited
32 Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                DIRECTORS’ REPORT




DIRECTORS

The Directors during the year ended 31 December 2025 and up to the date of this annual report were:

Executive Directors

Mr. WEI Jiakun (Chief Executive Officer)
Ms. LIN Weishan (Chairwoman)
Ms. LI Wanna

Independent Non-Executive Directors

Ms. MAO Shue (appointed on 25 March 2025)
Mr. JIA Xiaogang
Mr. WU Yong
Ms. CHEN Xiuyan (resigned on 25 March 2025)

DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS

Each of the Executive Directors has entered into a service contract on 11 December 2019 with the Company commencing
from the Listing Date for a term of three years unless terminated by either party by giving at least three months’ notice in
writing to the other party.

Each of the Independent Non-Executive Directors has entered into a service contract on 11 December 2019 (except that
service contract of Ms. MAO Shue on 25 March 2025) with the Company for an initial term of one year commencing on
the Listing Date and shall continue for an additional term of one year upon expiry of the initial term unless terminated by
either party by giving at least three months’ notice in writing to the other party.

In accordance with articles 84(1) & 84(2) of the Articles of Association, Mr. WEI Jiakun and Mr. JIA Xiaogang will retire by
rotation and being eligible, will offer themselves for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting (the “AGM”).

No Director proposed for re-election at the AGM has an unexpired service contract which is not determinable by the
Company or any of its subsidiaries within one year without payment of compensation, other than normal statutory
obligations.




                                                                                China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                              Annual Report 2025       33
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES,
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR ANY ASSOCIATED
CORPORATION

As at 31 December 2025, the interests or short positions of the Directors and chief executives in the Shares, underlying
Shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporation (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities
and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”) which were notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7
and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such
provision of the SFO) or which were required to be recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 352 of the
SFO or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code as follows:

                                                                                                           Total number of                Percentage of
Name                                            Nature of interest                                          shares held (L)(1)             shareholding

Mr. WEI Jiakun (“Mr. Wei”)                      Settlor of a discretionary trust;                            394,750,000 (L)(2)                    55.68%
                                                Interest of spouse

Ms. LIN Weishan (“Ms. Lin”)                     Settlor of discretionary trust;                              394,750,000 (L)(2)                    55.68%
                                                Interest of spouse

Notes:


1.       The letter “L” denotes the entity/person’s long position in the Shares.


2.       These Shares are held by Ming Liang Global Limited, the entire issued share capital of which is held by Wei Family Limited, which is in turn entirely
         held by IQ EQ (BVI) Limited, acting as the trustee of The Wei Family Trust. The Wei Family Trust is a discretionary trust established by Mr. Wei, Ms.
         Lin (the spouse of Mr. Wei) and Ms. LIU Rong (“Ms. Liu”, the mother of Mr. Wei) as the settlors and the beneficiaries of The Wei Family Trust include
         Mr. Wei, Ms. Lin, Ms. Liu and certain family members of Mr. Wei. Each of Mr. Wei, Ms. Lin, Ms. Liu, IQ EQ (BVI) Limited and Wei Family Limited is
         deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Ming Liang Global Limited by virtue of the SFO.


DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

Save as disclosed under the section headed “Directors’ and Chief Executives’ interests and short positions in Shares,
underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or any associated corporation” above, at no time during the year
ended 31 December 2025 was the Company, or any of its subsidiaries or associated corporations, a party to any
arrangement to enable the Directors and chief executives of the Company (including their respective spouse and
children under 18 years of age) to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of the Shares or underlying Shares in, or
debentures of, the Company or any of its associated corporations.




          China Hongguang Holdings Limited
34 Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                           DIRECTORS’ REPORT




SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSONS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT
POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY

As at 31 December 2025, so far as is known to the Directors, the following persons (other than Directors or chief
executives of the Company) had or deemed or taken to have interest or short position in Shares or underlying Shares of
the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions
2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or which would be required, pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO, to be entered in the
register referred to therein:

                                                                                                           Total number of                Percentage of
Name                                            Capacity/nature of interest                                 shares held (L)(1)             shareholding

Ming Liang Global Limited                       Beneficial owner                                             394,750,000 (L)(2)                    55.68%

Wei Family Limited                              Interest in a controlled corporation                         394,750,000 (L)(2)                    55.68%

IQ EQ (BVI) Limited                             Trustee of a trust                                           394,750,000 (L)(2)                    55.68%

Mr. Wei                                         Settlor of a discretionary trust;                            394,750,000 (L)(2)                    55.68%
                                                Interest of spouse

Ms. Lin                                         Settlor of a discretionary trust;                            394,750,000 (L)(2)                    55.68%
                                                Interest of spouse

LIU Rong (“Ms. Liu”)                            Settlor of a discretionary trust                             394,750,000 (L)(2)                    55.68%

Notes:


1.       The letter “L” denotes the entity/person’s long position in the Shares.


2.       These Shares are held by Ming Liang Global Limited, the entire issued share capital of which is held by Wei Family Limited, which is in turn entirely
         held by IQ EQ (BVI) Limited, acting as the trustee of The Wei Family Trust. The Wei Family Trust is a discretionary trust established by Mr. Wei, Ms.
         Lin (the spouse of Mr. Wei) and Ms. Liu (the mother of Mr. Wei) as the settlors and the beneficiaries of The Wei Family Trust include Mr. Wei, Ms.
         Lin, Ms. Liu and certain family members of Mr. Wei. Each of Mr. Wei, Ms. Lin, Ms. Liu, IQ EQ (BVI) Limited and Wei Family Limited is deemed to be
         interested in the Shares held by Ming Liang Global Limited by virtue of the SFO.




                                                                                                      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025                  35
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Details of the related party transactions entered into by the Group are set out in note 29 to the consolidated financial
statements of this annual report. Such related party transactions do not fall under the definition of connected transaction
or continuing connected transaction under Chapter 20 of the GEM Listing Rules.

CONNECTED TRANSACTION AND CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTION

To support the business development of the Company, Ming Liang Global entered into the share subscription agreement
(“MLG Subscription Agreement”) with the Company on 4 September 2024, pursuant to which the Company has
conditionally agreed to allot and issue, and Ming Liang Global has conditionally agreed to subscribe for a total of
150,000,000 subscription shares at the subscription price of HK$0.286 per subscription share in accordance with the
terms and conditions as set out in the MLG Share Subscription Agreement. Ming Liang Global holds approximately
54.41% of the issued share capital of the Company and is therefore a connected person of the Company. This share
subscription is not yet completed as at the date of this report. For details of this connected transaction, please refer to
the Company’s announcement dated 4 September 2024.

During the year, except as disclosed above, the Group has not entered into any connected transactions or continuing
connected transactions that are not exempted under the GEM Listing Rules. The Board confirms that the Company has
complied with the applicable disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 20 of the GEM Listing Rules.

SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors as at the
date of this annual report, the Company has maintained the prescribed public float required by the GEM Listing Rules
since the Listing Date and up to the date of this annual report.

DIRECTORS’ INTEREST IN COMPETING BUSINESS

The Directors are not aware of any business or interest of the Directors nor the controlling shareholders of the Company
nor any of their respective close associates that competes or may compete, directly or indirectly, with the businesses of
the Group and any other conflicts of interest which any such person has or may have with the Group during the year
ended 31 December 2025.

DEED OF NON-COMPETITION

In order to ensure that the controlling shareholders of the Company (the “Controlling Shareholders”) will not engage in
any business undertaking in competition with the Group in the future, on 30 December 2019, each of the Controlling
Shareholders has entered into the Deed of Non-Competition in favor of the Company (for itself and as trustee for its
subsidiaries from time to time) to the effect that each of them will not, and will procure each of their respective close
associates not to, directly or indirectly participate in, or hold any right or interest, or otherwise be involved in any business
which may be in competition with the businesses of the Group.

Each of the Controlling Shareholders (the “Covenantors”) has undertaken to the Company in the Deed of Non-
Competition that he/she/it will, among others, at any time during the Relevant Period (as defined below):

(i)   save for engaging in the Restricted Business (as defined below) through the Group, not, and will procure that his/
      her/its close associates (other than members of the Group) will not, directly or indirectly, carry on, invest, participate
      or engage in any business which competes or may compete, directly or indirectly, with the Restricted Business; and




       China Hongguang Holdings Limited
36 Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                      DIRECTORS’ REPORT



(ii)   promptly provide the Company with any relevant information in respect of any new business opportunity (“New
       Business Opportunity”) within the PRC which competes or may compete with the Restricted Business or future
       business of the Group of which he/she/it or his/her/its close associates may have knowledge, for the Independent
       Non-Executive Directors to review and decide whether the Group shall take up such New Business Opportunity by
       considering, among other things, whether (a) such New Business Opportunity would constitute competition with
       the Restricted Business; and (b) it is in the interest of the Group to pursue such New Business Opportunity taking
       into account factors such as the nature of such New Business Opportunity and the estimated costs of investing
       in or acquiring such New Business Opportunity; and give the Company an option exercisable by the Company
       within 30 days upon receipt of the written notification of relevant information, to take up such New Business
       Opportunity; and he/she/it and/or his/her/its close associates may only take up such New Business Opportunity after
       the Independent Non-Executive Directors have separately reviewed and decided that the Group should decline such
       New Business Opportunity.

For the above purposes:

(i)    “Restricted Business” means the business engaged by the Group in the PRC from time to time including the
       manufacture, sale and research and development of glass products; and

(ii)   “Relevant Period” means the period commencing from the Listing Date and expiring on the earlier of the dates
       below:

       (a)   the date on which the Shares cease to be listed on the Stock Exchange;

       (b)   the date on which the Covenantors and their respective close associates, taken together, whether directly or
             indirectly, cease to be the Controlling Shareholders for the purpose of the GEM Listing Rules; and

       (c)   the date on which the Company ceases to engage in the Restricted Business.

Further details of the Deed of Non-Competition are set out in the section headed “Relationship with Controlling
Shareholders” of the Prospectus.

The Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company had reviewed the status of compliance as well as confirmation
by the Controlling Shareholders and, on the basis of such confirmation, are of the view that such Controlling
Shareholders have complied with their non-competition undertakings under the Deed of Non-Competition and these
non-competition undertakings have been enforced by the Company in accordance with its terms.

COMPETITION AND CONFLICT OF INTERESTS

During the year, save as disclosed in the Prospectus, none of the Directors or substantial shareholders of the Company or
any of their respective associates has engaged in any business that competes or may compete with the businesses of the
Group or has any other conflict of interests with the Group.

PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

A directors and officers liability insurance is currently in place to protect the Directors against potential costs and liabilities
arising from claims brought against the Directors.




                                                                                    China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025          37
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS OF
SIGNIFICANCE

The Directors are not aware of any business or interest of the Directors nor the controlling shareholders of the Company
nor any of their respective close associates that competes or may compete, directly or indirectly, with the businesses of
the Group and any other conflicts of interest which any such person has or may have with the Group during the year
ended 31 December 2025.

CONTRACT OF SIGNIFICANCE

No transaction, arrangement or contract of significance to which the Company, or any of its holding company,
subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party, and in which a Director or an entity connected with a director had a
material interest, either directly or indirectly subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.

CONTRACT OF SIGNIFICANCE FOR THE PROVISION OF SERVICES

No contract of significance for the provision of services was entered into between the Company or any of its subsidiaries
and a Controlling Shareholder or any of its subsidiaries.

MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
Company were into or existed during the year.

ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

The Group recognizes the importance of environmental protection and has adopted stringent measures for environmental
protection in order to ensure compliance of prevailing environmental protection laws and regulations.

The Group has adopted environmental protection measures and established a team led by Ms. LI Wanna, an Executive
Director of the Company, who is responsible for monitoring the implementation of environmental protection measures by
means of: (a) supervising the safe placement of glass fragments to be recycled by suppliers; (b) supervising the cleaning
of sedimentation ponds and the collecting of glass powder to be recycled by suppliers; and (c) reviewing the daily record
and monitoring the volume of waste water discharged during the production process.

COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS

The Group recognizes the importance of compliance with regulatory requirements and the risk of non-compliance with
such requirements could lead to the termination of operating licences. The Group has been allocating system and staff
resources to ensure ongoing compliance with rules and regulations and to maintain cordial working relationships with
relevant authorities effectively through effective communications.

The Group also complies with the requirements under the Companies Ordinance, the GEM Listing Rules and the SFO for
the disclosure of information and corporate governance.




       China Hongguang Holdings Limited
38 Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                DIRECTORS’ REPORT




KEY RELATIONSHIPS WITH EMPLOYEES, CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

The Group recognizes the accomplishment of the employees by providing comprehensive benefit package, career
development opportunities and internal training appropriate to individual needs. The Group provides a healthy and safe
workplace for all employees. No strikes and cases of fatality due to workplace accidents are found in the year under
review.

The Group encompasses working relationships with suppliers to meet our customers’ needs in an effective and efficient
manner. The departments work closely to make sure the tendering and procurement process is conducted in an open,
fair and just manner. The Group’s requirements and standards are also well-communicated to suppliers before the
commencement of a project.

The Group values the views and opinions of all customers through various means and channels to understand customer
trends and needs and regular discuss on customer feedback. The Group also conducts comprehensive tests and checks to
ensure that only quality products and services are offered to the customers.

BANK LOANS AND OTHER BORROWINGS

Particulars of bank loans and other borrowings of the Group as at 31 December 2025 are set out in note 19 and note 20
to the consolidated financial statements.

FIVE YEAR SUMMARY

A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is set out on page
123 of this annual report.

SHARE OPTION SCHEME

The Company approved and adopted a share option scheme on 30 June 2023 (the “Scheme”).

The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to attract and retain the best available personnel of the Group, to provide
additional incentive to the Eligible Participants and to promote the success of the business of the Group. Under the
Scheme, the Directors may grant options to any eligible persons of the Group, including the directors (including
independent nonexecutive directors) and employees (whether full-time or part-time) of any member of the Group
(including persons who are granted Options under the Share Option Scheme as inducement to enter into employment
contracts with any member of the Group). The factors in assessing whether any person is eligible to participate in
the Share Option Scheme include (1) the performance of the Directors and employees; (2) their time commitment,
responsibilities or employment conditions according to the prevailing market practice and industry standard; (3) their
length of engagement with the Group; and (4) their contribution or potential contribution to the development and
growth of the Group.




                                                                                China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                              Annual Report 2025       39
DIRECTORS’ REPORT



Maximum Numbers of Shares

The total number of Shares which may be issued in respect of all Options which may be granted at any time under
the Share Option Scheme together with options and awards which may be granted under any other schemes of the
Company shall not exceed such number of Shares as equals 10% of the Shares in issue as at the date of adoption of
the Share Option Scheme on 30 June 2023 (the “Scheme Mandate Limit”). Options lapsed in accordance with the terms
of the Share Option Scheme will not be regarded as utilised for the purpose of calculating the Scheme Mandate Limit.
Having considered the issued shares on the adoption date of the Share Option Scheme, the total number of Shares which
may be issued upon exercise of all Options to be granted under the Share Option Scheme together with all options and
awards which may be granted under any other share schemes for the time being of the Company would be 39,900,000
Shares, representing approximately 8.69% of the issued Shares as at the date of the annual report (i.e. 31 March 2025).

No Option has been granted, exercised, cancelled or lapsed under the Share Option Scheme since the date of adoption
and up to 31 March 2025 and thereafter up to the date of this annual report. Accordingly, the total number of Shares
available for issue under the Share Option Scheme is 39,900,000 Shares, representing the Scheme Mandate Limit.

Maximum Entitlement of Each Eligible Participant

Where any grant of an Option to an Eligible Participant would result in the Shares issued and to be issued in respect of all
options and awards granted to such Eligible Participant (excluding any options and awards lapsed in accordance with the
terms of the relevant schemes) in the twelve (12)-month period up to and including the date of such grant representing
in aggregate over 1% of the Shares in issue, such grant must be separately approved by the Shareholders in a general
meeting of the Company with such Eligible Participant and the person’s close associates (or associates if the Eligible
Participant is a connected person) abstaining from voting.

Time of Exercise of Options

Subject to the terms of the Share Option Scheme, an Option may be exercised in whole or in part at any time during the
Option Period, provided that such period shall not go beyond the day immediately prior to the tenth anniversary of the
offer date with respect of the relevant Option.

The Board may at its discretion specify any condition in the offer letter at the grant of the relevant Option which must be
satisfied before an Option may be exercised.




       China Hongguang Holdings Limited
40 Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                DIRECTORS’ REPORT



Vesting Period

Save for the circumstances prescribed below, an Option must be held by the Grantee for a period that is not shorter than
the Minimum Period, which means the period commences on the offer date and ending on the day immediately prior to
the first anniversary thereof, with respect to an option, before the Option can be exercised.

The Board may at its discretion grant Options with a vesting period shorter than the Minimum Period in the following
circumstances: (1) grants of “make-whole” Options to new joiners to replace the share options they forfeited when
leaving the previous employers; (2) grants to an Eligible Participant whose employment is terminated due to death
or occurrence of any out of control event; (3) grants that are made in batches during a year for administrative and
compliance reasons, which include Options that should have been granted earlier if not for such administrative or
compliance reasons but had to wait for subsequent batch; (4) grants of Options with a mixed or accelerated vesting
schedule such as where the Options may vest evenly over a period of twelve (12) months; or (5) grants with performance-
based vesting conditions in lieu of time-based vesting criteria.

Amount payable on application or acceptance of the Option and the period within which payments or calls
must or may be made, or loans for such purposes must be repaid

An Offer shall remain open for acceptance by the eligible participant concerned (and by no other person, including the
eligible participant’s personal representative) for a period of thirty (30) days from the date of offer. During such thirty
(30) day period, an Offer shall be deemed to have been accepted by an eligible participant concerned in respect of all the
Shares which are offered to such eligible participant when the duplicate letter comprising acceptance of the Offer duly
signed by the eligible participant, together with a payment in favour of the Company of HK$1.00 as consideration for
the grant thereof, is received by the Company.

Exercise price

The exercise price for Shares to be subscribed may be determined by the Board at its absolute discretion, provided that
it shall not be less than the highest of: (1) the closing price of the Shares as shown in the daily quotations sheet of the
Stock Exchange on the offer date, which must be a Business Day; (2) the average of the closing prices of the Shares as
shown in the daily quotations sheets of the Stock Exchange for the five (5) consecutive days on which the Shares are
traded on the Stock Exchange immediately preceding the offer date; and (3) the nominal value of the Share on the offer
date.

Period of Share Option Scheme

The Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effective until the close of business of the Company on the termination
date (“Termination Date”, being the date which falls on the date immediately prior to the tenth anniversary of the date
of adoption of the Share Option Scheme on 30 June 2023), after which period no further Options will be granted but
the provisions of the Share Option Scheme shall remain in force to the extent necessary to give effect to the exercise of
any Options granted on or prior to the said Termination Date or otherwise as may be required in accordance with the
provisions of the Share Option Scheme.

Since the date of adoption and up to the date of this annual report, the Company has not granted or agreed to grant
any share options under the Scheme.




                                                                               China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                             Annual Report 2025       41
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




DEBENTURE

No debenture was issued by the Company during the year ended 31 December 2025.

EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENT

On 13 April 2021, the Company entered into the Equity Sale and Purchase Agreement with Ming Liang Global, pursuant
to which the Company has agreed conditionally to acquire, and Ming Liang Global has agreed conditionally to sell, the
100% of the issued share capital of a newly incorporated company which holds the entire equity interest in Guangdong
Longjian Engineering Co., Ltd., at a consideration of HK$64,200,000. The consideration shall be settled by way of (i) issue
and allotment of 99,000,000 consideration shares issued at an issue price of HK$0.32 per consideration share, such that
the total value of the consideration shares will be HK$31,680,000, and (ii) issuance of convertible bonds in the principal
amount of HK$32,520,000.

On 12 May 2022, the Company entered into Termination Agreement with Ming Liang Global, pursuant to which the
Company and Ming Liang Global mutually agreed to terminate the Equity Sale and Purchase Agreement.

Upon the execution of the Termination Agreement, the duties and obligations of the Company and Ming Liang Global
under the Equity Sale and Purchase Agreement have been released; the Company has not paid any deposit in respect of
the Acquisition and neither party shall make any compensation to the other. The Termination Agreement was entered
into because certain conditions precedent under the Equity Sale and Purchase Agreement were not fulfilled, including
that the information required for the preparation of the circular in relation to the Equity Sale and Purchase Agreement is
not all available. As a result, the Company has not yet obtained Independent Shareholders’ approval regarding the terms
of the Equity Sale and Purchase Agreement.

On 17 May 2022, the Company entered into the Share Subscription Agreement with Ming Liang Global, pursuant to
which the Company has conditionally agreed to allot and issue, and Ming Liang Global has conditionally agreed to
subscribe for, 99,000,000 subscription shares on the terms of the Share Subscription Agreement. This share subscription
was completed on 31 August 2022.

On 20 June 2023, the Company entered into the Share Subscription Agreement with Subscribers, pursuant to which
the Company has conditionally agreed to allot and issue, and Subscribers has conditionally agreed to subscribe for
59,990,000 subscription shares on the terms of the Share Subscription Agreement. This share subscription was completed
on 29 June 2023.

On 4 September 2024, the Company entered into the share subscription agreement (“MLG Subscription Agreement”)
with Ming Liang Global, pursuant to which the Company has conditionally agreed to allot and issue, and Ming Liang
Global has conditionally agreed to subscribe for a total of 150,000,000 subscription share in accordance with the terms
and conditions as set out in the MLG Share Subscription Agreement. This share subscription was completed on 2 July
2025.

In addition on the same date, the Company entered into the independent subscribers share subscription agreement (“the
Independent Subscribers Share Subscription Agreement”) with a total of 14 individual subscribers (the “Independent
Subscribers”), pursuant to which the Company has conditionally agreed to allot and issue, and the Independent
Subscribers have conditionally agreed to subscribe for a total of 100,000,000 subscription shares in accordance with the
terms and conditions as set out in the Independent Subscribers Share Subscription Agreement. This share subscription
was completed on 3 July 2025.




       China Hongguang Holdings Limited
42 Annual Report 2025
                                                                                              DIRECTORS’ REPORT



On 21 January 2026, the Company entered into the Share Subscription Agreement with Subscribers, pursuant to
which the Company has conditionally agreed to allot and issue, and Subscribers has conditionally agreed to subscribe
for 74,000,000 subscription shares on the terms of the Share Subscription Agreement. The share subscriptions are not
yet completed as at the date of this report. For details, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated 21 January
2026 and dated 27 January 2026.

TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION

The Company is not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to the shareholders by reason of their holding of the
Shares.

USE OF NET PROCEEDS FROM SHARE SUBSCRIPTIONS

2025 Share Subscriptions

On 4 September 2024, the Company entered into the MLG Share Subscription Agreement with Ming Liang Global,
pursuant to which the Company has conditionally agreed to allot and issue, and Ming Liang Global has conditionally
agreed to subscribe for, 150,000,000 MLG Subscription Shares at a price of HK$0.286 per share. On 4 September 2024,
the Company entered into the Independent Subscribers Share Subscription Agreement with the Independent Subscribers,
pursuant to which the Company has conditionally agreed to allot and issue, and the Independent Subscribers have
conditionally agreed to subscribe for, 100,000,000 IS Subscription Shares at a price of HK$0.286 per share. The MLG
Subscription was completed on 2 July 2025, and the IS Subscription was completed on 3 July 2025. (The foregoing MLG
Subscription and IS Subscription are collectively referred to as the “2025 Share Subscriptions”.)

The aggregate gross proceeds of the 2025 Share Subscription was approximately HK$71,500,000. The aggregate
net proceeds of the 2025 Share Subscription, after the deduction of related fees and expenses of approximately
HK$427,600, was be approximately HK$71,072,400. During the year ended 31 December 2025, HK$21,321,720 was
ultilized for general working capital of the Group, HK$20,983,840 was ultilized for repayment of bank borrowing, and
HK$14,214,480 was ultilized for development of potential business projects.

2023 Share Subscription

On 20 June 2023, the Company entered into share subscription agreement with the subscribers, pursuant to which the
Company will allot and issue, and the subscribers will subscribe for, an aggregate of 59,990,000 subscription shares at a
price of HK$0.194 per share (“2023 Share Subscription”).

The aggregate gross proceeds of the 2023 Share Subscription was approximately HK$11,638,060. The aggregate
net proceeds of the 2023 Share Subscription, after the deduction of related fees and expenses, was approximately
HK$11,558,060. During the year ended 31 December 2023, HK$5,779,030 was utilised for repayment of borrowings,
and HK$5,779,030 was utilised for the Group’s general working capital, and all proceeds of the 2023 Share Subscription
was fully utilised as at 31 December 2023 according to the plan of use of proceeds as previously disclosed.

2022 Share Subscription

On 17 May 2022, the Company entered into share subscription agreement with Ming Liang Global, pursuant to which
the Company has conditionally agreed to allot and issue, and Ming Liang Global has conditionally agreed to subscribe
for, 99,000,000 subscription shares at a price of HK$0.4 per share (“2022 Share Subscription”).




                                                                              China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                            Annual Report 2025      43
DIRECTORS’ REPORT



The net proceeds of the 2022 Share Subscription was approximately HK$39,600,000. During the year ended 31
December 2022, HK$23,760,000 was utilised for the maintenance and operation of the existing business (including
purchase of raw materials, upgrading and purchase of production equipment to enhance efficiency and quality, and
repayment of borrowings), HK$11,880,000 was utilised for acquisition of new equipment which has capability of
producing BIPV glass and repayment of borrowings (since potential acquisition of new business did not materialize),
and HK$1,460,000 was utilised for the Group’s general working capital. During the year ended 31 December 2023,
remaining HK$2,500,000 was utilised for the Group’s general working capital.

All proceeds of the 2022 Share Subscription was fully utilised as at 31 December 2023 according to the plan of use of
proceeds as previously disclosed.

DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

Details of the movements in the reserves of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 are set out in the
consolidated statement of changes in equity on page 55.

The Company’s reserves available for distribution to the shareholders as at 31 December 2025 amounted to
RMB116,593,000.

PROPERTIES

Particulars of the major properties and property interests of the Group are shown on note 12 to the consolidated
financial statements.

RETIREMENT SCHEMES

Particulars of retirement schemes are set out in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.

CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE

The Company has received from each of the Independent Non-Executive Directors an annual conformation of
independence pursuant to Rule 5.09 of the GEM Listing Rules and, based on contents of such confirmation, considers all
the Independent Non-Executive Directors to be independent and that they have met the specific independence guidelines
as set out in Rule 5.09 of the GEM Listing Rules.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Details of the corporate governance practices adopted by the Company are set out on pages 15 to 29 of this annual
report.

REVIEW BY THE AUDIT COMMITTEE

The audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 have been reviewed
by the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee is of the opinion that the audited consolidated financial statements of
the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 have been prepared in compliance with the applicable accounting
standards and the GEM Listing Rules and that adequate disclosures have been made.




       China Hongguang Holdings Limited
44 Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                DIRECTORS’ REPORT




IMPORTANT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

On 21 January 2026, the Company entered into the Share Subscription Agreement with Subscribers, pursuant to which
the Company has conditionally agreed to allot and issue, and Subscribers has conditionally agreed to subscribe for
74,000,000 subscription shares on the terms of the Share Subscription Agreement. The share subscriptions are not yet
completed as at the date of this report. For details, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated 21 January
2026 and dated 27 January 2026.

Save as disclosed in this report, the Board is not aware of any significant event requiring disclosure that has taken place
subsequent to 31 December 2025 and up to the date of this annual report.

AUDITOR

On 23 December 2025, CCTH CPA Limited resigned as external auditors of the Company and Prism Hong Kong Limited
was appointed as the external auditors of the Company on 23 December 2025 to fill the casual vacancy so arising from
the resignation of CCTH CPA Limited.

Prism Hong Kong Limited has been appointed as auditor of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2025.

Prism Hong Kong Limited shall retire in the AGM and, being eligible, will offer themselves for re-appointment. A
resolution for the re-appointment of Prism Hong Kong Limited as auditor of the Company will be proposed at the AGM.




On behalf of the Board
LIN Weishan
Chairwoman and Executive Director

Hong Kong, 31 March 2026




                                                                               China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                             Annual Report 2025       45
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




To the shareholders of
China Hongguang Holdings Limited
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

OPINION

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of China Hongguang Holdings Limited (“the Company”) and
its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 52 to 122, which comprise the consolidated
statement of financial position as at 31 December 2025, the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows
for the year then ended and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of material accounting
policy information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of
the Group as at 31 December 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the
year then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards issued by the International Accounting Standard Board
(“IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) as issued by the Institute of
Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s
responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the
Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the Code”), as applicable to audits
of financial statements of public interest entities. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance
with these requirements and the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate
to provide a basis for our opinion.

OTHER MATTER

The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024 were audited by another
auditor who expressed an unmodified opinion on these statements on 31 March 2025.




       China Hongguang Holdings Limited
46 Annual Report 2025
                                                                              INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
opinion on these matters.

Valuation of inventories

Key audit matter                                                How the matter was addressed in our audit

Inventories are carried at the lower of cost and net            Our audit procedures regarding the valuation of inventories
realisable value in the consolidated financial statements.      included the following:
The cost of inventories includes the purchase costs of raw
materials and the conversion costs incurred during the          •    We obtained an understanding of the design and
production process, including an allocation of production            implementation of key internal controls relating to
overheads. At 31 December 2025, the carrying amount of               valuation of inventories;
inventories was RMB156 million.
                                                                •    We compared, on a sample basis, the purchase prices
Management determines the net realisable value of                    and quantities of inventories recorded by the Group
inventories by considering the ageing profile, inventory             with supplier invoices;
obsolescence and the subsequent selling price of individual
inventory item.                                                 •    We made enquiry with management of the Group
                                                                     regarding the key assumptions concerning the
We identified the accounting recognition of inventories              absorption of overheads into the cost of production,
as a key audit matter because the Group held significant             tested and evaluated the appropriateness of
inventories at the reporting date and because management             overhead costs included in the overhead absorption
is required to exercise significant estimation in determining        calculations;
the net realisable value of inventories.
                                                                •    We assessed, on a sample basis, the accuracy of the
The related disclosures are included in notes 2(j), 3(a)(ii)         ageing profile of raw materials and finished goods
and 15 to the consolidated financial statements.                     included in inventories at the financial year end by
                                                                     checking the goods receipt notes and the finished
                                                                     goods records respectively; and

                                                                •    We compared, on a sample basis, the selling price of
                                                                     the finished goods subsequent to the reporting date
                                                                     to costs of these inventories as at the financial year
                                                                     end.

                                                                •    We assessed the adequacy of the related disclosures
                                                                     in the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                              Annual Report 2025      47
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

Expected credit losses allowances for trade receivables

Key audit matter                                                  How the matter was addressed in our audit

As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s gross trade                   Our audit procedures to assess the ECLs allowance for
receivables amounted to RMB198 million, against which a           trade receivables included the following:
loss allowance of RMB31 million for expected credit losses
(“ECLs”) was recorded. The Group’s trade receivables              •    We obtained an understanding of the design and
mainly arose from sales of glass products.                             implementation of key internal controls relating to
                                                                       credit control, debt collection and estimating the
Management measures the loss allowance at an amount                    credit loss allowance;
equal to lifetime ECLs based on estimated loss rates for
each category of receivables. The estimated loss rates            •    We obtained an understanding of the key parameters
take into account the aged analysis of trade receivable                and assumptions of the expected credit losses model
balances, the repayment history of the Group’s customers               adopted by the management, including the basis of
of different risk characteristics, current market conditions,          segmentation of the trade receivable based on credit
and forward-looking information. Such assessment involves              risk characteristics of customers, the historical default
significant management judgement and estimation.                       data in management’s estimated loss rates, and
                                                                       related forward-looking information;
We identified the ECLs allowance for trade receivables as a
key audit matter because determining the level of the loss        •    We assessed whether items were correctly
allowance requires the exercise of significant management              categorised in the trade receivables ageing report by
judgement which is inherently subjective.                              comparing individual items therein with sales invoices
                                                                       and other relevant underlying documentation, on a
The related disclosures are included in notes 2(i), 3(a)(i) and        sample basis;
16 to the consolidated financial statements.
                                                                  •    We involved our independent valuation specialist
                                                                       to assist us in assessing the appropriateness of
                                                                       management’s estimates of loss allowance by
                                                                       examining the information used by management
                                                                       to derive such estimates, including assessing the
                                                                       reasonableness of management's use of the historical
                                                                       default data and evaluating whether the historical
                                                                       loss rates are appropriately adjusted based on current
                                                                       market conditions and forward-looking information;
                                                                       and

                                                                  •    We re-performed the calculation of the loss
                                                                       allowance as at 31 December 2025 based on the
                                                                       Group’s credit loss allowance policies.

                                                                  •    We assessed the adequacy of the related disclosures
                                                                       in the consolidated financial statements.




       China Hongguang Holdings Limited
48 Annual Report 2025
                                                                             INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




OTHER INFORMATION

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of the
information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s
report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the
work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required
to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY AND THOSE CHARGED
WITH GOVERNANCE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true
and fair view in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the
Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and for such internal control as the directors of the Company determine is necessary
to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to
fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing the
Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the
going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or
have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion. We report our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for
no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this
report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                               China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                             Annual Report 2025      49
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued)

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
     fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
     sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
     resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional
     omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
     appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
     Group’s internal control.

•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
     related disclosures made by the directors.

•    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
     the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
     significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
     exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated
     financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the
     audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the
     Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
     disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in
     a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•    Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information
     of the entities or business units within the group as a basis for forming an opinion on the consolidated financial
     statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes
     of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing
of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during
our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence and, where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or
safeguards applied.




       China Hongguang Holdings Limited
50 Annual Report 2025
                                                                            INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued)

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the
matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report
because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of
such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor's report is Mr. Lee Kwok Lun.




Prism Hong Kong Limited
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong, 31 March 2026

Lee Kwok Lun
Practising certificate number: P06294




                                                                              China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                            Annual Report 2025      51
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



                                                                                           2025                  2024
                                                                    NOTES               RMB’000               RMB’000

Revenue                                                               4                  242,579              242,203

Cost of sales                                                                           (168,565)             (179,087)


Gross profit                                                                              74,014               63,116

Other net income                                                      5                    2,773                 6,185
Sales and marketing expenses                                                                (453)                 (563)
General and administrative expenses                                                       (7,451)              (40,987)


Profit from operations                                                                    68,883               27,751

Finance costs                                                        6(a)                 (3,146)               (4,126)


Profit before income tax                                              6                   65,737               23,625

Income tax expense                                                   7(a)                 (8,697)               (2,484)


Profit for the year                                                                       57,040               21,141


Other comprehensive income:
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
   Exchange differences on translation of financial statements of
      the Company, net                                                                    (4,468)                2,180
   Fair value gain on:
   – Investment in equity instrument at fair value through
        other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”)                                                119                 2,785
Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
   Exchange differences on translation of financial statements of
      subsidiaries outside Mainland China, net                                             4,683                (2,232)


Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax                                          334                 2,733


Total comprehensive income for the year                                                   57,374               23,874


                                                                                            2025                 2024
                                                                                            RMB                  RMB

Earnings per share                                                   10
Basic                                                                            9.78 RMB cents         4.9 RMB cents
Diluted                                                                                    N/A                   N/A


The accompanying notes on pages 58 to 122 form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


       China Hongguang Holdings Limited
52 Annual Report 2025
       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                               At 31 December 2025
                                                              (Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



                                                                 31/12/2025           31/12/2024
                                                   NOTES           RMB’000              RMB’000

Non-current assets

Property, plant and equipment                       12                47,014              29,218
Right-of-use assets                                 13                 1,275               1,332
Equity instrument at fair value through other
  comprehensive income                              14                28,131              28,012
Deferred tax assets                                21(b)               5,378               6,753


                                                                      81,798              65,315


Current assets

Inventories                                         15               155,608             165,786
Trade and bill receivables and other receivables    16               291,703             235,062
Cash and cash equivalents                          17(a)              34,605               2,528


                                                                     481,916             403,376


Current liabilities

Trade and other payables                            18                24,767              38,629
Bank loans                                          19                50,627              63,474
Other borrowings                                    20                 1,725               7,250
Income tax payable                                 21(a)              19,203              13,288


                                                                      96,322             122,641


Net current assets                                                   385,594             280,735


Total assets less current liabilities                                467,392             346,050


Non-current liabilities

Other borrowings                                    20                   112                1,842
Deferred revenue                                    22                 1,993                2,417


                                                                       2,105                4,259


NET ASSETS                                                           465,287             341,791




                                                           China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                         Annual Report 2025   53
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
At 31 December 2025
(Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



                                                                                    31/12/2025           31/12/2024
                                                                  NOTES               RMB’000              RMB’000

EQUITY

Share capital                                                     23(b)                  6,397                  4,114
Reserves                                                           23                  458,890                337,677


TOTAL EQUITY                                                                           465,287                341,791


The consolidated financial statements on pages 52 to 122 were approved and authorised for issue by the board of
directors on 31 March 2026 and are signed on its behalf by:

                                                       )
Wei Jiakun                                             )
                                                       )      Directors
Lin Weishan                                            )
                                                       )

The accompanying notes on pages 58 to 122 form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




       China Hongguang Holdings Limited
54 Annual Report 2025
         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                                   (Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



                                                                         Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                         PRC
                                                  Share       Share      Capital   statutory         Other    Exchange     Retained      Total
                                                 capital   premium      reserve      reserve       reserve      reserve    earnings     equity
                                       NOTE    RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000
                                               (note 23)   (note 23)   (note 23)    (note 23)     (note 23)

Balance at 1 January 2024                         4,114      93,625        (202)     16,209          2,320       (1,186)    203,037    317,917

Changes in equity for 2024:

Profit for the year                                   –           –           –            –             –            –      21,141     21,141
Other comprehensive loss                              –           –           –            –             –          (52)          –        (52)


Total comprehensive income                            –           –           –            –             –          (52)     21,141     21,089
Transferred to statutory reserve                      –           –           –        2,517             –            –      (2,517)         –
Fair value gain on equity instrument
  at FVTOCI                                           –           –           –            –         2,785            –           –      2,785


Balance at 31 December 2024
  and 1 January 2025                              4,114      93,625        (202)     18,726          5,105       (1,238)    221,661    341,791

Profit for the year                                   –           –           –            –             –           –       57,040     57,040
Other comprehensive loss                              –           –           –            –             –         215            –        215


Total comprehensive income                            –           –           –            –             –         215       57,040     57,255
Transferred to statutory reserve                      –           –           –        6,026             –           –       (6,026)         –
Fair value gain on equity instrument
   at FVTOCI                                          –           –           –            –           119            –           –        119
Issue of shares                        23(b)      2,283      64,141           –            –             –            –           –     66,424
Transaction costs of issue of shares   23(b)          –        (302)          –            –             –            –           –       (302)


Balance at 31 December 2025                       6,397     157,464        (202)     24,752          5,224       (1,023)    272,675    465,287


The accompanying notes on pages 52 to 122 form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2025          55
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



                                                               2025                     2024
                                                 Notes   RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000

Operating activities

Profit before income tax                         7(b)     65,737                   23,625
Adjustments for:
  Depreciation of property, plant and
     equipment                                    12       5,873                    9,670
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets             13          57                       57
  (Reversal of impairment losses)/impairment
     losses on trade and bill receivables, net   6(c)      (8,743)                 22,432
  Finance costs                                  6(a)       3,146                   4,126
  Interest income                                 5            (1)                     (2)
  Government grants recognised
     in profit or loss                            22         (424)                    (959)

Changes in working capital:
  Decrease/(increase) in inventories              15      10,178                    (5,596)
  Increase in trade and bill and other
    receivables                                   16      (71,567)                 (48,872)
  (Decrease)/increase in trade and other
    payables                                      18      (13,647)                 10,269


Cash (used in)/generated from operations                   (9,391)                 14,750
Tax paid                                                   (1,407)                 (2,539)


Net cash (used in)/generated from
 operating activities                                                  (10,798)                 12,211


Investing activities

Interest received                                               1                        2


Net cash generated from investing
 activities                                                                  1                       2




       China Hongguang Holdings Limited
56 Annual Report 2025
                                                           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                (Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



                                                                 2025                            2024
                                             NOTES         RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000

Financing activities
Proceeds from new bank loans                  17(b)           41,889                          57,948
Repayment of bank loans                       17(b)          (54,736)                        (56,874)
Proceeds from new other borrowings            17(b)                –                           6,500
Repayment of other borrowings                 17(b)           (7,255)                        (14,300)
Proceeds from issue of shares, net            23(b)           66,122                               –
Interest paid                                 17(b)           (3,146)                         (4,126)


Net cash generated from/(used in)
 financing activities                                                        42,874                            (10,852)


Net increase in cash and cash
 equivalents                                                                 32,077                             1,361

Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January                                         2,528                            1,167


Cash and cash equivalents at
  31 December                                 17(a)                          34,605                             2,528


Analysis of cash and cash equivalents
  at the end of the year
Cash and bank balances                                                       34,605                             2,528


The accompanying notes on pages 58 to 122 form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                            China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                          Annual Report 2025       57
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



1    GENERAL INFORMATION

     China Hongguang Holdings Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 25 May 2017
     as an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands. The
     Company’s shares are listed on GEM (“GEM”) of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited from 13 January 2020.
     The Group, comprising the Company and its subsidiaries, are principally engaged in the manufacture and sales of
     glass products in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”).

     The address of the registered office and principal place of business of the Company are Room 1202, 1204–06,
     12th Floor, The Chinese Bank Building, 61 Des Voeux Road Central, Central, Hong Kong and Eastside of Middle of
     Rongchi Road, Xianqiao, Rongcheng, Jieyang, Guangdong, the PRC respectively.

     The Company is an investment holding company and the principal activities of its subsidiaries are manufacturing
     and sales of glass products in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”). Particulars of the Group’s subsidiaries are set
     out in note 26 to the consolidated financial statements.

     The directors consider the immediate holding company of the Company to be Ming Liang Global Limited (“Ming
     Liang Global”), which was incorporated in the British Virgin Islands.

     The entire issued share capital of Ming Liang Global is held by Wei Family Limited, which is in turn entirely held
     by IQ EQ (BVI) Limited, acting as the trustee of The Wei Family Trust. The Wei Family Trust is a discretionary trust
     established by the directors of the Company, Mr. Wei Jiakun, Ms. Lin Weishan (the spouse of Mr. Wei Jiakun), and
     Ms. Liu Rong (the mother of Mr. Wei Jiakun) as the settlors and the beneficiaries of The Wei Family Trust include
     Mr. Wei Jiakun, Ms. Lin Weishan, Ms. Liu Rong and certain family members of Mr. Wei Jiakun. Accordingly, the
     directors also consider that Mr. Wei Jiakun, Ms. Lin Weishan and Ms. Liu Rong, being collectively, are ultimate
     controlling parties of the Company.

2    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION

     (a)   Statement of compliance

           These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards
           (which include all International Financial Reporting Standards, International Accounting Standards and
           Interpretations) issued by the International Accounting Standard Board (“IASB”) and the disclosure
           requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. These consolidated financial statements also comply
           with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on GEM of The Stock
           Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“GEM Listing Rules”). Material accounting policy information adopted by
           the Group are disclosed below.

           The IASB has issued certain amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards that are first effective for the current
           accounting period of the Group, details of which are set out in Note 2(c). None of these amendments to IFRS
           Accounting Standards have had a material effect on the Group’s consolidated financial statements for the
           current or prior accounting periods.




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
58 Annual Report 2025
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                     (Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

    (b)   Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements

          The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025 include the financial statements
          of the Company and its subsidiaries.

          Items included in the consolidated financial statements of each entity in the Group are measured using the
          currency that best reflects the economic substance of the underlying events and circumstances relevant to
          the entity (the “Functional Currency”). The functional currency of the Company and certain subsidiaries
          incorporated outside Mainland China is HK$ and the functional currency of the subsidiaries established in
          Mainland China is RMB, which is the currency of the primary economic environment in which those entities
          operate. Each entity in the Group determines its own functional currency and items included in the financial
          statements of each entity are measured using that functional currency. Except for share and earning per share
          information, the consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”) rounded to the nearest
          thousands, which is the presentation currency.

          The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for equity
          instrument that is measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period.

          Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and
          services.

          Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
          transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is
          directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset
          or a liability, the Group takes into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants
          would take those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date.
          Fair value for disclosure purposes in these consolidated financial statements is determined on such a basis,
          except for share-based payment transactions that are within the scope of IFRS 2 Share-based Payment, leasing
          transactions that are accounted for in accordance with IFRS 16 Leases, and measurements that have some
          similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net realisable value in IAS 2 Inventories or value in use
          in IAS 36 Impairment of Assets.

          In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level 1, 2 or 3
          based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance
          of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:

          •     Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the
                entity can access at the measurement date;

          •     Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the
                asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and

          •     Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.




                                                                                 China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                               Annual Report 2025        59
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



2    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

     (b)   Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements (Continued)

           The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRS Accounting Standards requires
           management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and
           reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. The estimates and associated assumptions
           are based on historical experience and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the
           circumstances, the results of which form the basis of making the judgements about carrying values of assets
           and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

           The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates
           are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the
           period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

           Judgements made by management in the application of IFRS Accounting Standards that have significant
           effect on the consolidated financial statements and major sources of estimation uncertainty are discussed in
           note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.

     (c)   Application of amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards

           (i)   New and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards that are mandatorily effective for the
                 current year

                 In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards
                 issued by the International Accounting Standard Board (“IASB”) for the first time, which are mandatorily
                 effective for the Group’s annual period beginning on 1 January 2024 for the preparation of the
                 consolidated financial statements:

                 Amendments to IAS 21                        Lack of Exchangeability

                 The application of the amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards in the current year has had no
                 material impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/
                 or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
60 Annual Report 2025
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                                  (Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

    (c)   Application of amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards (Continued)

          (ii)   New and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards in issue but not yet effective

                 The Group has not applied the following new and amended IFRS Accounting Standards, that have been
                 issued but are not yet effective, in these financial statements. The Groups intends to apply these new
                 and amended IFRS Accounting Standards, if applicable, when they become effective.

                 Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                      Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of
                                                                        Financial Instruments2
                 Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                      Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity2
                 Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28                     Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
                                                                        Associate or Joint Venture1
                 Amendments to IFRS Accounting                        Amendments to IFRS 1, IFRS 7, IFRS 9 , IFRS 10 and IAS 72
                    Standards – Volume 11
                 IFRS 18                                              Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements3
                 IFRS 19 and its amendments                           Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures3
                 Amendments to IAS 21                                 Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation Currency3

                 1
                      No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption.
                 2
                      Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026
                 3
                      Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027


                 Except as described below, the directors of the Company anticipate that the application of all other
                 new and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards, which are not yet effective, will have no material
                 impact on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.

                 IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements, which sets out requirements on
                 presentation and disclosures in financial statements, will replace IAS 1 Presentation of Financial
                 Statements. This new IFRS Accounting Standard, while carrying forward many of the requirements in IAS
                 1, introduces new requirements to present specified categories and defined subtotals in the statement
                 of profit or loss; provide disclosures on management-defined performance measures in the notes to the
                 financial statements and improve aggregation and disaggregation of information to be disclosed in the
                 financial statements. In addition, some IAS 1 paragraphs have been moved to IAS 8 and IFRS 7. Minor
                 amendments to IAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows and IAS 33 Earnings per Share are also made.

                 IFRS 18, and amendments to other standards, will be effective for annual periods beginning on or after
                 1 January 2027, with early application permitted. The application of the new standard is expected
                 to affect the presentation of the statement of profit or loss and disclosures in the future financial
                 statements. The Group is in the process of assessing the detailed impact of IFRS 18 on the Group’s
                 consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                               China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2025   61
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



2    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

     (d)   Subsidiaries

           Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed, or has
           rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns
           through its power over the entity. When assessing whether the Group has power, only substantive rights (held
           by the Group and other parties) are considered.

           The results of a subsidiary is consolidated into the consolidated financial statements from the date that
           control commences until the date that control ceases. Intra-group balances, transactions and cash flows and
           any unrealised profits arising from intra-group transactions are eliminated in full in preparing the consolidated
           financial statements. Unrealised losses resulting from intra-group transactions are eliminated in the same way
           as unrealised gains but only to the extent that there is no evidence of impairment.

           Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for
           as equity transactions, whereby adjustments are made to the amounts of controlling and non-controlling
           interests within consolidated equity to reflect the change in relative interests, but no adjustments are made to
           goodwill and no gain or loss is recognised.

           When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that
           subsidiary, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former
           subsidiary at the date when control is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair
           value on initial recognition of a financial asset or, when appropriate, the cost on initial recognition of an
           investment in an associate or joint venture.

           In the Company’s statement of financial position, investments in subsidiaries are stated at cost less any
           identified impairment losses (see note 2(i)), unless the investment is classified as held for sale (or included in a
           disposal group that is classified as held for sale).

     (e)   Business combinations or asset acquisitions

           Optional concentration test

           The Group can elect to apply an optional concentration test, on a transaction-by-transaction basis, that
           permits a simplified assessment of whether an acquired set of activities and assets is not a business. The
           concentration test is met if substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a
           single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets. The gross assets under assessment exclude cash
           and cash equivalents, deferred tax assets, and goodwill resulting from the effects of deferred tax liabilities. If
           the concentration test is met, the set of activities and assets is determined not to be a business and no further
           assessment is needed.

           Asset acquisitions

           When the Group acquires a group of assets and liabilities that do not constitute a business, the Group
           identifies and recognises the individual identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed by allocating the
           purchase price first to financial assets/financial liabilities at the respective fair values, the remaining balance of
           the purchase price is then allocated to the other identifiable assets and liabilities on the basis of their relative
           fair values at the date of purchase. Such a transaction does not give rise to goodwill or bargain purchase gain.




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
62 Annual Report 2025
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                    (Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

    (e)   Business combinations or asset acquisitions (Continued)

          Business combinations

          A business is an integrated set of activities and assets which includes an input and a substantive process
          that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. The acquired processes are considered
          substantive if they are critical to the ability to continue producing outputs, including an organised workforce
          with the necessary skills, knowledge, or experience to perform the related processes or they significantly
          contribute to the ability to continue producing outputs and are considered unique or scarce or cannot be
          replaced without significant cost, effort, or delay in the ability to continue producing outputs.

          Acquisitions of businesses, other than business combination under common control, are accounted for using
          the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in a business combination is measured at fair value,
          which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition-date fair values of the assets transferred by the Group,
          liabilities incurred by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the
          Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition-related costs are generally recognised in profit or
          loss as incurred.

          The identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed must meet the definitions of an asset and a liability
          in the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting (the “Conceptual Framework”) except for transactions
          and events within the scope of IAS 37 or IFRIC interpretation 21, in which the Group applies IAS 37 or IFRIC
          interpretation 21 instead of the Conceptual Framework to identify the liabilities it has assumed in a business
          combination. Contingent assets are not recognised.

          At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognised at their fair
          value, except that:

          •    deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to employee benefit arrangements
               are recognised and measured in accordance with IAS 12 Income Taxes and IAS 19 Employee Benefits
               respectively;

          •    liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree or share-
               based payment arrangements of the Group entered into to replace share-based payment arrangements
               of the acquiree are measured in accordance with IFRS 2 at the acquisition date (see the accounting
               policy below);

          •    assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with IFRS 5 Non-current Assets
               Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations are measured in accordance with that standard; and

          •    lease liabilities are recognised and measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments (as
               defined in IFRS 16) as if the acquired leases were new leases at the acquisition date, except for leases
               for which (a) the lease term ends within 12 months of the acquisition date; or (b) the underlying asset is
               of low value. Right-of-use assets are recognised and measured at the same amount as the relevant lease
               liabilities, adjusted to reflect favourable or unfavourable terms of the lease when compared with market
               terms.




                                                                               China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                             Annual Report 2025        63
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



2    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

     (e)   Business combinations or asset acquisitions (Continued)

           Business combinations (Continued)

           Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-
           controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in
           the acquiree (if any) over the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed as
           at acquisition date. If, after reassessment, the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities
           assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interests in
           the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held interest in the acquiree (if any), the excess is
           recognised immediately in profit or loss as a bargain purchase gain.

           Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate
           share of the relevant subsidiary’s net assets in the event of liquidation are initially measured at the non-
           controlling interests’ proportionate share of the recognised amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets
           or at fair value. The choice of measurement basis is made on a transaction-by-transaction basis.

           When the consideration transferred by the Group in a business combination includes a contingent
           consideration arrangement, the contingent consideration is measured at its acquisition-date fair value and
           included as part of the consideration transferred in a business combination. Changes in the fair value of
           the contingent consideration that qualify as measurement period adjustments are adjusted retrospectively.
           Measurement period adjustments are adjustments that arise from additional information obtained during
           the “measurement period” (which cannot exceed one year from the acquisition date) about facts and
           circumstances that existed at the acquisition date.

           The subsequent accounting for the contingent consideration that do not qualify as measurement period
           adjustments depends on how the contingent consideration is classified. Contingent consideration that
           is classified as equity is not remeasured at subsequent reporting dates and its subsequent settlement is
           accounted for within equity. Contingent consideration that is classified as an asset or a liability is remeasured
           to fair value at subsequent reporting dates, with the corresponding gain or loss being recognised in profit or
           loss.

           When a business combination is achieved in stages, the Group’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree
           is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date (i.e. the date when the Group obtains control), and the
           resulting gain or loss, if any, is recognised in profit or loss or other comprehensive income, as appropriate.
           Amounts arising from interests in the acquiree prior to the acquisition date that have previously been
           recognised in other comprehensive income and measured under IFRS 9 would be accounted for on the same
           basis as would be required if the Group had disposed directly of the previously held equity interest.




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
64 Annual Report 2025
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                  (Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

    (e)   Business combinations or asset acquisitions (Continued)

          Business combinations (Continued)

          If the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in which
          the combination occurs, the Group reports provisional amounts for the items for which the accounting is
          incomplete. Those provisional amounts are adjusted retrospectively during the measurement period (see
          above), and additional assets or liabilities are recognised, to reflect new information obtained about facts
          and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date that, if known, would have affected the amounts
          recognised at that date.

    (f)   Goodwill

          Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of acquisition of
          the business (see the accounting policy above) less accumulated impairment losses, if any.

          For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units
          (or group of cash-generating units) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination, which
          represent the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes and not
          larger than an operating segment.

          A cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for
          impairment annually or more frequently when there is indication that the unit may be impaired. For goodwill
          arising on an acquisition in a reporting period, the cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units)
          to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment before the end of that reporting period. If
          the recoverable amount is less than its carrying amount, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the
          carrying amount of any goodwill and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying
          amount of each asset in the unit (or group of cash-generating units).

          On disposal of the relevant cash-generating unit or any of the cash-generating unit within the group of cash-
          generating units, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the amount of profit
          or loss on disposal. When the Group disposes of an operation within the cash-generating unit (or a cash-
          generating unit within a group of cash-generating units), the amount of goodwill disposed of is measured on
          the basis of the relative values of the operation (or the cash-generating unit) disposed of and the portion of
          the cash-generating unit (or the group of cash-generating units) retained.




                                                                              China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                            Annual Report 2025       65
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



2    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

     (g)   Property, plant and equipment

           Property, plant and equipment, other than construction in progress, are stated in the consolidated
           statement of financial position at cost less accumulated depreciation and any identified impairment losses
           (see note 2(i)(ii)).

           The cost of self-constructed items of property, plant and equipment includes the cost of materials, direct
           labour, the initial estimate, where relevant, of the costs of dismantling and removing the items and restoring
           the site on which they are located, and an appropriate proportion of production overheads and borrowing
           costs (see note 2(w)).

           Gains or losses arising from the retirement or disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment are
           determined as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the item and are
           recognised in profit or loss on the date of retirement or disposal.

           Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost of items of property, plant and equipment (other than
           construction in progress), less their estimated residual value, if any, using the straight-line method over their
           estimated useful lives as follows:

           Plant and buildings                                                                       5–20 years
           Machinery and equipment                                                                   2–10 years
           Office and other equipment                                                                3–10 years
           Leasehold improvement                                                                     5 years

           Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of the item is
           allocated on a reasonable basis between the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Both the useful life
           of an asset and its residual value, if any, are reviewed annually.

           Construction in progress represents property, plant and equipment under construction and equipment
           pending installation, and is stated at cost less any identified impairment losses (see note 2(i)(ii)).

           Capitalisation of construction in progress costs ceases and the construction in progress is transferred to
           property, plant and equipment when substantially all of the activities necessary to prepare the assets for their
           intended use are completed.

           No depreciation is provided in respect of construction in progress until it is substantially completed and ready
           for its intended use.




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
66 Annual Report 2025
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                   (Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

    (h)   Leases

          At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or
          contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time
          in exchange for consideration. Control is conveyed where the customer has both the right to direct the use of
          the identified asset and to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from that use.

          As a lessee

          Where the contract contains lease component(s) and non-lease component(s), the Group has elected not
          to separate non-lease components and accounts for each lease component and any associated non-lease
          components as a single lease component for all leases.

          At the lease commencement date, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability, except for
          short-term leases of equipment that have a lease term of 12 months or less and leases of low-value assets.
          The lease payments associated with those leases which are not capitalised are recognised as an expense on a
          straight-line basis over the lease term.

          The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability
          adjusted for any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs
          incurred and an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying
          asset or the site on which it is located, less any lease incentives received.

          The right-of-use asset is subsequently depreciated using the straight-line method from the commencement
          date to the earlier of the end of the useful life of the right-of-use asset or the end of the lease term. The
          estimated useful lives of right-of-use assets are determined on the same basis as those of property, plant
          and equipment. In addition, the right-of-use asset is periodically reduced by impairment losses, if any, and
          adjusted for certain remeasurements of the lease liability.

          The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the
          commencement date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily
          determined, the Group’s incremental borrowing rate.

          Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise the following:

          –    fixed payments, including in-substance fixed payments;

          –    variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as
               at the commencement date;

          –    amounts expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee; and

          –    the exercise price under a purchase option that the Group is reasonably certain to exercise, lease
               payments in an optional renewal period if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise an extension
               option, and penalties for early termination of a lease unless the Group is reasonably certain not to
               terminate early.



                                                                               China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                             Annual Report 2025        67
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



2    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

     (h)   Leases (Continued)

           As a lessee (Continued)

           After initial recognition, the lease liability is measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.
           It is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in an index or
           rate, if there is a change in the Group’s estimate of the amount expected to be payable under a residual
           value guarantee, or if the Group changes its assessment of whether it will exercise a purchase, extension or
           termination option. When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made
           to the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the
           right-of-use asset has been reduced to zero.

           Changes in the basis for determining the future lease payments as a result of interest rate benchmark reform

           For changes in the basis for determining the future lease payments as a result of interest rate benchmark
           reform, the Group applies the practical expedient to remeasure the lease liabilities by discounting the revised
           lease payments using the unchanged discount rate and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related
           right-of-use assets. A lease modification is required by interest rate benchmark reform if, and only if, both of
           these conditions are met:

           •    the modification is necessary as a direct consequence of interest rate benchmark reform; and

           •    the new basis for determining the lease payments is economically equivalent to the previous basis (i.e.
                the basis immediately preceding the modification).




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
68 Annual Report 2025
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                      (Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

    (h)   Leases (Continued)

          As a lessor

          When the Group acts as a lessor, it determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease or
          an operating lease. A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all the risks and rewards
          incidental to the ownership of an underlying assets to the lessee. If this is not the case, the lease is classified as
          an operating lease.

          When a contract contains lease and non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the
          contract to each component on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. The rental income from operating
          leases is recognised in accordance with note 2(u)(ii).

          Sale and leaseback transactions

          The Group applies the requirements of IFRS 15 to assess whether sale and leaseback transaction constitutes a
          sale by the Group.

          The Group as a seller-lessee

          For a transfer that does not satisfy the requirements as a sale, the Group as a seller-lessee continues to
          recognise the assets and accounts for the transfer proceeds as other borrowings within the scope of IFRS 9.

    (i)   Credit losses and impairment of assets

          (i)   Credit losses from financial instruments and contract assets

                The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) on the following items:

                –     financial assets measured at amortised cost (including cash and cash equivalents, trade and bill
                      receivables and other receivables); and

                –     contract assets as defined in IFRS 15 (see note 2(k)).




                                                                                  China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                                Annual Report 2025         69
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



2    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

     (i)   Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)

           (i)   Credit losses from financial instruments and contract assets (Continued)

                 Measurement of ECLs

                 ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the present
                 value of all expected cash shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the Group in
                 accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive).

                 The expected cash shortfalls are discounted using the following discount rates where the effect of
                 discounting is material:

                 –     fixed-rate financial assets, trade and bill and other receivables and contract assets: effective
                       interest rate determined at initial recognition or an approximation thereof;

                 –     variable-rate financial assets: current effective interest rate.

                 The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over which
                 the Group is exposed to credit risk.

                 In measuring ECLs, the Group takes into account reasonable and supportable information that is
                 available without undue cost or effort. This includes information about past events, current conditions
                 and forecasts of future economic conditions.

                 ECLs are measured on either of the following bases:

                 –     12-month ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from possible default events within
                       the 12 months after the reporting date; and

                 –     lifetime ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from all possible default events over the
                       expected lives of the items to which the ECL model applies.

                 Loss allowances for trade receivables and contract assets are always measured at an amount equal to
                 lifetime ECLs. ECLs on these financial assets are estimated using a provision matrix based on the Group’s
                 historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors and an assessment
                 of both the current and forecast general economic conditions at the reporting date.

                 For all other financial instruments, the Group recognises a loss allowance equal to 12-month ECLs unless
                 there has been a significant increase in credit risk of the financial instrument since initial recognition, in
                 which case the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
70 Annual Report 2025
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                    (Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

    (i)   Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)

          (i)   Credit losses from financial instruments and contract assets (Continued)

                Significant increase in credit risk

                In assessing whether the credit risk of a financial instrument is increased significantly since initial
                recognition, the Group compares the risk of default occurring on the financial instrument assessed at
                the reporting date with that assessed at the date of initial recognition. In making this reassessment, the
                Group considers that a default event occurs when (i) the borrower is unlikely to pay its credit obligations
                to the Group in full, without recourse by the Group to actions such as realising security (if any is held);
                or (ii) the financial asset is 90 days past due. The Group considers both quantitative and qualitative
                information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking
                information that is available without undue cost or effort.

                In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has
                increased significantly since initial recognition:

                –     failure to make payments of principal or interest on their contractually due dates;

                –     an actual or expected significant deterioration in a financial instrument’s external or internal credit
                      rating (if available);

                –     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor; and

                –     existing or forecast changes in the technological, market, economic or legal environment that have
                      a significant adverse effect on the debtor’s ability to meet its obligation to the Group.

                Depending on the nature of the financial instruments, the assessment of a significant increase in credit
                risk is performed on either an individual basis or a collective basis. When the assessment is performed
                on a collective basis, the financial instruments are grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics,
                such as past due status and credit risk ratings.

                ECLs are remeasured at each reporting date to reflect changes in the financial instrument’s credit risk
                since initial recognition. Any change in the ECL amount is recognised as an impairment gain or loss
                in profit or loss. The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss for all financial instruments with a
                corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account.




                                                                                China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                              Annual Report 2025        71
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



2    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

     (i)   Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)

           (i)   Credit losses from financial instruments and contract assets (Continued)

                 Basis of calculation of interest income

                 Interest income recognised in accordance with note 2(u)(iii) is calculated based on the gross carrying
                 amount of the financial asset unless the financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income
                 is calculated based on the amortised cost (i.e. the gross carrying amount less loss allowance) of the
                 financial asset.

                 Credit impairment

                 At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether a financial asset is credit-impaired. A financial asset
                 is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash
                 flows of the financial asset have occurred.

                 Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the following observable events:

                 –    significant financial difficulties of the debtor;

                 –    a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

                 –    it becoming probable that the borrower will enter into bankruptcy or other financial
                      reorganisation;

                 –    significant changes in the technological, market, economic or legal environment that have an
                      adverse effect on the debtor; or

                 –    the disappearance of an active market for a security because of financial difficulties of the issuer.

                 Write-off policy

                 The gross carrying amount of a financial asset or contract asset is written off (either partially or in full)
                 to the extent that there is no realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case when the Group
                 determines that the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient
                 cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the write-off.

                 Subsequent recoveries of an asset that was previously written off are recognised as a reversal of
                 impairment in profit or loss in the period in which the recovery occurs.




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
72 Annual Report 2025
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                     (Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

    (i)   Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)

          (ii)   Impairment of other non-current assets

                 Internal and external sources of information are reviewed at the end of each reporting period to identify
                 indications that the following assets may be impaired or, except in the case of goodwill, an impairment
                 loss previously recognised no longer exists or may have decreased:

                 –    property, plant and equipment;

                 –    right-of-use asset; and

                 –    investments in subsidiaries in the Company’s statement of financial position.

                 If any such indication exists, the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated.

                 –    Calculation of recoverable amount

                      The recoverable amount of an asset is the greater of its fair value less costs of disposal and value
                      in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present
                      value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of
                      money and the risks specific to the asset. Where an asset does not generate cash inflows largely
                      independent of those from other assets, the recoverable amount is determined for the smallest
                      group of assets that generates cash inflows independently (i.e. a cash-generating unit).

                 –    Recognition of impairment losses

                      An impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss if the carrying amount of an asset, or the cash-
                      generating unit to which it belongs, exceeds its recoverable amount. Impairment losses recognised
                      in respect of cash-generating units are allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any
                      goodwill allocated to the cash-generating unit (or group of units) and then, to reduce the carrying
                      amount of the other assets in the unit (or group of units) on a pro rata basis, except that the
                      carrying value of an asset will not be reduced below its individual fair value less costs of disposal (if
                      measurable) or value in use (if determinable).

                 –    Reversals of impairment losses

                      In respect of assets other than goodwill, an impairment loss is reversed if there has been a
                      favourable change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. An impairment
                      loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed.

                      A reversal of an impairment loss is limited to the asset’s carrying amount that would have been
                      determined had no impairment loss been recognised in prior years. Reversals of impairment losses
                      are credited to profit or loss in the year in which the reversals are recognised.




                                                                                 China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                               Annual Report 2025         73
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



2    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

     (j)   Inventories

           Inventories are assets which are held for sale in the ordinary course of business, in the process of production
           for such sale or in the form of materials or supplies to be consumed in the production process or in the
           rendering of services.

           Inventories are carried at the lower of cost and net realisable value.

           Cost is calculated using the weighted average cost formula and comprises all costs of purchase, costs of
           conversion and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition.

           Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of
           completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

           When inventories are sold, the carrying amount of those inventories is recognised as an expense in the period
           in which the related revenue is recognised.

           The amount of any write-down of inventories to net realisable value and all losses of inventories are
           recognised as an expense in the period the write-down or loss occurs. The amount of any reversal of any
           write-down of inventories is recognised as a reduction in the amount of inventories recognised as an expense
           in the period in which the reversal occurs.

     (k)   Contract assets and contract liabilities

           A contract asset is recognised when the Group recognises revenue (see note 2(u)) before being
           unconditionally entitled to the consideration under the payment terms set out in the contract. Contract
           assets are assessed for expected credit losses (ECL) in accordance with the policy set out in note 2(i)(i) and are
           reclassified to receivables when the right to the consideration has become unconditional (see note 2(m)).

           A contract liability is recognised when the customer pays non-refundable consideration before the Group
           recognises the related revenue (see note 2(u)). A contract liability would also be recognised if the Group
           has an unconditional right to receive non-refundable consideration before the Group recognises the related
           revenue. In such cases, a corresponding receivable would also be recognised (see note 2(m)).

           For a single contract with the customer, either a net contract asset or a net contract liability is presented. For
           multiple contracts, contract assets and contract liabilities of unrelated contracts are not presented on a net
           basis.




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
74 Annual Report 2025
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                     (Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

    (l)   Financial instruments

          Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the contractual
          provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and
          derecognized on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets
          that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the market
          place.

          Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivables arising
          from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with IFRS 15. Transaction costs
          that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than
          financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)) are added to or deducted
          from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition.
          Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL are
          recognised immediately in profit or loss.

          The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial
          liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest
          rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees and
          points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other
          premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability, or, where
          appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.

          The Group recognises the difference between the fair value at initial recognition and the transaction price
          as a gain or loss if that fair value is evidenced by a quoted price in an active market for an identical asset or
          liability (i.e. a Level 1 input) or based on a valuation technique that uses only data from observable market. In
          other circumstances, the Group recognise the difference between the fair value at initial recognition and the
          transaction price in other reserve.

          Financial assets

          Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets

          Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

          •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows;
                and

          •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
                interest on the principal amount outstanding.




                                                                                China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                              Annual Report 2025         75
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



2    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

     (l)   Financial instruments (Continued)

           Financial assets (Continued)

           Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (Continued)

           Debt instruments that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at fair value through other
           comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”):

           •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both selling and
                 collecting contractual cash flows; and

           •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
                 interest on the principal amount outstanding.

           All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except that at initial recognition of a financial
           asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in fair value of an equity investment in
           other comprehensive income if that equity investment is neither held for trading nor contingent consideration
           recognised by an acquirer in a business combination to which IFRS 3 Business Combinations applies.

           A financial asset is held for trading if:

           •     it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or

           •     on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages
                 together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or

           •     it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.

           In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that are required to be measured at the
           amortised cost or FVTOCI as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting
           mismatch.




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
76 Annual Report 2025
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                    (Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

    (I)   Financial instruments (Continued)

          Financial assets (Continued)

          Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (Continued)

          Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI

          Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair value with gains and losses
          arising from changes in fair value recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the other
          reserve; and are not subject to impairment assessment. The cumulative gain or loss will not be reclassified to
          profit or loss on disposal of the equity investments.

    (m) Trade and bill and other receivables

          A receivable is recognised when the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration. A right
          to receive consideration is unconditional if only the passage of time is required before payment of that
          consideration is due. If revenue has been recognised before the Group has an unconditional right to receive
          consideration, the amount is presented as a contract asset (see note 2(k)).

          Receivables are stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method less allowance for credit losses (see
          note 2(i)(i)).

    (n)   Cash and cash equivalents

          Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand, demand deposits with banks and other
          financial institutions, and short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known
          amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, having been within three
          months of maturity at acquisition. Cash and cash equivalents are assessed for expected credit losses (ECL) in
          accordance with the policy set out in note 2(i)(i).

    (o)   Trade and other payables

          Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value, and are subsequently stated at amortised cost
          unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which case they are stated at cost.




                                                                               China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                             Annual Report 2025        77
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



2    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

     (p)   Interest-bearing borrowings

           Interest-bearing borrowings are measured initially at fair value less transaction costs. Subsequent to initial
           recognition, interest-bearing borrowings are stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method.
           Interest expense is recognised in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy for borrowing costs (see
           note 2(w)).

     (q)   Employee benefits

           Salaries, annual bonuses, paid annual leave, contributions to defined contribution retirement plans and
           the cost of non-monetary benefits are accrued in the year in which the associated services are rendered by
           employees. Where payment or settlement is deferred and the effect would be material, these amounts are
           stated at their present values.

           The Group operates a defined contribution Mandatory Provident Fund retirement benefit scheme (the “MPF
           Scheme”) under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for those employees who are eligible
           to participate in the MPF Scheme. Contributions are made based on a percentage of the employees’ basic
           salaries and are charged to the profit or loss in respect of the period as they become payable in accordance
           with the rules of the MPF Scheme. The assets of the MPF Scheme are held separately from those of the Group
           in an independently administered fund. The Group’s employer contributions vest fully with the employees
           when contributed into the MPF Scheme.

           The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries which operate in the PRC are required to participate in a central
           pension scheme operated by the local municipal government. The subsidiaries are required to contribute
           certain percentages of their payroll costs to the central pension scheme. The contributions are charged to
           the profit or loss in respect of the period as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the central
           pension scheme.

     (r)   Research and development

           Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred. Expenditure
           on development activities is capitalised if the product or process is technically and commercially feasible and
           the Group has sufficient resources and the intention to complete development. The expenditure capitalised
           includes the costs of materials, direct labour, and an appropriate proportion of overheads and borrowing
           costs, where applicable. Capitalised development costs are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation and
           impairment losses. Other development expenditure is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is
           incurred.




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
78 Annual Report 2025
                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                        (Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

    (s)   Income tax

          Income tax for the year comprises current tax and movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities. Current tax
          and movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that
          they relate to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case the relevant
          amounts of tax are recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.

          Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or
          substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of
          previous years.

          Deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from deductible and taxable temporary differences respectively, being
          the differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and
          their tax bases. Deferred tax assets also arise from unused tax losses and unused tax credits.

          Apart from certain limited exceptions, all deferred tax liabilities, and all deferred tax assets to the extent that it is
          probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the asset can be utilised, are recognised.
          Future taxable profits that may support the recognition of deferred tax assets arising from deductible
          temporary differences include those that will arise from the reversal of existing taxable temporary differences,
          provided those differences relate to the same taxation authority and the same taxable entity, and are
          expected to reverse either in the same period as the expected reversal of the deductible temporary difference
          or in periods into which a tax loss arising from the deferred tax asset can be carried back or forward. The
          same criteria are adopted when determining whether existing taxable temporary differences support the
          recognition of deferred tax assets arising from unused tax losses and credits, that is, those differences are
          taken into account if they relate to the same taxation authority and the same taxable entity, and are expected
          to reverse in a period, or periods, in which the tax loss or credit can be utilised.

          The amount of deferred tax recognised is measured based on the expected manner of realisation or
          settlement of the carrying amount of the assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted
          at the end of the reporting period. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not discounted.

          The carrying amount of a deferred tax asset is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and is reduced
          to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow the related
          tax benefit to be utilised. Any such reduction is reversed to the extent that it becomes probable that sufficient
          taxable profits will be available.




                                                                                   China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025           79
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



2    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

     (s)   Income tax (Continued)

           Current tax balances and deferred tax balances, and movements therein, are presented separately from each
           other and are not offset. Current tax assets are offset against current tax liabilities, and deferred tax assets
           against deferred tax liabilities, if the Company or the Group has the legally enforceable right to set off current
           tax assets against current tax liabilities and the following additional conditions are met:

           –    in the case of current tax assets and liabilities, the Company or the Group intends either to settle on a
                net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously; or

           –    in the case of deferred tax assets and liabilities, if they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation
                authority on either:

                –     the same taxable entity; or

                –     different taxable entities, which, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred
                      tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered, intend to realise the current tax assets
                      and settle the current tax liabilities on a net basis or realise and settle simultaneously.

     (t)   Provisions and contingent liabilities

           Provisions are recognised when the Group has a legal or constructive obligation arising as a result of a past
           event, it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a
           reliable estimate can be made. Where the time value of money is material, provisions are stated at the present
           value of the expenditure expected to settle the obligation.

           Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be
           estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of
           economic benefits is remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence
           or non-occurrence of one or more future events, are also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the
           probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.

     (u)   Revenue and other income

           Income is classified by the Group as revenue when it arises from the sale of goods, the provision of services or
           the use by others of the Group’s assets under leases in the ordinary course of the Group’s business.

           Revenue is recognised when control over a product or service is transferred to the customer, or the lessee
           has the right to use the asset, at the amount of promised consideration to which the Group is expected to be
           entitled, excluding those amounts collected on behalf of third parties. Revenue excludes value added tax or
           other sales taxes and is after deduction of any trade discounts.




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
80 Annual Report 2025
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                   (Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

    (u)   Revenue and other income (Continued)

          Where the contract contains a financing component which provides a significant financing benefit to the
          customer for more than 12 months, revenue is measured at the present value of the amount receivable,
          discounted using the discount rate that would be reflected in a separate financing transaction with the
          customer, and interest income is accrued separately under the effective interest method. Where the contract
          contains a financing component which provides a significant financing benefit to the Group, revenue
          recognised under that contract includes the interest expense accreted on the contract liability under the
          effective interest method. The Group takes advantage of the practical expedient in paragraph 63 of IFRS 15
          and does not adjust the consideration for any effects of a significant financing component if the period of
          financing is 12 months or less.

          Further details of the Group’s revenue and other income recognition policies are as follows:

          (i)    Sale of glass products

                 Revenue is recognised when the customer takes possession of and accepts the products. If the products
                 are a partial fulfilment of a contract covering other goods and/or services, then the amount of revenue
                 recognised is an appropriate proportion of the total transaction price under the contract, allocated
                 between all the control of goods and services transferred under the contract on a relative stand-alone
                 selling price basis.

          (ii)   Rental income from operating leases

                 Rental income receivable under operating leases is recognised in profit or loss in equal instalments
                 over the periods covered by the lease term, except where an alternative basis is more representative
                 of the pattern of benefits to be derived from the use of the leased asset. Lease incentives granted are
                 recognised in profit or loss as an integral part of the aggregate net lease payments receivable. Variable
                 lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as income in the accounting
                 period in which they are earned.

          (iii) Interest income

                 Interest income is recognised as it accrues under the effective interest method using the rate that
                 exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts through the expected life of the financial asset to the
                 gross carrying amount of the financial asset. For financial assets measured at amortised cost that are
                 not credit-impaired, the effective interest rate is applied to the gross carrying amount of the asset. For
                 credit-impaired financial assets, the effective interest rate is applied to the amortised cost (i.e. gross
                 carrying amount net of loss allowance) of the asset (see note 2(i)(i)).




                                                                               China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                             Annual Report 2025       81
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



2    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

     (u)   Revenue and other income (Continued)

           (iv) Government grants

                Government grants are recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position initially when
                there is reasonable assurance that they will be received and that the Group will comply with the
                conditions attaching to them. Grants that compensate the Group for expenses incurred are recognised
                as income in profit or loss on a systematic basis in the same periods in which the expenses are incurred.
                Grants that compensate the Group for the cost of an asset are recognised initially as deferred income
                and amortised as income in the profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the useful life of the related
                asset.

     (v)   Translation of foreign currencies

           Foreign currency transactions during the year are translated at the foreign exchange rates ruling at the
           transaction dates. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the
           foreign exchange rates ruling at the end of the reporting period. Exchange gains and losses are recognised in
           profit or loss.

           Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are
           translated using the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction dates. The transaction date is the date on
           which the Group initially recognises such non-monetary assets or liabilities. Non-monetary assets and liabilities
           denominated in foreign currencies that are stated at fair value are translated using the foreign exchange rates
           ruling at the dates the fair value was measured.

           The results of foreign operations are translated into RMB at the exchange rates approximating the foreign
           exchange rates ruling at the dates of the transactions. Statement of financial position items are translated
           into RMB at the closing foreign exchange rates at the end of the reporting period. The resulting exchange
           differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated separately in equity in the
           exchange reserve.

           On disposal of a foreign operation, the cumulative amount of the exchange differences relating to that
           foreign operation is reclassified from equity to profit or loss when the profit or loss on disposal is recognised.

     (w) Borrowing costs

           Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which
           are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are
           added to the cost of those assets until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or
           sale.

           Any specific borrowing that remain outstanding after the related asset is ready for its intended use or
           sale is included in the general borrowing pool for calculation of capitalisation rate on general borrowings.
           Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on
           qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

           All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
82 Annual Report 2025
                                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                        (Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

    (x)   Related parties

          (a)   A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person:

                (i)     has control or joint control over the Group;

                (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or

                (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group’s parent.

          (b)   An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:

                (i)     The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent,
                        subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).

                (ii)    One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a
                        member of a group of which the other entity is a member).

                (iii)   Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.

                (iv)    One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity.

                (v)     The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or
                        an entity related to the Group.

                (vi)    The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a).

                (vii)   A person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                        management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).

                (viii) The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel
                       services to the Group or to the Group’s parent.

          Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be
          influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.




                                                                                    China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025        83
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



2    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

     (y)   Segment reporting

           Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the consolidated financial
           statements, are identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Group’s chief operating
           decision maker (“CODM”) being the most senior executive management for the purposes of allocating
           resources to, and assessing the performance of, the Group’s various lines of business and geographical
           locations.

           Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless the
           segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of products and
           services, the nature of production processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used to distribute
           the products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments
           which are not individually material may be aggregated if they share a majority of these criteria.

3    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
     UNCERTAINTY

     In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in note 2, the directors of the Company
     are required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
     that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical
     experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

     The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
     recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of
     the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

     (a)   Sources of estimation uncertainty

           Key sources of estimation uncertainty are as follows:

           (i)   Provision for expected credit losses of trade receivables

                 The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade receivables. The provision matrix is
                 based on management’s estimate of the lifetime expected credit losses to be incurred, which is
                 estimated by taking into account the ageing of trade receivable balances, the repayment history of
                 the Group’s individual customers, current market conditions and customer-specific conditions, all of
                 which involve a significant degree of management judgement. The provision of ECLs is sensitive to
                 changes in circumstances and of customer-specific conditions. The information about the ECLs and
                 trade receivables are disclosed in notes 16 and 24(a). If the financial condition of the customers was to
                 deteriorate, actual loss allowance would be higher than estimated.




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
84 Annual Report 2025
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                    (Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



3   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
    UNCERTAINTY (Continued)

    (a)   Sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

          (ii)   Net realisable value of inventories

                 Net realisable value of inventories is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less
                 estimated costs of completion and distribution expenses. These estimates are based on the current
                 market condition and historical experience of selling products of similar nature. It could change
                 significantly as a result of competitor actions in response to changes in market conditions. Management
                 reassesses these estimations at the end of the reporting period to ensure inventories are recognised at
                 the lower of cost and net realisable value.

          (iii) Fair value measurement of equity instrument

                 As at 31 December 2025, certain of the Group’s equity instrument amounting to RMB28,131,000 (2024:
                 RMB28,012,000) are measured at fair value with fair value being determined based on significant
                 unobservable inputs using valuation techniques. Judgement and estimation are required in establishing
                 the relevant valuation techniques and the relevant inputs thereof. Changes in assumptions relating to
                 these factors could result in material adjustments to the fair value of these instruments. See note 25 for
                 further disclosures.

          (iv) Depreciation of property, plant and equipment

                 Property, plant and equipment are depreciated on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives
                 after taking into account their estimated residual values. The determination of the useful lives involves
                 management’s estimation. The Group assesses annually the useful lives of the property, plant and
                 equipment and if the expectation differs from the original estimate, such a difference may impact the
                 depreciation charges for the future years.

          (v)    Impairment of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets

                 Management of the Group determines on a regular basis whether there are any indications that the
                 property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets are impaired. Impairment loss for property, plant
                 and equipment and right-of-use assets are recognised when the carrying amounts of each of the assets
                 exceed their respective recoverable amounts, which are determined based on the higher of fair value
                 less costs of disposal and value in use. The fair values of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use
                 assets are estimated by reference to their expected selling prices which are affected by various factors,
                 including market conditions and the technological occurrence. The value in use calculation requires the
                 use of estimates such as the future revenue and discount rates. If the recoverable amounts of property,
                 plant and equipment and right-of-use assets are estimated to be less than their respective carrying
                 amounts, the carrying amount of the asset is reduced to its recoverable amount and an impairment
                 loss is recognised in profit or loss in respect of the period. As at 31 December 2025, the carrying
                 amounts of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets are approximately RMB47,014,000
                 (2024: RMB29,218,000) and RMB1,275,000 (2024: RMB1,332,000) respectively. No impairment loss of
                 property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets has been recognised in respect of the current and
                 prior years.



                                                                                China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                              Annual Report 2025       85
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



3    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
     UNCERTAINTY (Continued)

     (b)   Critical accounting judgements in applying the Group’s accounting policies

           In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the following accounting
           judgement:

           (i)   Recognition of income taxes and deferred tax assets

                 Determining income tax provision involves judgement on the future tax treatment of certain
                 transactions. Management evaluates tax implications of transactions and tax provisions are set up
                 accordingly. The tax treatments of such transactions are reconsidered periodically to take into account
                 all changes in tax legislation. Deferred tax assets are recognised in respect of deductible temporary
                 differences. As those deferred tax assets can only be recognised to the extent that it is probable
                 that future taxable profits will be available against which the deductible temporary differences can
                 be utilized, management’s judgement is required to assess the probability of future taxable profits.
                 Management’s assessment is revised as necessary and additional deferred tax assets are recognised if it
                 becomes probable that future taxable profits will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered.

4    REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING

     (a)   Revenue

           The Group derives all its revenue from the sales of glass products in the PRC. Revenue represents the sales
           value of goods sold to customers.

           (i)   Disaggregation of revenue

                 Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by major products lines is as follows:

                                                                                            2025                     2024
                                                                                         RMB’000                  RMB’000

                 Revenue from contracts with customers within the scope
                   of IFRS 15

                 Disaggregated by major products lines
                 – Sales of energy-efficient safety glass products                        237,353                 219,979
                 – Sales of smart glass products                                            5,226                  22,224


                                                                                          242,579                 242,203


                 All revenue was recognised at a point in time under IFRS 15.




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
86 Annual Report 2025
                                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                                (Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



4   REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING (Continued)

    (a)   Revenue (Continued)

          (i)    Disaggregation of revenue (Continued)

                 The following shows the major customers of the Group who contribute more than 10% of the total
                 revenue for the year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024:

                                                                                                            2025                       2024
                                                                                                         RMB’000                    RMB’000

                 Customer A                                                                                 50,027                    82,783
                 Customer B                                                                                   N/A 1                   27,851
                 Customer C                                                                                 35,397                       N/A 2
                 Customer D                                                                                 31,084                       N/A 2

                 Note:


                 1.      The corresponding revenue did not contribute over 10% of the total revenue of the Group for the year ended 31 December
                         2025.


                 2.      The corresponding revenue did not contribute over 10% of the total revenue of the Group for the year ended 31 December
                         2024.


          (ii)   Performance obligations for contracts with customers

                 The Group sells glass products directly to customers. Revenue is recognised when control of the glass
                 products has transferred, being when the goods have been transported to the customer’s specific
                 location. Transportation and handling activities that occur before customers obtain control are
                 considered as fulfilment activities. The group has not provided any warranty, obligations for returns and
                 refunds for sales of glass products. The normal credit term is 30 to 270 days upon delivery.

          (iii) Revenue expected to be recognised in the future arising from contracts with customers in
                existence at the reporting date

                 The Group has applied the practical expedient in paragraph 121 of IFRS 15 to its sales contracts for
                 glass products such that the Group does not disclose information about revenue that the Group will be
                 entitled to when it satisfied the remaining performance obligations under the contracts for sales of glass
                 products that had an original expected duration of one year or less.

    (b)   Segment reporting

          IFRS 8 requires identification and disclosure of operating segment information based on internal financial
          reports that are regularly reviewed by the Group’s CODM for the purpose of resources allocation and
          performance assessment. On this basis, the Group has determined that it only has one operating segment
          which is the sale of glass products.

    (c)   Geographical information

          The Group is located in the PRC and all of the Group’s revenue is generated from contracts with customers in
          the PRC based on the place of establishment of the customers, and all of the Group’s non-current assets are
          located in the PRC. Thus, no geographical information is presented.


                                                                                           China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025              87
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



5    OTHER NET INCOME

                                                                                                                      2025                         2024
                                                                                                                   RMB’000                      RMB’000

     Interest income                                                                                                        1                            2
     Government grants (note)                                                                                           1,962                        5,813
     Others                                                                                                               810                          370


                                                                                                                        2,773                        6,185


     Note: Government grants mainly includes: (a) government grants of which their conditions have been fulfilled by the Group up to end of the
           respective reporting periods; (b) deferred revenue recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the useful lives of the assets relative
           to the government grants received.


6    PROFIT BEFORE INCOME TAX

     Profit before taxation is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

     (a)   Finance costs

                                                                                                                      2025                         2024
                                                                                                                   RMB’000                      RMB’000

           Interest on bank loans                                                                                       2,658                        2,923
           Interest on other borrowings                                                                                   488                        1,203


           Total interest expenses on financial liabilities not at fair value
             through profit or loss                                                                                     3,146                        4,126


     (b)   Staff costs

                                                                                                                      2025                         2024
                                                                                                                   RMB’000                      RMB’000

           Contributions to defined contribution retirement plan (note)                                                 1,026                        1,118
           Salaries, wages and other benefits                                                                           4,232                        4,931


           Total staff costs (including directors’ emoluments (note 8))                                                 5,258                        6,049


           Note: Employees of the Group’s PRC subsidiary are required to participate in a defined contribution retirement scheme administered
                  and operated by the local municipal government. The Group’s PRC subsidiary contributes funds which are calculated on certain
                  percentages of the average employee salary as agreed by the local municipal government to the scheme to fund the retirement
                  benefits of the employees.


                  The Group has no other material obligation for the payment of retirement benefits associated with the scheme beyond the annual
                  contributions described above.




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
88 Annual Report 2025
                                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                                      (Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



6   PROFIT BEFORE INCOME TAX (Continued)

    (c)   Other items

                                                                                                                  2025                        2024
                                                                                                               RMB’000                     RMB’000

          Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                             5,873                      9,670
          Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                          57                         57
          (Reversal of impairment losses)/impairment losses on trade and bill
            receivables and other receivables recognised (note 1)                                                  (8,743)                    22,432
          Auditor’s remuneration
            – Audit services                                                                                         930                        930
            – Non-audit services                                                                                       –                          –
          Research and development expenses (note 2)                                                               9,940                     11,413
          Cost of inventories (note 15)                                                                          168,565                    179,087

          Notes:


          1.       (Reversal of impairment losses)/impairment losses on trade and bill receivables and other receivables recognised are included in the
                   General and administrative expenses.


          2.       Research and development expenses included staff costs of RMB768,000 and RMB1,016,000, and depreciation of RMB4,028,000
                   and RMB4,132,000, for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 respectively, which are also included in the respective total
                   amounts disclosed separately above or in note 6(b).


7   INCOME TAX EXPENSE

    (a)   Income tax expense in the consolidated statement of profit or loss represents:

                                                                                                                  2025                        2024
                                                                                                               RMB’000                     RMB’000

          Current tax

          Provision for PRC income tax for the year                                                                 7,485                      5,820
          Over-provision for PRC income tax in prior years                                                           (163)                      (114)


                                                                                                                    7,322                      5,706


          Deferred tax

          Reversal of temporary differences (note 21(b))                                                            1,375                     (3,222)


                                                                                                                    1,375                     (3,222)


                                                                                                                    8,697                      2,484




                                                                                                China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2025                 89
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



7    INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Continued)

     (b)   The income tax expense can be reconciled to the profit before taxation per the consolidated statement of
           profit or loss as follows:

                                                                                               2025                 2024
                                                                       NOTES                RMB’000              RMB’000

           Profit before income tax                                                           65,737               23,625


           Notional tax on profit before taxation, calculated at
             the rates applicable to profits in the jurisdictions
             concerned                                                                        17,238                 6,889
           Tax effect of non-deductible expenses                                                  10                 5,640
           Tax effect of non-taxable income                                                   (2,292)                    –
           Tax effect of preferential tax rate                           (iii)                (4,990)               (3,880)
           Additional deduction for qualified research and
             development expenses                                        (iv)                  (2,485)              (2,853)
           Tax effect of temporary difference                                                   1,375               (3,222)
           Tax effect of tax loss not allowable                                                     4                   24
           Over-provision in prior years                                                         (163)                (114)


           Income tax expense                                                                  8,697                 2,484


           (i)     Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Cayman Islands and the British Virgin Islands, the Group is
                   not subject to any income tax in the Cayman Islands and the British Virgin Islands.

           (ii)    No provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax was made for the subsidiary incorporated in Hong Kong as the
                   subsidiary did not have income subject to Hong Kong Profits Tax during the reporting periods.

           (iii)   The PRC subsidiary, Jieyang Hongguang Coated Glass Co., Ltd. (“Hongguang Glass”) is subject to
                   the PRC statutory income tax rate of 25%. Hongguang Glass was accredited as a “High and New
                   Technology Enterprise” in October 2014 and renewed its certificate for every three years which it is
                   entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15% pursuant to the current applicable Corporate Income
                   Tax (“CIT”) Law and its regulations. In December 2023, the Company renewed its certificate for another
                   three years from December 2023 to December 2026.

           (iv)    Under the CIT Law of the PRC and its relevant regulation, an additional 100% (2024: 100%) tax
                   deduction is allowed for qualified research and development expenses actually incurred.




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
90 Annual Report 2025
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                            (Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



8   DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS

    Directors’ emoluments disclosed pursuant to section 383(1) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of
    the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation are as follows:

    For the year ended 31 December 2025

                                                                      Salaries,    Contributions
                                                                   allowances      to retirement
                                                    Directors’    and benefits            benefit
                                                         fees          in kind          schemes           Total
                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000

    Executive directors
    Ms. Lin Weishan                                          –              96                 23            119
    Mr. Wei Jiakun                                           –             144                 35            179
    Ms. Li Wanna                                             –              72                 18             90

    Independent non-executive directors
    Ms. Mao Shue                                           81                 –                 –             81
    Mr. Jia Xiaogang                                      108                 –                 –            108
    Mr. Wu Yong                                           108                 –                 –            108
    Ms. Chen Xiuyan                                        27                 –                 –             27


                                                          324              312                 76            712


    For the year ended 31 December 2024

                                                                       Salaries,    Contributions
                                                                    allowances      to retirement
                                                     Directors’    and benefits            benefit
                                                           fees         in kind          schemes           Total
                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000

    Executive directors
    Ms. Lin Weishan                                          –              96                 21            117
    Mr. Wei Jiakun                                           –             144                 33            177
    Mr. Chen Biming                                          –              40                  9             49
    Ms. Li Wanna                                             –              72                 17             89

    Independent non-executive directors
    Ms. Chen Xiuyan                                       111                 –                 –            111
    Mr. Jia Xiaogang                                      111                 –                 –            111
    Mr. Wu Yong                                           111                 –                 –            111


                                                          333              352                 80            765




                                                                        China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                      Annual Report 2025    91
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



8    DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS (Continued)

     Mr. Chen Biming resigned as executive director of the Company on 11 July 2024.

     Ms. Chen Xiuyan, Mr. Jia Xiaogang and Mr. Wu Yong were appointed as independent non-executive directors of
     the Company in January 2020 and Ms. Chen Xiuyan resigned on 25 March 2025. Ms. Mao Shue was appointed as
     independent non-executive director of the Company on 25 March 2025.

     No directors of the Company waived or agreed to waive any remuneration during the year (2024: Nil).

     During the year, there was no amount paid or payable by the Group to the directors or any of the five highest paid
     individuals set out in note 9 below as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss
     of office.

9    INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS

     The five individuals with the highest emoluments, two (2024: two) are directors whose emoluments are disclosed in
     note 8. The aggregate of the emoluments in respect of the other three (2024: three) highest employees (other than
     directors) are as follows:

                                                                                           2025                 2024
                                                                                        RMB’000              RMB’000

     Salaries and other emoluments                                                            288                  288
     Retirement scheme contributions                                                           70                   67


                                                                                              358                  355


     The emoluments of the three (2024: three) individuals with the highest emoluments are within the following bands:

                                                                                            2025                  2024
                                                                                      Number of             Number of
                                                                                      individuals           individuals

     HK$Nil–HK$1,000,000                                                                        3                    3




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
92 Annual Report 2025
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                             (Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



10 EARNINGS PER SHARE

   (a)   Basic earnings per share

         The calculation of the basic earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company is based on the
         following data:

                                                                                       2025                 2024
                                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000

         Earnings
         Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company                    57,040                 21,141


                                                                                        2025                  2024
                                                                                        ’000                  ’000

         Number of shares
         Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the
          year                                                                       583,374             458,990


   (b)   Diluted earnings per share

         No diluted earnings per share for both of the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 is presented as there
         were no potential ordinary shares in issue for both of the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.

11 DIVIDENDS

   The directors of the Company do not recommend any payment of a dividend in respect of the year ended 31
   December 2025 (2024: Nil).




                                                                          China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                        Annual Report 2025     93
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



12 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                      Machinery   Office and
                                              Leasehold   Plant and         and        other   Construction
                                           improvement    buildings   equipment   equipment     in Progress     Total
                                                RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000    RMB’000

     Cost:

     At 1 January 2024, 31 December 2024
       and 1 January 2025                         3,268      7,128       95,544        6,696             –     112,636
     Additions                                        –          –            –            –        23,669      23,669


     At 31 December 2025                          3,268      7,128       95,544        6,696        23,669     136,305


     Accumulated depreciation:

     At 1 January 2024                            1,232      6,187       61,217        5,112              –     73,748
     Charge for the year                            627        184        8,675          184              –      9,670


     At 31 December 2024 and
       1 January 2025                             1,859      6,371       69,892        5,296              –     83,418


     Charge for the year                           627         175        4,887         184               –      5,873


     At 31 December 2025                          2,486      6,546       74,779        5,480              –     89,291


     Net book value:

     At 31 December 2025                           782         582       20,765        1,216        23,669      47,014



     At 31 December 2024                          1,409        757       25,652        1,400              –     29,218


     The Group’s property, plant and equipment are all located in the PRC.

     Property, plant and equipment with net book value of RMB87,000 (2024: RMB87,000) were pledged as security for
     bank loans amounting to RMB31,822,110 (2024: RMB37,200,000) as at 31 December 2025.

     At the end of the reporting period, property, plant and equipment with net book value of RMB1,516,000 (2024:
     RMB17,640,000) were held by the Group under sale and leaseback arrangement (Note 20).

     The Group has not obtained property ownership certificates for certain plant and buildings with net book value of
     RMB101,000 (2024: RMB101,000) as at 31 December 2025.




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
94 Annual Report 2025
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                 (Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



13 RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

                                                                                                        Land use right
                                                                                                             RMB’000

   Cost:

   At 1 January 2024, 31 December 2024, 1 January 2025 and 31 December 2025                                     4,058


   Accumulated depreciation:

   At 1 January 2024                                                                                            2,669
   Charge for the year                                                                                             57


   At 31 December 2024                                                                                          2,726


   At 1 January 2025                                                                                            2,726
   Charge for the year                                                                                             57


   At 31 December 2025                                                                                          2,783


   Net book value:

   At 31 December 2025                                                                                          1,275


   At 31 December 2024                                                                                          1,332


   Right-of-use assets represent costs for obtaining the right to use PRC leasehold land for 22–50 years.

   The Group has not obtained title owner certificates for land use rights with net book value of RMB879,000 (2024:
   RMB918,000) as at 31 December 2025.




                                                                            China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                          Annual Report 2025     95
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



14 EQUITY INSTRUMENT AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE
   INCOME

                                                                                                                     2025                        2024
                                                                                                                  RMB’000                     RMB’000

     Unlisted:
     Equity investment (note)                                                                                          28,131                   28,012


     Note: The above unlisted equity investment represent the Group’s equity interest in a private entity established in the PRC. The directors of the
            Company have elected to designate this investment in equity instrument as at fair value through other comprehensive income as they believe
            that recognising short-term fluctuations in the investments’ fair value in profit or loss would not be consistent with the Group’s strategy of
            holding this investment for long term purposes and realising its performance potential in the long run.


15 INVENTORIES

                                                                                                                     2025                        2024
                                                                                                                  RMB’000                     RMB’000

     Inventories

     Glass manufacturing
     – Raw materials                                                                                                   21,245                   22,153
     – Finished goods                                                                                                 134,363                  143,633


                                                                                                                      155,608                  165,786


     An analysis of the amount of inventories recognised as an expense and included in consolidated statement of profit
     or loss and other comprehensive income is as follows:

                                                                                                                     2025                        2024
                                                                                                                  RMB’000                     RMB’000

     Carrying amounts of inventories sold                                                                             168,565                  179,087
     Cost of inventories directly recognised as research and
       development expenses                                                                                             4,755                     5,975


                                                                                                                      173,320                  185,062




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
96 Annual Report 2025
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                 (Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



16 TRADE AND BILL RECEIVABLES AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                   31 December            31 December
                                                                                          2025                   2024
                                                                                       RMB’000                RMB’000

   Trade receivables                                                                     197,836               214,929
   Bill receivables                                                                       40,177                     –
   Less: Loss allowance recognised                                                       (30,585)              (39,328)


   Trade receivables measured at amortised cost                                          207,428               175,601
   Deposits, prepayments and other receivables                                            84,275                59,961
   Less: Loss allowance recognised                                                             –                  (500)


                                                                                         291,703               235,062


   Aged analysis

   As of the end of the reporting period, the aged analysis of trade and bill receivables, based on the invoice date and
   net of loss allowance, is as follows:

                                                                                   31 December            31 December
                                                                                          2025                   2024
                                                                                       RMB’000                RMB’000

   Within 3 months                                                                       135,674                83,736
   3 to 6 months                                                                          41,769                21,598
   6 to 12 months                                                                         24,813                30,865
   Over 1 year                                                                             5,172                39,402


                                                                                         207,428               175,601


   Further details on the Group’s credit policy and credit risk arising from trade and bill receivables and other
   receivables are set out in note 24(a).




                                                                            China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                          Annual Report 2025       97
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



17 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION

     (a)   Cash and cash equivalents

                                                                                      31 December        31 December
                                                                                             2025               2024
                                                                                          RMB’000            RMB’000

           Cash at banks and on hand                                                           34,605            2,528


           The RMB is not freely convertible into other currencies. However, under Mainland China’s Foreign Exchange
           Control Regulations and Administration of Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations,
           the Group is permitted to exchange RMB for other currencies through banks authorised to conduct foreign
           exchange business. The remittance of funds out of Mainland China is subject to exchange restrictions imposed
           by the PRC government.

           Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates.

           The carrying amounts of the cash and cash equivalents approximate to their fair values.




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
98 Annual Report 2025
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                    (Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



17 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION
   (Continued)

   (b)   Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities

         The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities from financing activities, including both cash and
         non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are liabilities for which cash flows were, or future
         cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing
         activities.

                                                                              Other             Interest
                                                       Bank loans        borrowings            payables             Total
                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                        (note 19)          (note 20)

         At 31 December 2024 and
           1 January 2025                                   63,474               9,092                  –            72,566


         Changes from financing cash flows:

         Proceeds from new loans                             41,889                  –                  –            41,889
         Repayment of loans                                 (54,736)            (7,255)                 –           (61,991)
         Interest paid                                            –                  –             (3,146)           (3,146)


         Total changes from financing cash
           flows                                            (12,847)            (7,255)            (3,146)          (23,248)


         Other change:

         Interest expenses (note 6(a))                             –                  –            3,146              3,146


         Total other change                                        –                  –            3,146              3,146


         At 31 December 2025                                50,627               1,837                  –            52,464




                                                                               China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                             Annual Report 2025         99
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



17 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION
     (Continued)

     (b)   Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities (Continued)

                                                                             Other        Interest
                                                       Bank loans       borrowings       payables       Total
                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000
                                                        (note 19)         (note 20)

           At 31 December 2023 and
             1 January 2024                                62,400           16,892              –     79,292


           Changes from financing cash flows:

           Proceeds from new loans                         57,948            6,500              –      64,448
           Repayment of loans                             (56,874)         (14,300)             –     (71,174)
           Interest paid                                        –                –         (4,126)     (4,126)


           Total changes from financing cash
             flows                                          1,074            (7,800)       (4,126)    (10,852)


           Other change:

           Interest expenses (note 6(a))                         –                –         4,126      4,126


           Total other change                                    –                –         4,126      4,126


           At 31 December 2024                             63,474            9,092              –     72,566




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
100 Annual Report 2025
                                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                                    (Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



18 TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                                        31 December            31 December
                                                                                                               2025                   2024
                                                                                                            RMB’000                RMB’000

   Trade payables                                                                                                 4,662                6,457
   Other payables and accruals (note)                                                                            20,105               32,172


   Total                                                                                                         24,767               38,629


   All trade and other payables are expected to be settled within one year.

   Note: Contract liabilities included in other payables of approximately RMB4,923,000 (2024: RMB11,683,000) for the year ended 31 December
           2025. Amount due to the director included in other payables of approximately RMB1,849,000 (2024: RMB1,000,000) for the year ended 31
           December 2025. The amount due to the director is unsecured, interest free and repayable within one year.


   As of the end of the reporting period, the aged analysis of trade payables, based on the invoice date, is as follows:

                                                                                                        31 December            31 December
                                                                                                               2025                   2024
                                                                                                            RMB’000                RMB’000

   Within 1 month                                                                                                 2,724                     2
   1 to 3 months                                                                                                     13                 1,819
   Over 3 months                                                                                                  1,925                 4,636


                                                                                                                  4,662                 6,457


19 BANK LOANS

                                                                                                        31 December            31 December
                                                                                                               2025                   2024
                                                                                                            RMB’000                RMB’000

   Secured bank loans repayable:
     – Within 1 year or on demand                                                                                50,627               63,474




                                                                                               China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2025        101
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



19 BANK LOANS (Continued)

                                                                               31 December          31 December
                                                                                      2025                 2024
                                                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000

     Analysis for reporting purposes:

     Classified under:
     – Current liabilities                                                            50,627              63,474


     The bank loans were secured by the guarantees given by Ms. Lin Weishan, Mr. Wei Jiakun and Ms. Liu Rong (the
     “Guarantors”). These individuals are shareholders of the Company’s immediate holding company, Ming Liang
     Global Limited. Ms. Lin Weishan and Mr. Wei Jiakun are also directors of the Company.

     In addition to the above, the bank loans amounted to RMB31,822,110 (2024: RMB37,200,000) as at 31 December
     2025 were secured by the Group’s property, plant and equipment (see note 12).

     As at 31 December 2025, the bank loans carried interest at interest rates ranged 3.3%–7.42% (2024: 3.35%–
     7.42%) per annum.

20 OTHER BORROWINGS

                                                                               31 December          31 December
                                                                                      2025                 2024
                                                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000

     Secured other borrowings repayable:
       – Within 1 year or on demand                                                    1,725               7,250
       – Over 1 year and not more than 2 years                                           112               1,842


                                                                                       1,837               9,092




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
102 Annual Report 2025
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                (Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



20 OTHER BORROWINGS (Continued)

                                                                                   31 December          31 December
                                                                                          2025                 2024
                                                                                       RMB’000              RMB’000

   Analysis for financial reporting purpose:

   Classified under:
     – Current liabilities                                                                 1,725                7,250
     – Non-current liabilities                                                               112                1,842


                                                                                           1,837                9,092


   During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group entered into certain agreements with third parties,
   pursuant to which the Group disposed of its machineries to these third parties for an aggregate consideration of
   RMB6,500,000, and thereafter leases back such machineries for a period of 1–2 years with the options granted
   to the Group to repurchase these machineries at nominal considerations at the end of the lease periods. Ms. Lin
   Weishan, Mr. Wei Jiakun, Ms. Liu Rong (Note 19) have given guarantee for the Group’s obligations under the
   agreement for both years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024. In this connection, rentals payment for the lease of
   the machineries amounted to a total of RMB7,712,000 (2024: RMB12,099,000) were paid by the Group in respect
   of the current year under review.

   Management is of the view that the transfer of the machineries under the above agreements does not satisfy the
   requirements as a sale of assets under IFRS 15, accordingly the Group as a seller-lessee continues to recognise
   the assets and accounts for the transfer proceeds as other borrowings and monthly rental paid by the Group are
   recognised as repayment of other borrowings and interest thereon.

   On initial recognition and at the end of the reporting period, the other borrowings are carried at the effective
   interest rates of 4.84%–8% per annum.

21 INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

   (a)   Income tax payable presented in the consolidated statement of financial position represents:

                                                                                   31 December          31 December
                                                                                          2025                 2024
                                                                                       RMB’000              RMB’000

         Balance at 1 January                                                             13,288               10,121
         Provision for PRC income tax for the year (note 7(a))                             7,485                5,820
         Over-provision for PRC income tax in prior years (note 7(a))                       (163)                (114)
         Payment made during the year                                                     (1,407)              (2,539)


         Balance at 31 December                                                           19,203               13,288




                                                                            China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                          Annual Report 2025   103
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



21 INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
     (Continued)

     (b)   Deferred tax assets recognised

           (i)    Movement of each component of deferred tax assets

                  The components of deferred tax assets recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position
                  and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                              Deferred tax assets attributable to
                                                                          Accruals and         Deferred
                  Deferred tax arising from:                                provisions         revenue          Total
                                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000

                  At 1 January 2024                                             3,024               507             3,531
                  Credited/(charged) to profit or loss (note 7(a))              3,366              (144)            3,222


                  At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                         6,390             363           6,753
                  Charged to profit or loss (note 7(a))                         (1,311)            (64)         (1,375)


                  At 31 December 2025                                           5,079              299              5,378


           (ii)   Reconciliation to the consolidated statement of financial position

                                                                                         31 December       31 December
                                                                                                2025              2024
                                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000

                  Net deferred tax asset recognised in the consolidated
                    statement of financial position                                            5,378                6,753
                  Net deferred tax liability recognised in the consolidated
                    statement of financial position                                                –                    –


                                                                                               5,378                6,753




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
104 Annual Report 2025
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                 (Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



21 INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
   (Continued)

   (c)   Deferred tax liabilities not recognised

         The new CIT Law and its relevant regulations impose a withholding tax at 10%, unless reduced by a tax
         treaty/arrangement, for dividend distributions out of earnings of PRC enterprises accumulated beginning on 1
         January 2008. Undistributed earnings generated prior to 1 January 2008 are exempted from such withholding
         tax. The Group has not recognised deferred tax liabilities in respect of the undistributed earnings of
         approximately RMB335,379,000 as at 31 December 2025 (2024: RMB275,114,000) as the Company controls
         the dividend policy of these subsidiaries and it has been determined that it is probable that these profits will
         not be distributed in the foreseeable future.

22 DEFERRED REVENUE

                                                                                    31 December            31 December
                                                                                           2025                   2024
                                                                                        RMB’000                RMB’000

   Government grants                                                                         1,993                 2,417


                                                                                    31 December            31 December
                                                                                           2025                   2024
                                                                                        RMB’000                RMB’000

   Movements of the deferred revenue during the year are as follows:
   At 1 January                                                                              2,417                 3,376
   Recognised to profit or loss                                                               (424)                 (959)


   At 31 December                                                                            1,993                 2,417


   The government grants are related to the purchase, construction or acquisition of the long-term assets by the
   Group. The amount recognised in the profit or loss is included in other net income (note 5).




                                                                             China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                           Annual Report 2025     105
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



23 SHARE CAPITAL AND RESERVES

     (a)   Movements in components of equity

           The reconciliation between the opening and closing balances of each component of the Group’s consolidated
           equity is set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Details of the changes in the Company’s
           individual components of equity between the beginning and the end of the year are set out below:

           Company

                                                           Share        Share      Exchange     Accumulated
                                                          capital    premium         reserve          losses      Total
                                                  NOTE   RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000

           Balance at 1 January 2024                       4,114       93,625           839          (32,342)     66,236

           Changes in equity for 2024:

           Total comprehensive expense
             for the year                                       –           –          2,180          (3,879)     (1,699)


           Balance at 31 December 2024             30      4,114       93,625          3,019         (36,221)     64,537


           Balance at 31 December 2024 and
             1 January 2025                                4,114       93,625          3,019         (36,221)     64,537

           Changes in equity for 2025:


           Total comprehensive expense
              for the year                                     –            –         (4,468)         (3,201)     (7,669)
           Issue of shares                                 2,283       64,141              –               –      66,424
           Transaction costs of issue of shares                –         (302)             –               –        (302)


           Balance at 31 December 2025             30      6,397      157,464         (1,449)        (39,422)    122,990




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
106 Annual Report 2025
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                (Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



23 SHARE CAPITAL AND RESERVES (Continued)

   (b)   Share capital

                                                             No. of shares                               Equivalent to
         Ordinary shares, issued and fully paid:                      ’000              HK$’000             RMB’000

         At 1 January 2024 and 31 December 2024                    458,990                 4,590                 4,114
         Issue of shares (ordinary shares of HK$0.01
            each) (i)                                              250,000                 2,500                 2,283


         At 31 December 2025                                       708,990                 7,090                 6,397


         (i)   Issue of ordinary shares by share subscription

               On 4 September 2024, the Company entered into the Share Subscription Agreement with Ming Liang
               Global pursuant to which the Company has conditionally agreed to allot and issue, and Ming Liang
               Global has conditionally agreed to subscribe for, 150,000,000 Subscription Shares on the terms of Share
               Subscription Agreement.

               On 2 July 2025, the Company allotted and issued 150,000,000 ordinary shares at a price of HK$0.286
               per share to Ming Liang Global and proceeds of the Share Subscription were received by the Group in
               July 2025.

               On 4 September 2024, the Company entered into the Independent Subscribers Share Subscription
               Agreement with an Independent Subscribers pursuant to which the Company has conditionally agreed
               to allot and issue, and Independent Subscribers have conditionally agreed to subscribe for, 100,000,000
               Subscription Shares on the terms of Independent Subscribers Share Subscription Agreement.

               On 3 July 2025, the Company allotted and issued 100,000,000 ordinary shares at a price of HK$0.286
               per share to the Independent Subscribers and proceeds of the Share Subscription were received by the
               Group in July 2025.

   (c)   Share premium

         The share premium represents the difference between the par value of and consideration received for 33
         shares issued to two pre-IPO investors in July 2018; the difference between the par value of and consideration
         received for 75,000,000 ordinary shares by initial public offering in January 2020; the difference between the
         par value of and consideration received for 99,000,000 and 59,990,000 ordinary shares by share subscription
         in October 2022 and June 2023. and the difference between the par value of and consideration received for
         150,000,000 and 100,000,000 ordinary shares by share subscription in July 2025. Under the Companies Act
         of the Cayman Islands, the share premium account of the Company is distributable to the shareholders of the
         Company.




                                                                             China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                           Annual Report 2025   107
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



23 SHARE CAPITAL AND RESERVES (Continued)

     (d)   Capital reserve

           On 11 July 2018, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, acquired the entire equity interests
           of Hongguang Glass at an aggregate consideration of approximately RMB4,582,000 as part of the
           Reorganisation. Both the Company and Hongguang Glass were under common control immediately before
           and after the Reorganisation. The consideration paid was accounted for as deemed distribution to the
           Company’s shareholders with the amount of consideration in excess of the paid-in capital of Hongguang
           Glass recorded in capital reserve.

     (e)   PRC statutory reserve

           Statutory reserve is established in accordance with the relevant PRC rules and regulations and the articles of
           association of the companies comprising the Group which are incorporated in the PRC.

           In accordance with the PRC Company Law, a subsidiary of the Group which is domestic enterprise is required
           to allocate 10% of their profit after tax, as determined in accordance with the relevant PRC accounting
           standards, to its respective statutory reserves until the reserves reach 50% of its respective registered capital.
           For the entity concerned, statutory reserves can be used to make good previous years’ losses, if any, and may
           be converted into capital in proportion to the existing equity interests of investors, provided that the balance
           of the reserve after such conversion is not less than 25% of the entity’s registered capital.

     (f)   Other reserve

           The other reserve represents cumulative gains and losses arising from initial recognition and revaluation of
           equity instruments at FVTOCI that have been recognised in other comprehensive income. Gains and losses
           arising from revaluation of equity instruments at FVTOCI will not be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent
           periods.

     (g)   Capital management

           The Group’s primary objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a
           going concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders,
           by pricing products and services commensurately with the level of risk and by securing access to finance at a
           reasonable cost.

           The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to maintain a balance between
           the higher shareholder returns that might be possible with higher levels of borrowings and the advantages
           and security afforded by a sound capital position, and makes adjustments to the capital structure in light of
           changes in economic conditions.

           The Group monitors its capital structure on the basis of an adjusted net debt-to-capital ratio. For this purpose,
           adjusted net debt is calculated as bank loans and other borrowings, less cash and cash equivalents. Adjusted
           capital represents total equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company.




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
108 Annual Report 2025
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                (Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



23 SHARE CAPITAL AND RESERVES (Continued)

   (g)   Capital management (Continued)

         During the years ended 31 December 2025, the Group’s strategy was to maintain the adjusted net debt-
         to-capital ratio at a range considered reasonable by management. In order to maintain or adjust the ratio,
         the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, issue new shares, return capital to
         shareholders, raise new debt financing or sell assets to reduce debt.

         The Group’s adjusted net debt-to-equity ratio at the end of the current and previous reporting periods was as
         follows:

                                                                                   31 December            31 December
                                                                                          2025                   2024
                                                                     NOTES             RMB’000                RMB’000

         Bank loans                                                    19                 50,627                   63,474
         Other borrowings                                              20                  1,837                    9,092


         Total debt                                                                       52,464                   72,566

         Less: Cash and cash equivalents                             17(a)                (34,605)                 (2,528)


         Adjusted net debt                                                                17,859                   70,038


         Total equity attributable to owners of the Company                              465,287               341,791


         Adjusted capital                                                                465,287               341,791


         Adjusted net debt-to-capital ratio                                                 3.8%                   20.5%


         Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries are subject to externally imposed capital requirements.




                                                                             China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                           Annual Report 2025      109
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



24 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
   INSTRUMENTS

     The financial assets and financial liabilities are summaries as follows:

                                                                                        31 December            31 December
                                                                                               2025                   2024
                                                                                            RMB’000                RMB’000

     Financial assets
     At fair value
     Equity instrument at FVTOCI                                                               28,131                 28,012
     At amortised cost
     Trade and bill receivables and other receivables                                         207,484               176,759
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                                 34,605                 2,528


                                                                                              270,220               207,299


     Financial liabilities
     At amortised cost
     Financial liabilities included in trade and other payables                                19,843                 26,946
     Bank loans                                                                                50,627                 63,474
     Other borrowings                                                                           1,837                  9,092


                                                                                               72,307                 99,512


     Exposure to credit, liquidity, interest rate and currency risks arises in the normal course of the Group’s business.

     The Group’s exposure to these risks and the financial risk management policies and practices used by the Group to
     manage these risks are described below.

     (a)   Credit risk

           Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in a
           financial loss to the Group. The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to trade and bill receivables
           and other receivables. The Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from cash and cash equivalents is limited
           because the counterparties are banks for which the Group considers to have low credit risk.




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
110 Annual Report 2025
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                 (Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



24 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
   INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

   (a)   Credit risk (Continued)

         Trade and bill receivables

         The Group’s exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the individual characteristics of each customer
         rather than the industry or country in which the customers operate and therefore significant concentrations of
         credit risk primarily arise when the Group has significant exposure to individual customers. As at 31 December
         2025 and 2024, 60% and 56% of the total trade and bill receivables was due from the Group’s five largest
         customers respectively.

         Individual credit evaluations are performed on all customers requiring credit over a certain amount. These
         evaluations focus on the customer’s past history of making payments when due and current ability to pay,
         and take into account information specific to the customer as well as pertaining to the economic environment
         in which the customer operates. Trade and bill receivables are mainly due within 30 to 270 days from the
         date of delivery. Normally, the Group does not obtain collateral from customers.

         The Group measures loss allowances for trade and bill receivables at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs,
         which is calculated using a provision matrix. As the Group’s historical credit loss experience does not indicate
         significantly different loss patterns for different customer segments, the loss allowance based on past due
         status is not further distinguished between the Group’s different customer bases.

         The following table provides information about the Group’s exposure to credit risk and ECLs for trade and bill
         receivables:

                                                                               31 December 2025
                                                              Expected loss       Gross carrying                  Loss
                                                                       rate             amount               allowance
                                                                         %             RMB’000                RMB’000

         Current                                                       3.9%               145,259                 5,665
         0–180 days past due                                          13.3%                67,516                 8,980
         181–270 days past due                                        20.2%                 5,225                 1,058
         271–360 days past due                                        25.2%                 4,968                 1,252
         361–450 days past due                                        53.0%                 3,011                 1,596
         Over 450 days past due                                      100.0%                12,034                12,034


                                                                                          238,013                30,585




                                                                              China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                            Annual Report 2025    111
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



24 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
   INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

     (a)   Credit risk (Continued)

           Trade and bill receivables (Continued)

                                                                                  31 December 2024
                                                                  Expected loss       Gross carrying                  Loss
                                                                           rate             amount               allowance
                                                                             %            RMB’000                 RMB’000

           Current                                                       3.6%                113,062                 4,104
           0–180 days past due                                           7.7%                 37,968                 2,935
           181–270 days past due                                        17.7%                 30,260                 5,354
           271–360 days past due                                        42.9%                 10,599                 4,547
           361–450 days past due                                        68.1%                  2,042                 1,390
           Over 450 days past due                                        100%                 20,998                20,998


                                                                                             214,929                39,328


           Expected loss rate is taking into account the similar ageing of trade and bill receivables, the repayment history
           of customers, current market conditions and customer-specific conditions. These rates are adjusted to reflect
           differences between economic conditions during the period over which the historic data has been collected,
           current conditions and the Group’s view of economic conditions over the expected lives of the receivables.

           Movement in the loss allowance account in respect of trade and bill receivables during the year is as follows:

                                                                                       31 December            31 December
                                                                                              2025                   2024
                                                                                           RMB’000                RMB’000

           Balance at 1 January                                                               39,328                17,396
           Loss allowance (reversed)/recognised during the year                               (8,743)               21,932


           Balance at 31 December                                                             30,585                39,328




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
112 Annual Report 2025
                                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                   (Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



24 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
   INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

   (b)   Liquidity risk

         Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due. The
         Group’s policy is to regularly monitor its liquidity requirements and its compliance with lending covenants, to
         ensure that it maintains sufficient reserves of cash and readily realisable marketable securities and adequate
         committed lines of funding from major financial institutions to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and
         longer term.

         The following tables show the remaining contractual maturities at the end of the reporting period of the
         Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities, which are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows (including
         interest payments computed using contractual rates or, if floating, based on current rates at the end of the
         reporting period) and the earliest date the Group can be required to pay:

                                                                         As at 31 December 2025
                                                        Contractual undiscounted cash outflow
                                                                         More than
                                                           Within        1 year but
                                                         1 year or        less than                              Carrying
                                                       on demand            5 years            Total              amount
                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000

         Financial liabilities included in trade
            and other payables                              19,843                 –            19,843             19,843
         Bank loans                                         52,342                 –            52,342             50,627
         Other borrowings                                    1,779               116             1,895              1,837


                                                            73,964               116            74,080             72,307


                                                                          As at 31 December 2024
                                                          Contractual undiscounted cash outflow
                                                                          More than
                                                            Within        1 year but
                                                          1 year or        less than                              Carrying
                                                        on demand            5 years             Total            amount
                                                          RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000

         Financial liabilities included in trade
            and other payables                              38,629                 –            38,629             38,629
         Bank loans                                         65,018                 –            65,018             63,474
         Other borrowings                                    7,737             1,900             9,637              9,092


                                                          111,384              1,900           113,284            111,195




                                                                              China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                            Annual Report 2025      113
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



24 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
   INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

     (c)   Interest rate risk

           Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate
           because of changes in market interest rates. The Group’s interest rate risk arises primarily from bank loans
           and other borrowings. Borrowings issued at variable rates and fixed rates expose the Group to cash flow
           interest rate risk and fair value interest rate risk respectively.

           (i)   Interest rate profile

                 The following table details the interest rate profile of the Group’s bank loans at the end of the reporting
                 period.

                                                                   2025                                  2024
                                                           Effective                             Effective
                                                       interest rate                         interest rate
                                                                  %          RMB’000                    %         RMB’000

                 Fixed rate borrowings:

                 Bank loans                           3.7%–7.42%                45,427 3.35%–7.42%                  56,674
                 Other borrowings                    7.43%–8.00%                 1,837 4.57%–11.82%                  9,092


                 Variable rate borrowings:

                 Bank loans                                    3.3%              5,200              3.4%              6,800


                 Total borrowings                                               52,464                              72,566


                 Fixed rate borrowings as a
                    percentage of total borrowings                             90.09%                               90.6%




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
114 Annual Report 2025
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                  (Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



24 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
   INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

   (c)   Interest rate risk (Continued)

         (ii)   Sensitivity analysis

                At 31 December 2025, it is estimated that a general increase/decrease of 100 basis points in interest
                rates, with all other variables held constant, would have decreased/increased the Group’s profit after tax
                and retained earnings by approximately RMB44,000 (2024: RMB58,000).

                The sensitivity analysis above had been determined based on the exposure to interest rates at the end
                of reporting period. The analysis is prepared assuming the financial instruments outstanding at the end
                of reporting period were outstanding for the whole year and it represents management’s assessment of
                the reasonably possible change in interest rates. The analysis is preformed on the same basis as 2024.

   (d)   Currency risk

         As the Group’s principal activities are carried out in the PRC, the Group’s transactions are mainly dominated
         in Renminbi, which is not freely convertible into foreign currencies. All foreign exchange transactions involving
         Renminbi must take place through the People’s Bank of China or other institutions authorised to buy and
         sell foreign exchange. The exchange rates adopted for the foreign exchange transactions are the rates of
         exchange quoted by the People’s Bank of China that are determined largely by supply and demand.

         The directors considered the Group’s exposure to foreign currency risk is not significant during the reporting
         period.

   (e)   Fair value measurement

         Except for equity instrument that measure at fair value, all of the Group’s financial instruments were carried at
         amortised cost. Their carrying amounts were not materially different from their fair values as at 31 December
         2025 and 2024.




                                                                              China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                            Annual Report 2025     115
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



25 FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

     Some of the Group’s financial instruments are measured at fair value for financial reporting purposes.

     In estimating the fair value, the Group uses market-observable data to the extent it is available. For instruments
     with significant unobservable inputs under Level 3, the Group engages third party qualified valuers to perform the
     valuation.

     (i)   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis

           Some of the Group’s financial assets are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period. The
           following table gives information about how the fair values of these financial assets are determined.

           The Group has estimated the fair value of these unlisted investments by using the valuation technique based
           on the income approach method.

           Fair value hierarchy as at 31 December 2025

                                                          Level 1           Level 2           Level 3           Total
                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000

           Equity instrument at FVTOCI
           Unlisted equity investment                             –                 –           28,131          28,131


           Fair value hierarchy as at 31 December 2024

                                                           Level 1           Level 2           Level 3           Total
                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000

           Equity instrument at FVTOCI
           Unlisted equity investment                             –                 –           28,012          28,012


           The Group did not have any financial liabilities measured at fair value as at 31 December 2025 and 2024.

           During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, there were no instruments transfers between level 1,
           level 2 and level 3.




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
116 Annual Report 2025
                                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                                    (Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



25 FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (i)    Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis
          (Continued)

          Information about level 3 fair value measurement

                                      2025               2024         Valuation techniques            Significant unobservable inputs
                                   RMB’000            RMB’000

          Unlisted equity             28,131            28,012        income approach –               Revenue growth rates, taking into
            instrument at                                             in this approach, the           account management’s experience
            FVTOCI                                                    discounted cash flow            and knowledge of market conditions
                                                                      method was used to              of the specific industries ranging
                                                                      capture the present             from 0% to 4% (2024: 0% to 4%).
                                                                      value of the expected
                                                                      future economic                 Pre-tax operating margin, taking
                                                                      benefits to be derived          into account management’s
                                                                      from the ownership of           experience and knowledge of
                                                                      this investee, based on         market conditions of the specific
                                                                      an appropriate discount         industries ranging from 16.0% to
                                                                      rate                            17.9% (2024: 15.7% to 17.9%).

                                                                                                      Discount rate, taking into account
                                                                                                      weighted average cost of capital
                                                                                                      determined using a Capital Asset
                                                                                                      Pricing Model of 12.0% (2024:
                                                                                                      12.0%).

                                                                                                      Discount for minority and lack of
                                                                                                      marketability of 8% (2024: 8%).

          Note: As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s 5% unlisted equity investment at equity instrument at FVTOCI was determined by reference
                to the valuation carried out by an independent qualified professional valuer. A 5% increase in the revenue growth rates holding all
                other variables constant would increase the fair value of the unlisted equity instrument by RMB688,000 (2024: RMB251,000). A 5%
                increase in the discount rate holding all other variables constant would decrease the fair value of the unlisted equity instrument by
                RMB147,000 (2024: 1,383,000).


   (ii)   Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements

                                                                                                                            Equity instrument
                                                                                                                                    at FVTOCI
                                                                                                                                      RMB’000

          At 1 January 2024                                                                                                                      –
          Purchased                                                                                                                         25,227
          Total gains in other comprehensive income                                                                                          2,785

          At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                                                                                            28,012

          Total gains in other comprehensive income                                                                                             119

          At 31 December 2025                                                                                                               28,131

          Of the total gains or losses included in other comprehensive income is an amount of RMB119,000 gain (2024:
          RMB2,785,000) relating to unlisted equity instrument designated as equity instrument at FVTOCI held at the
          end of the current reporting period.



                                                                                              China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025               117
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



26 INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES

     The following list contains only the particulars of subsidiaries which principally affected the results, assets or
     liabilities of the Group. The class of shares held is ordinary unless otherwise stated.


                                           Place and date               Registered           Equity attribute to the Company
                                           of incorporation/         capital/issued        Group’s
                                           establishment and              and fully       effective     Held by the        Held by a
     Name of company                       operation                paid-up capital        interest       Company         subsidiary     Principal activities
                                                                                              2025            2025             2025

     Hongguang International Limited       British Virgin Islands       US$1/US$1             100%             100%                 –    Investment holding
       (“Hongguang International”)           25 May 2017                              (2024: 100%)     (2024: 100%)        (2024: Nil)

     Hongguang Technology (Hong Kong)      Hong Kong                    HK$1/HK$1             100%                 –            100%     Investment holding
       Limited (“Hongguang HK”)              12 July 2017                             (2024: 100%)        (2024: Nil)   (2024: 100%)

     Hongguang Glass*                      The PRC                  RMB69,960,000/          100%                   –            100%     Manufacturing and sales
       揭陽市宏光鍍膜玻璃有限公司                         10 April 1992          RMB24,380,000** (2024: 100%)          (2024: Nil)   (2024: 100%)      of architectural glass
       (“宏光玻璃”)                                                                                                                           products

     Novel Prestige Investments Limited    British Virgin Islands       US$1/US$1             100%             100%                 –    Investment holding
                                             18 March 2021                            (2024: 100%)     (2024: 100%)        (2024: Nil)

     Diagon Will Corporation Limited       Hong Kong                    HK$1/HK$1             100%                 –            100%     Investment holding
       Hong Kong                             18 March 2021                            (2024: 100%)        (2024: Nil)   (2024: 100%)

     Hongguang Jinggangshan                The PRC                  RMB2,000,000/            100%                  –           100%      Dormant
       宏光(井岡山)新材料科技有限公司                      28 July 2025                 RMBNil         (2024: Nil)      (2024: Nil)      (2024: Nil)
       (”宏光井岡山”)

     廣州隆光控股有限公司                            The PRC                  RMB1,000,000/             100%                 –            100%     Dormant
                                             27 July 2021                 RMBNil      (2024: 100%)        (2024: Nil)   (2024: 100%)

     *       The English translation of Hongguang Glass is for reference only. The official name of the Company is in Chinese.

     **      The registered capital of Hongguang Glass increased from RMB4,380,000 in 2019 to RMB69,960,000 in 2021. The paid-in capital of
             Hongguang Glass increased from RMB4,380,000 in 2019 to RMB24,380,000 in 2021.




         China Hongguang Holdings Limited
118 Annual Report 2025
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                                (Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



27 COMMITMENTS

   The Group had other commitments not provided for in the consolidated financial statements in respect of
   acquisition and construction of property, plant and equipment, as follows:

                                                                                                            2025                      2024
                                                                                                         RMB’000                   RMB’000


   Contracted for                                                                                           24,459                         –
   Authorised but not contracted for                                                                             –                     2,980


                                                                                                            24,459                     2,980


28 MAJOR NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS

   During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group settled other payables arising from additions to construction
   in progress by endorsing bills receivables of RMB23,669,000 in accordance with the relevant construction contracts.
   This constituted a major non-cash transaction.

29 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

   In addition to the related party information disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements, the Group
   entered into the following related party transactions.

   During the reporting period, the directors are of the view that the following companies and persons are related
   parties of the Group:

   Name of party                                                                Relationship

   Ming Liang Global Limited                                                    Controlling Shareholder
   Lin Weishan                                                                  Shareholder of Controlling Shareholder and
                                                                                  executive director
   Wei Jiakun                                                                   Shareholder of Controlling Shareholder and
                                                                                  executive director
   Liu Rong                                                                     Shareholder of Controlling Shareholder
   Orient Success Ventures Limited                                              One of the Substantial Shareholders
   Chen Biming                                                                  Executive director (resigned on 25 March 2025)
   Li Wanna                                                                     Executive director
   Hongguang Mirror Art (揭陽市東山區宏光鏡藝廠有限公司)                                       Company controlled by Wei Jiakun and Liu Rong
      (Note)

   Note: The English translation of the above company name is for reference only. The official name of the company established in the PRC is in
         Chinese.




                                                                                           China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025            119
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



29 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     (a)   Balances with related parties

                                                                                            2025          2024
                                                                                         RMB’000       RMB’000

           Amounts due to (non-trade):
           Wei Jiakun                                                                        1,849       1,000


           The amount due to the director is unsecured, interest free and repayable within one year.

     (b)   Guarantees provided by related parties

                                                                                            2025          2024
                                                                                         RMB’000       RMB’000

           Controlling Shareholders of the Group’s Shareholder                              43,566      68,025


     (c)   Key management personnel remuneration

           Remuneration for key management personnel of the Group, including amounts paid to the Company’s
           directors as disclosed in note 8 is as follows:

                                                                                            2025          2024
                                                                                         RMB’000       RMB’000

           Short-term employee benefits                                                        688         765


           Total remuneration is included in “staff costs” (see note 6(b)).




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
120 Annual Report 2025
                                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                          (Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



30 COMPANY-LEVEL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

                                                                                               31/12/2025          31/12/2024
                                                                               NOTE              RMB’000             RMB’000

   Non-current assets
   Investments in a subsidiary                                                                          –*                     –*
   Amount due from a subsidiary                                                                   129,717                 68,477


                                                                                                  129,717                 68,477
   Current assets
   Cash and cash equivalents                                                                             –                     1


                                                                                                         –                     1


   Current liabilities
   Trade and other payables                                                                         6,727                  3,941


                                                                                                    6,727                  3,941


   Net current liabilities                                                                         (6,727)                (3,940)


   Net assets                                                                                     122,990                 64,537


   EQUITY                                                                      23(a)
   Share capital                                                                                    6,397                  4,114
   Reserves                                                                                       116,593                 60,423


   TOTAL EQUITY                                                                                   122,990                 64,537


   *    The balance represents an amount less than RMB1,000.


   The Company’s statement of financial position was approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on
   31 March 2026 and is signed on its behalf by:

                                                               )
   Wei Jiakun                                                  )
                                                               )   Directors
   Lin Weishan                                                 )
                                                               )




                                                                                       China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025   121
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(Expressed in Thousand Renminbi Yuan)



31 IMMEDIATE AND ULTIMATE CONTROLLING PARTY

     The directors consider that the immediate holding company of the Company to be Ming Liang Global Limited (“Ming
     Liang Global”), which is incorporated in the British Virgin Islands. The directors also consider that Mr. Wei Jiakun, Ms.
     Lin Weishan and Ms. Liu Rong, being collectively, are ultimate controlling parties of the Company. Mr. Wei Jiakun
     and Ms. Lin Weishan are directors of the Company.

     The entire issued share capital of Ming Liang Global is held by Wei Family Limited, which is in turn entirely held
     by IQ EQ (BVI) Limited, acting as the trustee of The Wei Family Trust. The Wei Family Trust is a discretionary trust
     established by Mr. Wei Jiakun, Ms. Lin Weishan (the spouse of Mr. Wei Jiakun) and Ms. Liu Rong (the mother of Mr.
     Wei Jiakun) as the settlors and the beneficiaries of The Wei Family Trust include Mr. Wei Jiakun, Ms. Lin Weishan, Ms.
     Liu Rong and certain family members of Mr. Wei Jiakun.




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
122 Annual Report 2025
                                               FINANCIAL SUMMARY


RESULTS

                            2025       2024       2023            2022            2021
                         RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000

Revenue                  242,579    242,203     217,142        208,656         203,074
Profit before taxation    65,737     23,625      39,547         39,389          43,588
Income tax                (8,697)    (2,484)     (3,819)        (4,829)         (4,588)
Profit for the year       57,040     21,141      35,728         34,560          39,000

ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

                            2025       2024       2023            2022            2021
                         RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000

Total assets             563,714    468,691     439,014        407,383         323,960
Total liabilities         98,427    126,900     121,097        138,067         123,383
Total equity             465,287    341,791     317,917        269,316         200,577




                                                 China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                               Annual Report 2025   123
