

===== PAGE 1 =====


===== PAGE 2 =====
MISSION
VISION
Our evolutionary j ourney in the 
center of excellence for display 
technology and solutions.
T o be the leader of 
intelligent automotive 
displays and solutions.

===== PAGE 3 =====
CONTENTS
002
005
022
084
110
135
137
140
195
003
018
028
090
129
136
138
141
196
About
BOE Varitronix
Chairman’s
Statement
Review of
Operations
Board of Directors 
and Senior 
Management
Report of the
Directors
Consolidated Statement
of Profit or Loss
Consolidated Statement
of Financial Position
Consolidated Cash
Flow Statement
Five Year
Summary
Corporate
Information
Management
Discussion and Analysis
Environmental, Social 
and Governance Report
Corporate
Governance Report
Report of the
Independent Auditor
Consolidated Statement
of Profit or Loss and Other
Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Statement 
of Changes in Equity
Notes to the
Financial Statements
Properties Held
by the Group

===== PAGE 4 =====
ABOUT  
BOE V ARITRONIX
BOE Varitronix Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) was established in 1978 and 
the shares of the Company were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited 
in 1991. The Group is principally engaged in the automotive and industrial display business and has 
monochrome display manufacturing capacity and thin film transistor (TFT) and touch panel display 
module assembly capacity.
The Company is a subsidiary of BOE Technology Group Co., Ltd. (“BOE”). BOE is a well-known leading 
supplier of semiconductor display technologies, products and services and its products are widely 
used in a broad spectrum of applications such as mobile phones, tablets, notebooks, monitors, 
televisions, automotive displays and digital information displays. The Company falls under Display and 
Sensor Business Group of the BOE Group. The Company focuses on automotive and industrial display 
module business and is the sole sales platform of the BOE Group for automotive display and system 
businesses.
The Group is now in a global leading position with the highest market shares in terms of overall 
automotive TFT display products and in medium-to-large size display modules. Our vision is to become 
a leading integrated automotive smart cockpit display system solution provider.

===== PAGE 5 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 03
CORPORATE
INFORMATION
The corporate information of BOE Varitronix Limited as of the 
latest practicable date* prior to the issue of this annual report, 
is as follows:
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS:
Mr. Gao Wenbao (Chairman)
Ms. Ko Wing Yan, Samantha
Mr. Su Ning
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS:
Mr. Shao Xibin
Mr. Jin Hao
Mr. Meng Chao
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTORS:
Mr. Fung, Yuk Kan Peter
Mr. Chu, Howard Ho Hwa
Mr. Pang Chunlin
COMPANY SECRETARY
Mr. Chung Kai Cheong
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE
Ms. Ko Wing Yan, Samantha
Mr. Chung Kai Cheong
AUDIT COMMITTEE
Mr. Fung, Yuk Kan Peter (Chairman)
Mr. Chu, Howard Ho Hwa
Mr. Pang Chunlin
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
Mr. Fung, Yuk Kan Peter (Chairman)
Mr. Gao Wenbao
Ms. Ko Wing Yan, Samantha
Mr. Chu, Howard Ho Hwa
Mr. Pang Chunlin
NOMINATION COMMITTEE
Mr. Gao Wenbao (Chairman)
Mr. Su Ning
Mr. Fung, Yuk Kan Peter
Mr. Chu, Howard Ho Hwa
Mr. Pang Chunlin
INVESTMENT COMMITTEE
Mr. Gao Wenbao (Chairman)
Ms. Ko Wing Yan, Samantha
Mr. Su Ning
Other members are not directors of the Company
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
KPMG
Public Interest Entity Auditor registered in accordance with
the Accounting and Financial Reporting Council Ordinance
LEGAL ADVISER
Baker & McKenzie
PRINCIPAL BANKERS
(IN ALPHABETICAL ORDER)
Agricultural Bank of China Limited
Bank of China Limited
Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited
Bank of Communications Co., Ltd.
China Citic Bank International Limited
China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
CMB Wing Lung Bank Limited
Hang Seng Bank Limited
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited
Industrial Bank Co., Ltd.
MUFG Bank, Ltd.
Shanghai Pudong Development Bank Co., Ltd.
The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited
* the latest practicable date: 31 March 2025, being the latest practicable date prior to the issue of this annual report.

===== PAGE 6 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited04
CORPORATE INFORMATION
FINANCIAL CALENDAR
Annual General Meeting
Last Registration Date Wednesday, 18 June 2025
  
Book close period Thursday, 19 June 2025 to Wednesday, 25 June 2025 (both days inclusive)
  
Record date Wednesday, 25 June 2025
  
Meeting Date Wednesday, 25 June 2025
  
Final Dividend
Ex-dividend date Friday, 4 July 2025
  
Book close period Tuesday, 8 July 2025 to Friday, 11 July 2025 (both days inclusive)
  
Record date Friday, 11 July 2025
  
Payment date On or around Friday, 18 July 2025
  
CONSTITUENT STOCK BY HANG 
SENG INDEXES COMPANY LIMITED 
AND HONG KONG STOCK CONNECT
1. Hang Seng Composite Index
2. Hang Seng Small Cap (Investable) Index
3. Hang Seng Stock Connect Hong Kong Index
4. Hang Seng Stock Connect Hong Kong MidCap & SmallCap 
Index
5. Hang Seng Stock Connect Hong Kong SmallCap Index
6. Hang Seng SCHK Mainland China Companies Index
7. Hang Seng SCHK Automobile Index
8. Hang Seng China State-holding Enterprises Index
SHARE CAPITAL
As at 31 December 2024,
the share capital of the Company is as follows:
Number of authorised shares: 5,000,000,000
Number of issued share: 791,575,204
Total authorised share capital: HK$1,250,000,000 
Total issued share capital: HK$197,893,801
Par value: HK$0.25
COMPANY WEBSITE
http://www.boevx.com
WeChat ID: BOEVx0710
INVESTOR RELATIONS CONTACT
investor@boevx.com
REGISTERED OFFICE
Clarendon House
2 Church Street
Hamilton HM11
Bermuda
HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL 
PLACE OF BUSINESS
Units A–F, 35/F., Legend Tower
No. 7 Shing Yip Street
Kwun Tong, Kowloon
Hong Kong
PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRARS 
AND TRANSFER OFFICE
Appleby Global Corporate Services (Bermuda) Limited
Canon’s Court, 22 Victoria Street,
PO Box HM 1179, Hamilton HM EX
Bermuda
HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE 
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Shops 1712–16, 17/F., Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai
Hong Kong
LISTING INFORMATION
The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
Stock Code: 710

===== PAGE 7 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 05
CHAIRMAN’S
STATEMENT
REVENUE BY GEOGRAPHY (By location of sourcing decision of customers)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
2023 5% 24% 3% 7% 57% 4%
2024 6% 18% 9%3% 62% 2%
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
80
90
100
Korea JapanAmerica Europe PRC Others
HK$838m HK$2,444m HK$376m HK$1,157m HK$8,350m HK$284m
HK$570m HK$2,536m HK$304m HK$773m HK$6,174m HK$403m

===== PAGE 8 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited06
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
Highlights
HK$ million (Unless otherwise indicated) For the year ended 2024 For the year ended 2023
Revenue 13,449 10,760   
EBITDA1 686 771   
Profit Attributable to Shareholders 391.3 475.3   
Profit Attributable to Shareholders 
 excluding grants and net exchange gain 359.7 413.8   
Basic Earnings per Share 49.6 HK cents 60.4 HK cents   
Diluted Earnings per Share 49.5 HK cents 60.2 HK cents   
Final Dividend per Share 17.0 HK cents 19.0 HK cents
   
Operating cash inflow 1,457 1,186
As of 31 December 2024 As of 31 December 2023
Cash resources 2 4,122 3,572   
Cash and Fixed Deposits Balance 3,544 3,501   
1 EBITDA means profit for the year plus the following to the extent deducted in calculating such profit for the year: finance cos ts, income tax, depreciation 
and amortisation.
2 Cash resources include cash and cash equivalents, fixed deposits, current other financial assets and restricted bank deposits.
Mr. Gao Wenbao
Chairman
On behalf of BOE Varitronix Limited (the “Company”) and its 
subsidiaries (“BOEVx” or the “Group”), I present the results 
for the full year ended 31 December 2024 (the “year under 
review”).
During the year under review, revenue of HK$13,449 million was 
recorded, an increase of 25% when compared with HK$10,760 
million recorded in 2023. EBITDA of the Group was HK$686 
million, 11% lower than HK$771 million recorded in 2023. The 
profit attributable to shareholders was HK$391.3 million, a 
decrease of 18%, when compared to that for the year 2023.
The Group has strong cash resources and in a net cash 
position. As at 31 December 2024, the Group has total cash 
resources of HK4,122 million, compared to HK$3,572 million at 
the end of 2023. The Group has bank loans of HK$376 million as 
at 31 December 2024, a decrease of 39% when compared with 
HK$620 million as at the end of 2023. Among the bank loans of 
HK$376 million, HK$170 million is long-term borrowing mainly 
to facilitate our capital expenditure. The increase in our overall 
cash resources and decrease in bank loans were attributable to 
our rigorous efforts in working capital management. The Group 
is committed to maintain the bank borrowings at an appropriate 
level to maintain a healthy gearing, with main source of funding 
from its operation.

===== PAGE 9 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 07
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
EBITDA has decreased by 11% to HK$686 million, with EBITDA 
margin of approximately 5.1% (2023: 7.2%) of the Group’s 
revenue. The decrease was mainly due to the same factors as 
the decrease of profit attributable to shareholders mentioned 
above. The lower magnitude in decrease as compared to that 
of the profit attributable to shareholders was mainly due to the 
impact of depreciation, and with the further optimisation of our 
production capacity and our continuous effort for better quality 
and supply chain management in future, we believe that the 
net profit attributable to shareholder margin shall be positively 
impacted.
DIVIDENDS
The Group has no change in its dividend policy.
The Board (the “Board”) of Directors (the “Director”) has 
recommended a final dividend of 17.0 HK cents (2023: 19.0 HK 
cents) per share. The annual dividend payout ratio was 34% (the 
amount of final dividend proposed after the end of the reporting 
period over profit attributable to equity shareholders of the 
company) (2023: 32%).
The Group’s revenue growth was primarily fueled by increased 
sales of our Thin Film Transistor (“TFT”) products, touch panel 
display modules, and automotive system products. This was 
primarily attributed to the significant growth in New Energy 
Vehicle (“NEV”) demand, along with our achievements in 
customer service, exceptional quality, and enhanced production 
capacity.
The Group’s TFT module business and touch panel display 
module business contributed around 93% of the Group’s 
revenue while the revenue from monochrome display business 
decreased in its contribution during the year under review. 
Among the Group’s revenue, automotive display business 
contributes 94% and the remaining mainly represents industrial 
display business.
The overall operating profit margin was hit by the switch in the 
product mix, the impact of price adjustments, and increase of 
cost of inventory. In addition, the increase in freight charges 
due to geo-political conflicts, the increase in sales, marketing, 
commission and quality assurance expenses for our increased 
effort for the overseas market exploration, the increase in 
insurance expenses for the protection of recoverability, the 
increase in subcontracting fees due to urgent orders, as well as 
the increase in factory consumables to improve our quality also 
impacted our profitability. We are committed to work to reduce 
our production and operating costs to improve profitability.
During the year under review, the profit attributable to 
shareholders decreased by approximately HK$84 million, 
or 18%, compared to that of 2023. The decline is primarily 
attributed to the factors outlined in the operating profit margin, 
as well as a reduction in government grants.


===== PAGE 10 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited08
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
Hong Kong Heyuan (New) Heyuan (Old) Chengdu
The PRC government has implemented supportive policies such 
as trade-in incentives for old vehicles, initiatives to promote NEV 
to rural areas, the development of smart vehicle infrastructure, 
the elimination of purchase restrictions, and tax concessions. 
Concurrently, leading NEV manufacturers launch new models 
and adjusted pricing, driving a considerable increase in NEV 
sales across the PRC market. Through strategies such as joint 
development of new technologies, offering high-value products 
at competitive prices, and delivering high-quality solutions, we 
have successfully contributed to our customers’ growth while 
growing alongside with them.
Our revenue from overseas increase stably. In the United States, 
despite the macroeconomic challenges posed by high inflation 
and interest rates, we achieved considerable revenue growth. 
This is attributed to our strategic investments in research and 
development (“R&D”) and marketing, including our participation 
in the Consumer Electronics Show (“CES”) for three consecutive 
years in 2024, which allowed us to showcase our product 
innovations to customers with positive outcomes. We have also 
collaborated closely with our leading Tier-1 partners to secure 
orders from overseas automotive manufacturers and enhance 
our customer service capabilities, including increase our expert 
workforce to provide system-related products to overseas well-
known customers, increasing our workforce in local areas such 
as Michigan, USA, France, Korea and other Asian countries 
to provide timely support. Furthermore, we have successfully 
expanded our product applications to agricultural vehicles, and 
with the launch of additional modules, we see ample growth 
opportunities for our business. We will continue to explore new 
applications to drive further growth.
BUSINESS REVIEW
AUTOMOTIVE DISPLAY BUSINESS
For the year under review, the revenue for the automotive 
display business was HK$12,660 million, an increase of 30% 
from the revenue of HK$9,710 million recorded in 2023. The 
automotive display business represented approximately 94% 
of the Group’s overall revenue. Our systems business has 
emerged as a new growth factor, focusing on intelligent display 
systems, advanced display systems, intelligent cockpit systems, 
overseas display systems, and other related product offerings. 
Revenue from our systems business has significant growth 
compared to that of 2023.
The Group has maintained number one market share in the 
global automotive display market in terms of delivery quantity, 
area and in particular, delivery for displays 8 inches and above 
in size according to Omdia data. Additionally, our market share 
in Low Temperature Poly-silicon (“LTPS”) and oxide technologies 
is steadily increasing. We have sustained the advantages of 
our existing business, and the market has also recognized the 
development of our new technologies.
Our customers’ headquarter and decision-making unit cover all 
over the world, and with the increasing overall manufacturing, 
subcontracting, processing capability of our global customers 
in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), customers whose 
decision-making centers are located in the PRC contributes 
the most of our revenue. Our customer base has been 
expanding and covers a majority of the top 20 PRC automotive 
manufacturers, NEV manufacturers and overseas automotive 
manufacturers. To further strengthen these business 
relationships, we have established strategic partnerships with 
most of the leading PRC NEV automotive manufacturers.


===== PAGE 11 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 09
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
Shenzhen Huizhou Hefei Vietnam
We have also convened quality conference with suppliers 
to communicate and align on quality standards required by 
customers. We also designated specific months as the “Quality 
month” during the year to thoroughly review the quality 
performance of suppliers. We conduct rigorous assessments 
of suppliers, utilizing best-in-class suppliers as benchmarks to 
evaluate their capabilities and quality rating. Closely reference 
to the quality specifications and comments of our customers is 
the primary factor for choosing suppliers.
To achieve timely and effective measures, we are shifting 
certain of our quality inspection measures approximate to the 
suppliers’ or customers’ facilities and to conduct necessary 
inspections, ensuring that the quality meets the required 
standards. We are also arranging for experts to provide 
guidance to suppliers on quality requirements, significantly 
improving the yield of their products. Through our ongoing 
efforts, we have significantly enhanced our quality, reducing 
cost of quality and have received supplier awards from 
numerous leading NEV manufacturers.
We implemented stringent procurement controls aligned with 
production requirements to minimize the accumulation of raw 
materials. Throughout the year, we effectively managed lead 
times, ensuring we met production needs while avoiding excess 
inventory, inventory turnover days has significantly improved 
from 67 days in 2023 to 55 days for the year 2024.
The manufacturing facilities in Chengdu, China (the “Chengdu 
Plant”) was set up in late 2022, it leverages state-of-the-art 
production equipment, such as super-sized display product’s 
production capacity to meet the market needs. With our rigours 
efforts, the Chengdu Plant further consolidated its production 
efficiency and quality control. The Chengdu Plant is ramping 
up to achieve better operational efficiency to enhance our 
profitability of the automotive display business.
In Japan, we have actively participated in exhibitions held by 
Japanese automakers, receiving positive market responses. Our 
revenue has recorded significant growth thanks to our efforts 
in advanced product technology development and superior 
customer services accelerated by the establishment of our new 
office in Nagoya, Japan and additional R&D workforce invested 
in Japan.
Our system business is key of our “three-step development 
strategy”. Through our ongoing efforts in R&D and market 
expansion in the last three years, we have successfully securing 
orders from leading NEV manufacturers. Additionally, with the 
mass production of orders obtained in previous years, our 
revenue from the system business grow significantly in 2024. 
Furthermore, the composition of our Tier 1 customer base has 
become more diverse and resilient.
During the year under review, we implemented a  
comprehensive series of quality control measures, continued to 
enhance our quality management and improvement systems, 
and consequently gained more trust from our customers. 
We have established a Quality Control Committee (“QCC”) in 
2024 and implemented centralized quality management to 
ensure consistent supplier performance oversight across our 
manufacturing facilities. The QCC monitors supplier quality 
and implements measures to meet our stringent quality 
requirements. We have also deployed more automated 
production processes to stabilize output and maintain quality 
consistency.


===== PAGE 12 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited10
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
The NEV industry is a priority for the PRC government, which 
has implemented a variety of supportive policies, including 
trade-in subsidies for older vehicles, initiatives to promote NEVs 
in rural areas, the development of smart vehicle infrastructure, 
the elimination of purchase restrictions, and tax incentives. 
These measures are driving rapid growth in the PRC NEV 
industry.
According to statistics from the China Association of 
Automobile Manufacturers (“CAAM”) in 2024, the production 
and sales volume of automobiles in the PRC increased year-
over-year by 3.7% and 4.5%, reaching 31.3 million and 31.4 
million units respectively, and the production and sales volume 
of NEV in the PRC recorded a year-over-year growth of 34.4% 
and 35.5% respectively, reaching 12.9 million units each. The 
automotive industry, especially NEV, has become an important 
driving force behind the PRC industrial economic growth.
Globally, the European and United States markets are 
currently facing several near-term challenges. In the broader 
macroeconomic context, factors such as economic downturns, 
high inflation, a slower-than-anticipated decline in interest rates, 
and geopolitical conflicts have negatively impacted consumer 
demand for vehicles. Additionally, the absence of government 
subsidies and inadequate NEV infrastructure have impeded the 
growth of NEV sales across both the European and American 
markets. The European Union has implemented tariffs of up to 
45.3% on imports of electric vehicles from China, while the U.S. 
government’s shift toward supporting fuel-powered vehicles 
has also affected the NEV industry. These developments 
may alter the competitive landscape among manufacturers 
worldwide.
INDUSTRIAL DISPLAY BUSINESS
For the year under review, the industrial display business 
generated revenue of HK$789 million, a decrease of 
approximately 25% from HK$1,050 million recorded for 2023. 
This business represented approximately 6% of the Group’s 
overall revenue.
The decline in revenue during the year was primarily due to 
reduced consumer demand as a trend of transitioning to larger 
and full-color display products. We will continue to focus on 
promoting our products for new applications and emerging 
markets, and discover new opportunities.
INDUSTRY REVIEW
In 2024, the global geopolitical landscape experienced an 
escalation of tensions amid a persistently high inflationary 
environment. The slower-than-expected decline in interest 
rates contributed to a slower growth trajectories of certain 
economies, resulting in increased complexity, severity, and 
uncertainty regarding global economic development. Although 
the GDP growth of the PRC exceeded the global average, the 
adverse external environment had a notable impact on the PRC 
economy, presenting various challenges for its industries and 
trade sectors.
The PRC government intensified its macroeconomic control 
efforts. The focus was placed on expanding domestic demand, 
optimizing the economic structure, and bolstering confidence. 
According to the National Bureau of Statistics, the PRC GDP in 
2024 recorded a 5% year-over-year increase, surpassing market 
expectations. The stable growth observed in consumption, 
exports, and per capita disposable income of residents suggests 
a positive outlook for PRC economic prospects.


===== PAGE 13 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 11
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
AUTOMOTIVE DISPLAY BUSINESS
The automotive display device business represents a vast, tens 
of billion-level market with significant room for growth. The 
global automotive display modules market is exhibiting a steady 
upward trajectory, particularly in emerging technologies such 
as oxide and LTPS, which we are well-equipped. According 
to Omdia data, the total global in-vehicle display module 
shipments, the global medium and large-sized (8 inches and 
above) shipments and the global oxide and LTPS shipments are 
forecasted to have a compound annual growth rates of 3.05%, 
7.16% and 17.24% over the next three years respectively.
As regard to product mix, liquid crystal display (“LCD”) 
technology remains the predominant solution with its cost 
competitiveness compared to that of organic light-emitting 
diode (“OLED”) due to the complex manufacturing process and 
higher investment cost. With the pursuance of higher quality 
displays, we believe more advanced technology as annexed 
in Technology Development section below will be applied. We 
will work with our suppliers, among others, to utilise our major 
shareholder’s new 8.6 higher-generation OLED production 
line in Chengdu to strive for higher competitiveness when 
appropriate.
The NEV industry is a strategic priority for the PRC government 
as mentioned in the Industry Review section, with ample 
opportunities for us.
Amid the ample opportunities ahead, the automotive market is 
rapidly consolidating around the top-tier NEV manufacturers, 
with leading players is poised to increase significantly in 
future. We anticipate that the expansion of the industry will 
create additional revenue and profitability opportunities and 
this attracted intensifying competition, market share of less 
competitive players is being conquered by the prominent 
players through price wars. Those supply chains are adapting 
to the new industry dynamics. We remain cautious about 
business with emerging automotive startups and are proactively 
promoting changes within the supply chain, improving cost 
management of our plants and driving cost down to respond 
to remain competitive. We will also maintain our steadfast 
commitment to support prominent players and keep the robust 
strategic partnerships with them.
In the Japanese and Korean markets, the overall development 
of the NEV industry has also been hindered by the prevailing 
economic downturn, insufficient mileage, limited charging 
infrastructure and safety concerns.
In Japan, the sales volume of imported NEV brands has 
recorded considerable growth, reflecting the Japanese market’s 
continued importance as an overseas target for the PRC NEV 
manufacturers.
In the Korean market, local automotive manufacturers are 
planning to introduce more affordable NEV models, while 
leading companies are increasing their investments in charging 
infrastructure. These initiatives are expected to enhance 
the popularity of NEVs and expedite the development of the 
necessary supporting infrastructure. This indicates a positive 
outlook for NEV adoption in the Korean market moving forward.
For the overall market, those leading automotive companies 
will achieve higher sales volume with price competitiveness, 
product feature and brand loyalty, while those smaller players 
will face sales pressure.
BUSINESS OUTLOOK
We believe our automotive business will continue to be the 
core focus of our operations. The Automotive Display segment 
presents us with ample growth opportunities. At the same 
time, the Industrial Display business maintains considerable 
profitability, which remains an important component of our 
overall strategy.
As an overall view, global geopolitical tensions have been 
intensified, leading to the possible imposition of additional 
tariffs on NEVs manufactured in the PRC. This may impact the 
competitiveness of our customers’ products and, in turn, affect 
our revenue and profitability. To mitigate the risks, we have 
actively seeking demand in emerging markets and is setting up 
overseas production bases to counteract the impact of tariffs 
and other potential impacts.
We will also rigorously monitor the efficiency of the Chengdu 
Plant as well as other new production facilities while it is 
ramping up to achieve better operational efficiency and to our 
best, to avoid any possible excessive inventory provision and 
losses.

===== PAGE 14 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited12
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
In response to the diverse supply chain location requirements 
of our overseas customers, we are exploring various strategies 
to meet these needs, including opportunities for overseas 
mergers and acquisitions, as well as the establishment of 
global production bases. Such capital expenditures will be 
implemented gradually, with the objective of aligning order 
intake with production capacity.
Emerging markets, particularly in Southeast Asia, represent a 
key growth area for the NEV industry. As our leading customers 
expand their operations, we are proactively exploring local 
markets and have already achieved promising results. With the 
continued growth of our business, we may further strengthen 
our investment in the Southeast Asian market.
Our system business is a vital component of our “three-
step development strategy”. The smart cockpit is poised to 
become a cornerstone of automotive systems, while the low-
altitude economy presents substantial development potential. 
In 2024, we introduced the first group standard for integrated 
displays in smart cockpits within the PRC market. This 
successful establishment of the standard not only supports the 
standardized development and technological advancements of 
integrated displays for smart cockpits but also underscores our 
technical expertise and industry leadership in the automotive 
display sector. In addition, to capitalize on opportunities in 
the smart cockpit and low-altitude economy sectors, we will 
proactively cultivate a talent pool to support the development 
of new product lines.
We will further enhance our production, R&D, and customer 
service capabilities for the current and potential businesses, 
and deploy core technologies and human resources to achieve 
sustained and rapid business growth.
Given the trend of NEV penetration rates in the PRC surpassing 
50%, the automotive industry is transitioning from electrification 
to artificial intelligence (“AI”), high-end display technologies, 
and large-screen capabilities. Smart cockpit solutions will be 
increasingly integrated and empowered by AI to achieve more 
advanced functionalities. With the support of big data, the 
AI capabilities of leading NEV manufacturers will continue to 
outpace new market entrants, establishing a strengthening 
technological monopoly. In light of the intense market 
competition, we will enhance our risk awareness, concentrate 
on our leading customers, continuously improve product 
quality and technical capabilities, optimize factory operational 
efficiency and services, and strive for a significant leap in quality 
from satisfactory to exceptional.
Simultaneously, young consumers are diversifying their brand 
preferences and prioritizing cost-effectiveness and functionality. 
Traditional overseas vehicle manufacturers may leverage 
local R&D, procurement, and design teams to develop models 
tailored for the PRC market, while integrating into the local 
manufacturing system to enhance cost competitiveness. We 
will collaborate closely with leading automotive manufacturers 
to optimize product dimensions, promote platform-based and 
standardized offerings, and enhance R&D and quality systems 
to achieve optimal cost-effectiveness and product quality.
Globally, the U.S. and European markets will continue to present 
opportunities, as outlined in the Industry Review section, while 
maintaining a cautious approach to protecting local interests. 
Additionally, shifts in NEV policies resulting from changes in 
political leadership introduce uncertainty to the industry’s 
development. We have a strategy to increase our global sales 
by improving our local presents, diversify production locations, 
product diversities, quality, responsiveness to the market and 
cost competitiveness and challenges.
In 2024, we have participated in CES in the United States for 
three consecutive years, showcasing the innovative capabilities 
of our products on a global stage. Additionally, we plan to 
establish more laboratories in Europe and the United States 
to support customers’ R&D needs. To enhance our market 
presence and customer support, we will also expand our sales 
and service teams, ensuring more effective and timely sales 
services and market promotion.


===== PAGE 15 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 13
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
The vast opportunities in the automotive market may give 
challenge to our supply chain. If our suppliers are unable to 
meet our requirements for quantity, quality or timing, we could 
suffer supply shortages or increase in procurement cost.
We have expanded our supplier sourcing to enhance diversity, 
and with our strong relationship with our major shareholder, we 
are confident in our ability to manage the stability and cost of 
raw materials effectively.
Our costs may increase due to market demand in talents and 
logistic. To maintain competitiveness and secure advantages, 
we have continuously enhancing our investment in employees 
by providing more trainings, apply the use of more automatic 
production process and improve product packaging to improve 
our cost efficiency. We have also recruited more talent to 
maintain the effectiveness of R&D so to drive a higher revenue 
per our staff.
The NEV industry is significantly influenced by government 
policies and subsidies. The support to NEVs may diminish 
consumer demand for our customers’ products, this 
consequently impacts our sales. To mitigate policy risks in any 
single region, we are actively exploring additional markets to 
achieve a more stable income mix.
The demand for vehicle intelligence is on the rise, positioning 
AI and smart cockpits as the future standard in development. 
To uphold our leadership in product technology, we are making 
substantial investments in R&D to cater for the need. Additional 
R&D facilities such as laboratories will be established, we 
will also leverage our shareholders’ strengths in production 
capacity and technology, enabling us to consistently produce 
more advanced, higher-quality, and cost-effective products to 
sustain our competitiveness.
Competition in the NEV market is intense, and ongoing 
price competition may erode profit margins. Additionally, 
the heightened competition could lead to the exit of less 
resilient automotive manufacturers. Having said that, a leading 
automotive manufacturer could still achieve higher sales due 
to its good product creativeness, attractive price performance 
ratio, customer loyalties. To mitigate risks associate with 
less promising customers and enhance profitability, we will 
concentrate more on leading customers and establish strategic 
partnerships with them so as to increase our sales and drive to 
lower marginal costs.
The NEV industry is a key focus of government support in 
the PRC. Favorable policies and subsidies have not only 
driven rapid industry growth but have also intensified market 
competition. Additionally, suppliers from non-automotive 
sectors are entering the automotive market, further increasing 
supply chain competition. However, we are confident that our 
strong customer relationships, superior quality control, and 
robust supply chain management will enable us to maintain our 
leading position in the industry.
The current geo-political conflicts are intensifying, it could be 
a threat to our business. Our overseas sales may be subject to 
additional tariffs or other trade barriers and lead to additional 
costs. We have actively sought different remedies including 
transfer of costs to suppliers and/or customers, exploring 
the opportunities of setting up overseas production plant and 
cooperation with overseas partners to counteract the potential 
impact of tariffs and other geo-political risks.


===== PAGE 16 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited14
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
The Group remains resolute in its efforts to expand the 
automotive display business, solidifying its market-leading 
position while setting clear short-term and long-term strategic 
objectives. We will continue to execute its “three-step 
development strategy” that is to further strengthen the leading 
position of the automotive display device business, then to 
explore the development of the automotive display system 
business, and ultimately grasp the development opportunities 
from system and smart cockpit solutions. Our “HERO” 
(Healthiness, Entertainment, Relaxation and Office) application 
initiative together with the smart cockpit solutions empowered 
by AI, have been introduced as the first group standard for 
integrated displays in smart cockpits in the PRC market. We 
believe this will be the milestone for our future growth.
Apart from automotive business, we will also leverage our 
existing resources to explore the vast opportunities in industrial 
and other display business to foster “Twin Engines” fast growth 
to our business.
Sustainable development is crucial to the Group’s success, 
and we place great emphasis on environmental protection 
and sustainability. Our production plants regularly measure 
and monitor pollutant emissions, we also take a collaborative 
approach to supply chain for the overall sustainability 
management, and set 2025 targets for reducing carbon 
emissions, energy and water consumption, and waste, and 
undertake to achieve “carbon neutrality” by 2050. The Group 
held its 2024 Annual Supplier Quality Conference in Chengdu, 
with the theme “Quality First, Shape Future”, for the purpose 
of further strengthening communication and cooperation with 
suppliers and aiming to provide customers with satisfactory 
quality products and services and maintain sustainability of our 
environment. In September 2024, the Group won the TISAX AL2 
level label and ISO/IEC 27001 information security management 
system certification and ISO/SAE 21434 automotive 
cybersecurity management system certification issued by BSI. 
It further demonstrates that we have reached a new level in 
information security management and established Industry 
model and benchmark.
TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT
To leverage the opportunities arising from automotive 
intelligence, we are dedicated to advancing our technical 
capabilities. Our investment in research and development is 
steadily increasing, with R&D expenditures raised from HK$237 
million in 2023 to HK$284 million in 2024. Furthermore, the 
number of R&D technicians grew from approximately 410 in 
2023 to around 450 in 2024. We are fully equipped with the 
requisite resources and talent, and we are optimistic about the 
promising opportunities that the future holds.
INDUSTRIAL AND OTHER DISPLAY 
BUSINESS
Customers are shifting to different kind of displays including 
TFT, the Group continues to explore the possibility of applying 
TFT technology to other products and has successfully obtained 
automotive related industrial display business. We believe that 
our quality has been recognized and are confident in pursuing 
other cooperation opportunities in future.
The Industrial and Other display business represents a tens of 
billions market opportunity to us, and leverage our long industry 
knowledge, strong supply-chain and customer relationship, we 
continuously look into this opportunities and realise our further 
expansion, there are vest application opportunities in industrial 
and other displays business such as for unmanned stores, show 
room, public transportation, aviation, train and coaches station, 
car parking and charging facilities, vendors machines, fringe, 
new generation study desk, home appliance, e.t.c.. We believe 
the further development of these business could pave huge 
growth to us.
STRATEGIC DEVELOPMENT PLAN
With a long establishment, we have made significant progress 
in strengthening our internal capabilities and securing sufficient 
cash and resource reserves to support our rapid expansion. 
Maintaining an asset-light model, we leverage the existing 
production, R&D capacity of BOE Technology Group Co., Ltd. 
and its subsidiaries (the “BOE Group”) across various locations 
to meet market demand with relatively modest investments.
Regarding automotive business, we maintain a strong position 
in the high-end and large-size product segments. Thanks to 
our advanced-generation production lines in both amorphous 
silicon and oxide-based, we are well-equipped to remain 
competitive in terms of cost, supply capacity, and quality. 
Our controlling shareholder, the BOE Technology Group Co., 
Ltd., provides unparalleled resources in R&D technology and 
production capacity, which will enable us to successfully 
compete in the LTPS/Oxide/OLED in-vehicle technology upgrade 
market.
Expanding into overseas markets is a core focus of our business 
strategy. We will actively participate in global exhibitions 
to showcase our technological innovations to international 
audience. Additionally, we will strengthen strategic partnerships 
with leading Tier-1 customers to collaboratively secure new 
business opportunities. To better support our customers’ 
R&D needs, we plan to expand our overseas sales teams and 
laboratories, ensuring tailored and responsive customer service.

===== PAGE 17 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 15
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
ADS-PRO
ADS, is the abbreviation of Advanced Super Dimension Switch. 
This technology not only has the advantages of ripple free on 
touching and wide viewing angle, but also has the advantages 
of more accurate gamma and smaller color deviation in large 
viewing angle.
On the basis of ADS technology, ADS-Pro further superimposes 
high-end technologies such as Mini Light-Emitting Diode 
(“Mini LED”), BOE Dual Cell (“BD Cell”), high refresh rate, high 
resolution and high color gamut, so that the screen display 
effect is closer to the real picture seen by the human eye.
Recently, we had several BD Cell and Mini LED display screen 
projects awarded in well-known car manufacturers, which 
shows customers’ recognition of us.
F-OLED
f-OLED represents the high-end flexible OLED technology 
solution, which has the industry leading advantages of gorgeous 
colors, varied forms and high integration, and brings users an 
immersive experience anytime and anywhere.
A number of automotive f-OLED projects have entered the mass 
production stage.
Besides, we are developing Tandem OLED (Double Layer OLED), 
a new type of OLED formed by electrically connecting multiple 
organic light emitting (EL) units in series inside the device 
through a special internal connection layer, which can have the 
characteristics of high efficiency and long life at the same time.
From new energy era to the intelligent era, people’s demand for 
cars is no longer just at the level of comfortable transportation 
tools. Personalized needs such as more intelligence, leisure, 
and entertainment are becoming important considerations for 
car buyers. With the development of smart driving and smart 
cockpits, it is time to truly create a human-vehicle ecosystem 
and use smart cockpits as the “third living space”. The vehicle 
display screen is the best expression of cockpit intelligence and 
the best interface.
Facing the future development of new cars in the new era, 
the Group has been committed to innovation and change, and 
promotes industry progress and change through continuous 
technological innovation. The Group’s vehicle-mounted products 
have gone from being single-sized in the past to increasing 
sizes and diversifying shapes, and then to the application 
and development of technologies such as resolution, depth 
of field, and low reflection of ambient light; through system 
integration design, the screen-to-side-mirror has been realized 
A perfect replacement; expand usage scenarios through under-
screen cameras, smart interior screens, panoramic head-up 
display (PHUD) and other solutions; realize high-end business 
applications with both green and artistic beauty through LCD 
dimming glass.
Relying on its ability to provide integrated solutions from display 
panel and module manufacturing to system integration, AI 
empowerment, and extended medical and health services, the 
Group proposes “HERO” project creates a smart cockpit that 
integrates Healthiness, Entertainment, Relaxation and Office 
to truly achieve the integration of emotion and intelligence 
between people and cars.
PANORAMIC HEAD-UP DISPLAY 
(PHUD)
PHUD is an advanced vehicle head-up display technology. 
PHUD uses optical technology to project key information such 
as navigation, vehicle speed, oil pressure, and tire pressure in 
colour onto the windshield in front of the driver’s line of sight. 
PHUD not only reduces the time the driver takes his eyes off 
the road, but also provides a seamless experience from A-pillar 
to A-pillar, allowing multiple screens to be hidden under the 
dashboard and connected to each other, further enhancing the 
driving experience.
We have several PHUD projects awarded in car manufacturers. 
At the same time, our 44.8-inch PHUD was exhibited for the first 
time at CES 2025, which received good market feedback.


===== PAGE 18 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited16
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
PRIVACY ON DEMAND TECHNOLOGY 
(“POD”)
Due to the consideration of driving safety requirement, 
Switchable Privacy display among automotive business is still 
growing. The evaluation of BOEVx Privacy on Demand (POD) 
Technology has been completed. Performance can meet most 
of the OEM requirements. The patented configuration has 
improved the long-lasting large angle light leakage issue. This 
technology has promoted to different Tier-1 and OEM all over 
the world and gets preliminary positive feedback from the 
customer. We expect this technology will be launched in the 
market in 2025.
FRONT LIGHT/TAILLIGHT 
APPLICATION
Due to the trend of autonomous driving, information exchange 
like eye-contact and gesture between driver and pedestrian 
will be less and less. Therefore, another way of information 
exchange system between cars and pedestrians has to be 
implemented to ensure road safety. The new way of front light/
taillight display can show different complex messages with high 
brightness and can pass the stringent reliability test condition 
of front light/taillight requirement is under development. With 
this lighting system, a car can show the message using high 
resolution display and let the pedestrian understand the car’s 
current situation. This can help to improve road safety with the 
autonomous driving level increase. We expected the evaluation 
will be completed in Q3 2025 and bring the growing point of 
display business.
SMART COCKPIT DISPLAY SYSTEM
In the development of smart cockpit display system, the Group 
is not only enhancing its capabilities in the existing technology 
product lines but also exploring more solutions.
In National Standard, the first domestic group standard for smart 
cockpit displays has been approved by the authoritative project. 
The standard stipulates in detail the technical requirements 
for smart cockpit displays, from optical performance, electrical 
performance, safety performance and environmental 
adaptability. It also provides corresponding test methods. This 
move is to promote the use of smart cockpit displays. A strong 
guarantee for technological upgrading and standardization and 
unification in terms of quality, performance and safety. The 
formulation of the standard “Technical Specifications for Smart 
Cockpit Displays” will set a clear technical benchmark for the 
entire industry.
3D DISPLAY
Regarding 3D display, at present, reliability verification of 12.3-
inch, 5K ultra-HD naked eye 3D display hardware has been 
completed, which can be applied to instrument cluster and 
entertainment display, and is currently cooperating with some 
car makers to verify the vehicle machine system to explore 
more vehicle machine use scenarios.
The next step is actively expanding the application of 3D in 
the field of industrial control and commercial display to enable 
more application scenarios.
LIGHT FIELD SCREEN TECHNOLOGY
Light Field Screen Technology use light field technology to 
increase the viewing distance through multiple refraction and 
reflection of light. It can realize large-screen long-distance 
imaging display in the limited space in the car. It not only 
provides a wider field of view for rear seat passengers, but 
also effectively reduces visual fatigue and dizziness caused by 
watching the screen are eliminated. At the same time, due to 
the large-screen display, the mobile cinema experience in the 
car is truly realized, which greatly enriches the entertainment 
scenes in the cockpit.
We will complete the prototype development in the first half of 
2025, and will combine speech recognition, gesture interaction 
and other functions to enrich the human-computer interaction 
experience, the product will be applied to back seat screen, 
headrest screen.
DUAL VIEW DUAL TOUCH DISPLAY 
TECHNOLOGY
Dual-view display technology is a technology that can display 
images from two different angles on the same screen, enabling 
observers from different angles to see different contents, 
realizing multi-user interaction, simplifying vehicle space and 
reducing load. The product has a wide range of application 
scenarios in aviation, high-speed rail, vehicle-mounted, medical 
treatment, education and training and other fields.
We are actively developing this technology and expect to 
produce a POC prototype for promotion in the first half of 2025.

===== PAGE 19 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 17
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
During the year under review, the Group has achieved higher 
growth in revenue through successful implementation of our 
strategy. Our customer base has broadened and solidified 
thanks to the trust of our business partners. The Group will 
continue to grasp the upcoming trend of the automotive 
industry and to pursuit our strategy to become a leading 
integrated automotive smart cockpit display system solution 
provider. Our success and continuing growth were contributed 
by our management, employees, shareholders, investors 
and business partners, on behalf of the Board, I would like to 
express my sincere gratitude for their continuous support.
Gao Wenbao
Chairman
Hong Kong, 26 March 2025
In terms of technology development, we have developed the 
BVP (BOE Vision Plus) image quality enhancement technology 
integrated into the display assembly, using a dedicated image 
quality chip to improve the screen-side image quality, so that 
the image has better clarity, dark details and layering. This can 
be achieved using ordinary normal backlight.
For Camera Monitoring System (“CMS”), the Group has 
completed the development of the first product that passed the 
authoritative test based on the new China national standard 
GB15084 for class III under the regulation for indirect vision 
device in vehicle in the PRC and has obtained 3C certification, 
which realize our market value and actively explore and deploy 
from passenger cars to commercial vehicles. We also actively 
develop the layout from Class III mirrors for passenger cars 
to Class II, IV, V and VI mirrors for commercial vehicles, and 
successfully completed preparations for pre-research and mass 
production project development.
DETACHABLE AFTER-MARKET 
INSTRUMENT CLUSTER DISPLAY
The first mass-produced independent instrument product uses 
pogo pin (pluggable spring pin connector) connection method 
for plug-and-play, which perfectly solves the functional needs 
of end customers for instrument display. At present, it has been 
designated as a customer project for mass production (2024). 
At the same time, many car manufacturers are docking similar 
products and developing a new product type.
Automotive independent instruments (including SOC), dual-
screen independent instrument projects, brand-new UI/
UE design, and systematic design to meet customers’ multi-
language and multi-theme needs. In the project, new work 
contents such as actual vehicle testing and production line 
production calibration were completed, laying a technical 
foundation for the subsequent development and production 
of complex controller systems. Customer orders have been 
obtained and mass production is planned in 2025.
The self-developed rotating structure assembly will be suitable 
for ceiling screen projects and back seat screen projects, 
further enhancing the comprehensive capabilities.
The back screen rotation technology has been put into mass 
production in the assembly project (2024).
We have rotating structure ceiling screen project awarded in 
car manufacturers, which will be mass-produced in 2025.

===== PAGE 20 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited18
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS
REVENUE
The revenue of BOE Varitronix Limited (the “Company”) and 
its subsidiaries (the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 
2024 increased by approximately 25% to HK$13,449 million as 
compared to that of 2023. The Group’s revenue growth was 
primarily fueled by increased sales of our Thin Film Transistor 
(“TFT”) products, touch panel display modules, and automotive 
system products. This was primarily attributed to the significant 
growth in New Energy Vehicle (“NEV”) demand, along with 
our achievements in customer service, quality, and enhanced 
production capacity.
PROFIT FROM OPERATIONS
The profit from operations for the year ended 31 December 
2024 was HK$437 million, a decrease of HK$132 million or 
approximately 23% as compared to that of 2023. The decrease 
in profit from operations was primarily due to the impact of 
the switch in the product mix, the impact of price adjustments, 
and increase of cost of inventory. In addition, the increase in 
freight charges due to geo-political conflicts, the increase in 
sales, marketing, commission and quality assurance expenses 
for our increased effort for the overseas market exploration, 
the increase in insurance expenses for the protection of 
recoverability, the increase in subcontracting fees due to 
urgent orders, as well as the increase in factory consumables 
to improve our qualities also impacted our profitability. We are 
committed to work to reduce our production and operating 
costs to improve profitability.
During the financial year 2024, the number of R&D technicians 
grew from approximately 410 in 2023 to around 450 and the 
Group invested HK$284 million on research and development 
(“R&D”) activities, an increase of 20% compared to that of 2023, 
which represented approximately 2% of the Group’s revenue. 
The R&D expenses growth alongside our revenue to maintain 
the technological advantage.
NET PROFIT AND DIVIDENDS
The profit attributable to shareholders for the year ended 31 
December 2024 was HK$391.3 million, as compared with a 
profit attributable to shareholders of HK$475.3 million in 2023. 
The decrease is primarily attributed to the factors outlined in 
the profit from operations, as well as a reduction in government 
grants.
Basic earnings per share for the year ended 31 December 2024 
were 49.6 HK cents as compared with basic earnings per share 
of 60.4 HK cents in 2023. During the year, the Group did not 
declare an interim dividend. The Board has recommended a 
final dividend of 17.0 HK cents per share for the year ended 31 
December 2024, which will aggregate to HK$135 million. The 
total dividend for the year amounted to 17.0 HK cents per share.
The Board has adopted a dividend policy on 1 January 2019 
(the “Dividend Policy”). Under the Dividend Policy, subject to 
compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations and the 
bye-laws of the Company, the Company intends to maintain a 
stable dividend policy in future with a dividend payout ratio of 
not less than 30%. However, the determination to pay dividends 
in the future will be made at the discretion of the Board of 
directors (the “Board”) and will be based on the profits, cash 
flows, financial condition, capital requirements and other 
conditions that the Board deems relevant. The payment of 
dividends may be limited by legal restrictions and agreements 
that the Company may enter into in the future.
The Dividend Policy will continue to be reviewed from time to 
time and there can be no assurance that dividends will be paid 
in any particular amount for any given period.


===== PAGE 21 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 19
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
STRUCTURE OF ASSETS
As at 31 December 2024, the total assets of the Group 
amounted to HK$11,465 million (2023: HK$10,034 million), such 
increase was mainly due to the investment for the expansion 
of our business and our improvement of working capital. 
The construction of the manufacturing facilities in Chengdu, 
China (the “Chengdu Plant”) has been gradually completed. 
Our cash resources* was HK$4,122 million as of 31 December 
2024 (31 December 2023: HK$3,572 million), the increase was 
attributed to our tight control of working capital. At the year 
end, inventories decreased by approximately 9% to HK$1,778 
million (31 December 2023: HK$1,947 million), primarily due 
to the increase in sales orders, better quality control and 
effective inventory management measures implemented. Trade 
receivables have been increased with our increase in revenue, 
our cash collection cycle has been improved.
* Cash resources inc lude cash and cash equivalents, fixed deposits, 
current other financial assets and restricted bank deposits.
LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL 
RESOURCES
As at 31 December 2024, the total equity of the Group was 
HK$4,600 million (31 December 2023: HK$4,410 million). The 
Group’s current ratio, being the proportion of total current 
assets against total current liabilities, was 1.41 as at 31 
December 2024 (31 December 2023: 1.61). Current ratio 
changed mainly due to our investment for the future business 
expansion.
At the year end, the Group held cash resources of HK$4,122 
million (31 December 2023: HK$3,572 million) of which HK$3,544 
million (31 December 2023: HK$3,501 million) was in cash and 
fixed deposits balance, HK$390 million (31 December 2023: 
HK$15 million) was in current other financial assets, and HK$188 
million (31 December 2023: HK$56 million) was in restricted 
bank deposits. The increase in our overall liquid portfolio was 
attributed to our rigorous efforts in optimizing fund and working 
capital management. Additionally, the growth in fixed deposits 
and current other financial assets reflected our proactive 
initiatives to generate risk-free interest income. At the year end, 
the Group had bank borrowings balance of HK$376 million (31 
December 2023: HK$620 million). The carrying amounts of bank 
borrowings are denominated in Renminbi. Among the bank loan 
of HK$376 million, HK$170 million (31 December 2023: HK$383 
million) is long-term borrowing mainly to facilitate our capital 
expenditure. The Group’s gearing ratio (bank borrowings over 
net assets) was approximately 8.2% as at 31 December 2024 
(31 December 2023: 14.1%). The decrease in gearing ratio was 
due to our effort to minimize the operational risk and reduce in 
finance costs.
The Group’s inventory turnover ratio (cost of inventories over 
average inventories balance) for the year ended 31 December 
2024 was 7 times (31 December 2023: 5 times), the inventory 
turnover ratio improved as a favorable outcome, as annexed 
in section Structure of Assets above, of our focused efforts to 
enhance inventory management practices. Debtor turnover 
days (Average trade receivables over revenue times 365) for the 
year ended 31 December 2024 was 69 days (31 December 2023: 
72 days), the improvement was annexed in section Structure of 
Assets above.
CASH FLOWS
In the year under review, the Group’s net cash generated 
from operating activities amounted to HK$1,457 million 
(2023: HK$1,186 million). The net cash generated was mainly 
contributed by the decrease in inventories of HK$136 million, 
the increase in trade and other receivables, deposits and 
prepayments and other contract costs of HK$719 million, and 
the increase in trade and other payables of HK$1,431 million.
Net cash used in investing activities amounted to HK$1,783 
million (2023: HK$224 million). The payments were mainly for 
the purchase of property, plant and equipment of HK$568 
million (2023: HK$502 million), net payments for the placement 
of fixed deposits of HK$844 million (2023: net redemption of 
fixed deposits of HK$62 million) and net payments for the 
purchase of other financial assets HK$364 million (2023: 15 
million).
CAPITAL STRUCTURE
The Group’s long-term capital comprises shareholders’ equity 
and debt, which includes the bank borrowings. There was 
no significant change as to the capital structure of the Group 
during the year. The bank borrowings decreased to HK$376 
million as at 31 December 2024 (31 December 2023: HK$620 
million). The bank borrowings of the Group are denominated in 
Renminbi.
As at 31 December 2024, the Group has cash resources of 
HK$4,122 million (31 December 2023: HK$3,572 million), among 
which, cash and cash equivalents of the Group was HK$2,700 
million (31 December 2023: HK$3,501 million).

===== PAGE 22 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited20
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
The cash and cash equivalents are denominated in:
2024 2023
HK$ million HK$ million
— RMB 1,286 2,168
— USD 1,297 1,198
— HK$ 13 16
— Other currencies 104 119
   
 2,700 3,501
   
FOREIGN CURRENCY AND INTEREST 
RATE EXPOSURE
The Group is exposed to foreign currency risk primarily through 
sales and purchases that are denominated in a currency other 
than the functional currency of the operations to which they 
relate. The currencies giving rise to this risk are primarily United 
States dollars, Euros, Japanese Yen and Renminbi.
The Group primarily hedge its foreign currency exposure by 
its operation and is not engaged in the use of any financial 
instruments for hedging purposes. However, the management 
monitors foreign exchange exposure from time to time and will 
consider hedging significant foreign currency exposure when 
the need arises.
As of 31 December 2024, the bank borrowings of the Group 
are with fixed and floating interest rate, where the balances 
are HK$30 million and HK$346 million respectively (as of 
31 December 2023: HK$443 million and HK$177 million 
respectively). The Group will monitor interest rate movements 
and consider appropriate measures when arranging bank 
borrowings with floating rates.
FINANCIAL GUARANTEES AND 
CHARGE ON ASSETS
At 31 December 2024, the bank loan amount of HK$196,382,000 
(31 December 2023: 171,044,000) is secured by certain land, 
buildings, machinery and equipment of a subsidiary of the 
Group to match its long-term development.
Save as disclosed as above, the Group had no financial 
guarantees and charge on assets as at 31 December 2024 (31 
December 2023: Nil).
COMMITMENTS
The capital commitments outstanding at 31 December 
2024 not provided in the Group’s financial statements were 
approximately HK$204 million (31 December 2023: HK$346 
million), mainly representing the acquisition cost of plant, 
machinery, tools and equipment not provided for in the financial 
statements. The above will be financed by internal resources of 
the Group and/or external financing.


===== PAGE 23 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 21
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
In addition, the Group also operates a Top-Up ORSO scheme, 
approved by the Inland Revenue Department under Section 87A 
of the Inland Revenue Ordinance, and both the employer and 
the employee are required to contribute 5% of the excess of the 
Relevant Income to the scheme. It is only eligible for employees 
who joined the Group on or before 30 June 2009.
With effect from 1 December 2019, the Top-Up ORSO scheme 
is ceased and instead, the Top-Up contributions is made to the 
MPF scheme.
The Group has also complied with all relevant laws, regulations 
and local policies in Hong Kong in relation to staff retirement 
matters.
The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries which operate in 
the PRC are required to participate in central pension schemes 
operated by the local municipal government. The subsidiaries 
are required to contribute certain percentage of the payroll 
costs to the central pension schemes. The contributions 
are charged to the profit or loss as they become payable in 
accordance with the rules of the central pension schemes.
During the year, the total retirement scheme cost charged 
to the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss for the year 
ended 31 December 2024 was HK$74 million (31 December 
2023: HK$65 million). Charges to administer of the scheme 
are deducted from the employer’s contributions. Forfeited 
contributions are used by the employer to offset against future 
contributions. The utilised amount during the year ended 31 
December 2024 was HK$Nil (31 December 2023: HK$Nil) and at 
31 December 2024, the balance available to reduce the level of 
contributions in future amounted to HK$Nil (31 December 2023: 
HK$Nil).
The Group has also implemented retirement schemes for all 
employees of overseas offices in accordance with relevant 
national laws, regulations and local policies.
SIGNIFICANT SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 
AFTER 31 DECEMBER 2024 TO 31 
MARCH 2025, BEING THE LATEST 
PRACTICABLE DATE OF THIS 
REPORT
The Group had no material events for disclosure subsequent to 
31 December 2024 and up to the date of this report.
OTHER INVESTMENTS
As at 31 December 2024, the Group owned a diversified 
investment portfolio, such as equity investments in the 
automotive industry.
Apart from the above, there are no other material investment. 
The results of the above investments have been properly 
reflected in the audited financial statements for the year ended 
31 December 2024.
CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
As at 31 December 2024, the Company had no material 
contingent liabilities (31 December 2023: Nil).
STAFF
As at 31 December 2024, the Group employed 7,393 staff 
around the world, of whom 124 were in Hong Kong, 7,210 were 
in the PRC and 59 were in overseas. The Group remunerates 
its employees (including directors) based on their performance, 
experience and prevailing industry practice. The Group operates 
a share award plan, provides rent-free quarters to certain of its 
employees in Hong Kong and the PRC and other fringe benefit 
to employees. The fringe benefit includes maternity leave, 
paternity leave, paid leave and etc.
The Group adopts a performance-based remuneration policy. 
Salary adjustments and performance bonuses are based on 
the evaluation of job performance. The aim is to create an 
atmosphere that encourages top performers and provides 
incentives for employees to improve and excel.
The Group always keeps pace with the times and strive to 
improve human resources efficiency and corporate governance 
capabilities, arrange sufficient human resources, provide 
different training and development programmes to attract, 
motivate and retain talented staff.
STAFF RETIREMENT SCHEMES
In Hong Kong, the Group principally participates in the 
Mandatory Provident Fund (“MPF”) Scheme operated by 
independent trustees. Contribution at a fixed rate of 5% of the 
employee’s relevant income (the “Relevant Income”), subject to 
a cap of monthly Relevant Income of HK$30,000 per employee, 
are made to the scheme and are vested immediately.

===== PAGE 24 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited
REVIEW OF
OPERATIONS
22
18%
6% 2%
62%
EUROPE
AMERICA
 OTHERS
THE PRC
KOREA
JAPAN
3%
9%
REVIEW OF  
OPERA TIONS

===== PAGE 25 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 23
REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
The NEV sector is a key priority within the industry, supported 
by policies such as trade-in subsidies, promotion of NEVs 
in rural areas, development of smart infrastructure, and tax 
incentives, all of which are fuelling robust growth. According to 
2024 data from CAAM, automobile production and sales in the 
PRC increased by 3.7% and 4.5%, reaching 31.3 million and 31.4 
million units, respectively. In contrast, NEV production and sales 
experienced remarkable growth of 34.4% and 35.5%, totalling 
12.9 million units each. The automotive industry, particularly 
NEVs, plays a significant role in driving the PRC’s industrial and 
economic growth.
The NEV sector has emerged as an unstoppable trend within 
the automotive industry. CAAM forecasts that the overall sales 
volume of NEVs will sustain robust growth, with an anticipated 
increase of approximately 24% in 2025. We have strategically 
seized this opportunity. Through comprehensive optimization 
of our supply chain, quality, production, and sales processes, 
we have consistently garnered the trust of our customers, 
established strategic partnerships with leading companies, and 
upheld our position as the market leader in China.
REVENUE BY LOCATION OF 
SOURCING DECISION OF 
CUSTOMERS
THE PRC
During the year under review, based on the location of sourcing 
decision of customers, the PRC generated revenue of HK$8,350 
million, representing an increase of approximately 35% as 
compared with that in 2023. Approximately 62% of the Group’s 
total revenue was sourced from this region and mainly from 
automotive display business.
The year 2024 presents both challenges and opportunities. 
The escalation of conflict has heightened tensions in the 
international political landscape, while leadership changes in 
advanced economies have introduced instability to the PRC’s 
economic development and the NEV industry. Nevertheless, 
thanks to the PRC government’s targeted initiatives to stimulate 
consumer demand and enhance economic structure, the 
PRC’s GDP recorded a growth rate of 5% in 2024, surpassing 
expectations and highlighting the sustainability of the country’s 
economic growth.


===== PAGE 26 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited24
REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
As a supplier of NEV manufacturers, the Group works with our 
NEV business partners to empower their growth and remain 
competitive. With the immense business opportunities brought 
by the growth of demand of NEV and the demand for larger 
and more advanced display and the sustainable renewal of 
automotive, we have prepared the new TFT and touch panel 
display modules manufacturing facilities in the Chengdu Plant 
to greet the needs, the Chengdu Plant further strengthens the 
production and supply capacity of the Group. We collaborate 
closely with the PRC’s leading automotive companies to 
optimize product dimensions and promote platform-based, 
standardized offerings to achieve optimal cost performance. 
Concurrently, we have progressively enhanced our personnel, 
technology, and quality process systems. Through these efforts, 
we have consistently improved product quality and technical 
capabilities, increased factory operational efficiency, and 
elevated our services, resulting in a significant transition from 
existing standards to excellence.
Due to the keen competition, it will be more challenging for the 
leading PRC automotive manufacturers to maintain significant 
growth rate in the PRC market. To achieve breakthrough in 
the growth rate, overseas markets will be a critical option for 
the leading PRC automotive manufacturers. Though facing 
certain challenges such as insufficient NEV charging network, 
immature distribution channel for PRC NEV manufacturers 
and unstable political pressure from foreign governments, the 
PRC automotive manufactures have improved much in cost 
performance ratio, product uniqueness, product design and 
product quality, and are becoming more welcomed by overseas 
customers, the PRC NEV manufacturers have increased their 
footprints across the globe with higher global sales. With strong 
customer relationship and excellent product quality, the Group 
believes the orders from overseas regions will have notable 
growth.
We enhance our supply chain management to effectively meet 
production demands while minimizing material turnaround 
times and mitigating the risk of material backlogs. Additionally, 
we have strengthened the management of supplier quality 
by conducting our quality conference, providing subsequent 
training, and collaborating with upstream partners to enhance 
quality performance. We have also shifted quality inspections to 
suppliers to prevent quality issues from affecting downstream 
processes and to reduce losses. Concurrently, the Chengdu 
Plant is optimizing production processes, upgrading personnel 
skills, and improving overall plant efficiency. As a result of these 
efforts, we have further refined our quality standards, earned 
customer trust, and received supplier awards from numerous 
core clients.
On the sales front, we maintain close communication with 
customers to understand their technical product requirements, 
establishing laboratories to consistently deliver cost-effective, 
high-quality, and advanced functional products. Throughout 
the year, the Group has successfully increased revenue across 
various TFT and touch panel display modules. Additionally, we 
partnered with a major automotive manufacturer to launch 
a 45-inch automotive display for its new NEV flagship model, 
receiving positive market feedback. Recognizing the growing 
demand for larger automotive displays is crucial for our 
strategy. We have successfully engaged with key players in 
the NEV sector and secured projects for upcoming car models, 
which will enhance our business prospects in the coming years. 
Simultaneously, our system business has made significant 
strides in China, with a more diversified and robust Tier 1 
customer base, indicating that our efforts in this area are being 
acknowledged by clients. This will contribute to improving our 
revenue structure and sustaining our growth trajectory.
As the PRC’s penetration rate of NEV surpasses 50% by the 
end of 2024, the NEV industry has officially entered the second 
phase of the automotive sector’s transformation, characterized 
by “intelligentization” . In this context, we will witness a shift 
among car manufacturers moving from the growth phase to a 
competitive environment where only a few will prevail during 
this period of intelligence-focused evolution.


===== PAGE 27 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 25
REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
AMERICA
Under the year under review, America generated revenue of 
HK$838 million based on the location of sourcing decision of 
customers, contributing approximately 6% to the total revenue 
of the Group. The revenue has increased by approximately 47% 
as compared with that of 2023.
The increase was mainly contributed by our effort in getting 
orders of TFT displays modules from several automotive 
customers in previous years and start of delivery in 2024. The 
Group has been striving to grasp the NEV trend to promote 
our products to existing and new customers. In 2024, we 
participated in CES in America for the third consecutive year 
to showcase our product innovations to a global audience. 
The Group has been promoting our TFT display modules in 
America for both automotive and industrial customers to 
address the shift of customers’ preference from monochrome 
display to colour display and the end-of-life of monochrome 
display projects, especially in the industrial sectors. The Group 
has been putting utmost effort to explore the opportunity 
to apply our display modules in different types of vehicles 
for the digitalization of data, and obtained positive result. 
With the introduction of new models by our customers, we 
anticipate potential revenue growth from the American market. 
Additionally, we believe that the increasing demand for semi-
system products, which command a higher selling price, will 
further contribute to our business growth in this region.
We collaborate with our prominent Tier-1 customers to secure 
orders from international automotive companies while fostering 
strong customer relationships. We will increase our manpower 
for the local sales team in Middle America to further enhance 
our responsiveness to customers’ needs and empowers the 
Group to promptly understand and response to customer’s 
technical requirements, and to shorten the time of obtaining 
the orders.
To address the needs of our international customers regarding 
origin, cost, and technical requirements, we are implementing 
various strategies, including overseas mergers and acquisitions 
and talent development initiatives, to foster mutual growth with 
our customers.
EUROPE
During the year under review, revenue of HK$2,444 million was 
generated from the display business in Europe based on the 
location of sourcing decision of customers, which represented 
a decrease of approximately 4% as compared with 2023. The 
European region contributed approximately 18% of the total 
revenue for the Group in the year under review.
The decrease was hindered by geopolitical conflict, inflation, 
energy crisis, downturn of global economy, and high interest 
rate.
Under the changing market environment, our sales team in 
Europe has been working diligently to capture the business 
opportunities emerged from new demand, such as cyber 
security, privacy, safety and sustainability, and putting effort 
to maintain strong relationship with our customers. During the 
year, the Group optimized features of our system products, 
and successfully won orders about cyber security and virtual 
screens. The Group will keep endeavour to explore the potential 
market of system business.
During the year, the Group also explored business opportunities 
from high potential industrial customers in Europe, and 
successfully won orders and opportunities from new energy 
transportation and aviation industry.
With the commencement of production for specific projects in 
2025, we anticipate material revenue growth from the European 
market.

===== PAGE 28 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited26
REVIEW OF OPERATIONS
KOREA
During the year, revenue generated from Korea based on the 
location of sourcing decision of customers was HK$376 million, 
representing an increase of approximately 24% from that of 
2023. Korea accounted for approximately 3% of the Group’s 
revenue.
Revenue from Korea was mainly derived from automotive 
display business. The increase in revenue during the year was 
mainly due to the mass production of orders we obtained in 
previous years. Korea will be an important market to the Group 
and we are putting utmost effort to obtain orders from leading 
Tier-1 manufacturers.
In the Korean market, local automotive manufacturers are 
planning to introduce more affordable NEV models, while 
major companies are ramping up their investments in charging 
infrastructure. These initiatives are expected to enhance 
the appeal of NEVs and accelerate the development of the 
necessary supporting infrastructure, indicating a positive 
outlook for NEV adoption in the Korean market going forward.
JAPAN
During the year, revenue generated from Japan based on 
the location of sourcing decision of customers was HK$1,157 
million, representing an increase of approximately 50% from 
that of 2023. Japan accounted for approximately 9% of the 
Group’s revenue.
The increase was mainly contributed by our effort in getting 
orders of TFT displays modules from several automotive 
customers in previous years and start of delivery in 2024. 
Leveraging the long experience for serving leading automotive 
customers and the strong relationship obtained, the Group 
continued to win orders from leading automotive manufacturers 
in both TFT display and monochrome display modules.
The Group is committed to promoting our new oxide display 
modules and system solutions to both current and potential 
customers, recognizing the potential for growth. Additionally, 
our new office in Nagoya, equipped with an expanded team 
of local sales personnel and technicians, began operations 
in 2024. This development will enhance our responsiveness 
to customers’ needs, enabling us to better understand 
and address technical requirements and shorten the order 
acquisition timeline.
In light of our customer’s plans to expand production capacity 
in the PRC, we believe there is significant potential for revenue 
growth from the Japanese customers.


===== PAGE 29 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 27
REVIEW OF OPERATIONS


===== PAGE 30 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
28
The Group began incorporating its 
Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) 
Report into its Annual Report from 2014. 
The ESG Report was prepared for the period 
from 1 January 2024 to 31 December 2024 
and has been compiled in accordance with 
the Environmental, Social and Governance 
Reporting Guide (the “Guide”) requirements as 
set out in Appendix C2 of the Rules Governing 
(“the Listing Rules”) the Listing of Securities on 
the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the 
“Stock Exchange”). The covered scopes and 
contents are in compliance with the disclosure 
obligations under the “Comply or Explain” 
provisions in the Guide. During the year, the 
Company participated and kept updating the 
climate change section in the CDP (Disclosure 
Insight Action). To strengthen our climate-
related disclosures, we also consider following 
the recommendations of the Task Force on 
Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). 
Unless otherwise stated, the ESG Report 
covers operations in the PRC (including Heyuan 
and Chengdu) and Hong Kong, which together 
represent the core operations of the Group.
ENVIRONMENT AL,  
SOCIAL AND  
GOVERNANCE  
REPORT

===== PAGE 31 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 29
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
ESG STATEMENT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Board of Directors of the Company has authorised the functional departments and ESG risk management team to take charge 
of the overall supervision of ESG management and hold ESG communication meetings no less than twice a year and electronic 
meetings regularly and as necessary. We are responsible for developing the Company’s ESG strategy and regularly reviewing 
its implementation; identifying and evaluating ESG risks and developing response plans; reviewing ESG management policies to 
ensure that they are consistently implemented and put into practice; reviewing ESG plans and goals and periodically reviewing 
the achievement of ESG goals; reviewing ESG performance, and ultimately coordinating, implementing and executing such plans 
and goals. The Company also reports sustainability-related policy updates, industrial major news on key sustainability issues, 
and sustainability-themed case analysis regularly. It is committed to improving the skills and abilities of the staff in sustainable 
development and promoting them to actively fulfil responsibilities in sustainable development risk management with an attitude of 
continuing learning, thereby continuously improving the Group’s sustainability-related governance level.
In view of the external social and economic environment and the Group’s internal development strategy, the Board will continue 
to pay attention to the sustainable development trends at home and abroad, strengthen the assessment of ESG material issues, 
discuss and determine the risks and opportunities of the Company in the aspects of environment, society and governance, and take 
the management and improvement of key issues as the key work of sustainable development.
In 2024, the Board focused on reviewing the following key activities and progress:
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE While consolidating the operation and management system and 
adhering to the bottom line of compliance, the Group steadily advanced 
the implementation of its sustainable development strategy and 
regulated and promoted ESG-related activities to improve management 
standards and reduce operational risks.
  
PRODUCTS To provide customers with better products using a user-oriented 
approach, resulting in a significant improvement in customer 
satisfaction.
  
CLIMATE CHANGE AND CARBON NEUTRALITY The Company undertook the goal of “achieving carbon neutrality by 
2050”, and formulated a roadmap, phased goals and coping strategies 
for carbon neutrality.
  
UNDERTAKING SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY The Company focused on urban revitalization to create social value, and 
put social responsibility into practice.
  
The evaluation results of the Group’s material issues, its 
management and practices on the above works and other ESG 
issues, as disclosed in detail in this Report, were reported to the 
Board in 2024.
As its strategic upgrading advances, the Group’s sustainability 
management has been gradually integrated into the multi-
dimensional, systemic professional management of business 
operations. In response to the increasingly stringent non-
financial information disclosure requirements, sustainability 
management has been given much attention by the Board and 
the Group’s management. The updates on related matters are 
required to be reported at board meetings, and the Group’s ESG 
management and sustainable development reports must be 
approved by the Board. In order to ensure the accuracy of the 
Group’s annual sustainable development report and increase 
internal attention to sustainable development, the report is 
prepared with the engagement of the functional departments 
and ESG risk management team and subject to the final 
approval by the Board before official release.

===== PAGE 32 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited30
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
Assessment
considers
laws and
regulations,
industry, and
stakeholder
requirements
Substantive
assessment
Determine
key work
directions 
and achieve 
goals by the 
areas most
important to
the Company
Set goals
Analyse the
gap between
goals and
current
situation
Gap analysis
Set work
steps, step 
by step
Establish a blueprint
According to
the company
structure,
allocate ESG
work to
various
departments
and integrate
evaluation
indicators
Set performance
Conduct ESG 
training for 
employees 
and suppliers
Staff training
Establish
an ESG
management
system and
improve ESG
work
Establish
an ESG
management
system and
improve ESG
work
Deploy
according to
the Group’s
overall work
Enrich and
deepen ESG
practices
Carry out
comprehensively 
ESG work
Build and
improve ESG
management
system
Sort out the
management
status
Benchmark
ESG
management
standards
Familiar with
ESG-related
policies and
requirements
Clarify the
departments
responsible for
ESG
Implement
comprehensively 
the new ESG
development
concept
Examples of 
ESG implementation strategies
Establish an ESG management 
system and improve ESG work

===== PAGE 33 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 31
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
The content of the ESG Report has followed the reporting principles in relation to “materiality”, “quantitative”, consistency” and 
“balance” under the Guide, the application of which is as follows:
Reporting Principle Application in the ESG Report
Materiality
We have identified and disclosed in the ESG Report the process of and the criteria for the selection 
of material ESG topics. We have also identified and disclosed significant stakeholders, the process 
and results of their participation in the ESG Report.
   
Quantitative
We have disclosed the data on the standards, methodologies, assumptions and/or calculation tools 
used to report environmental key performance indicators (KPIs), and the sources of the conversion 
factors used.
   
Balance The ESG Report reflects both positive and negative ESG information reasonably and objectively.
   
Consistency We use standardized ways and methods to collect and calculate data. We state changes in methods 
or related factors in the ESG Report to allow meaningful comparisons.
   
All opinions on the ESG Report are highly valued. If there 
is any enquiry or suggestion, please send an email to: 
Investor@boevx.com.
We understand the importance of ESG to the Group and its 
stakeholders in the capital market. It has established and 
gradually improved its ESG governance and management 
mechanisms to promote the integration of ESG into the Group’s 
operations and management. We believe this integration will 
ultimately lead to long-term stable environmental, social and 
corporate values.
The Board has overall responsibility for the ESG strategy and 
reporting. The Board considers sustainability issues as being an 
integral part of its overall strategy, and each key sustainability 
risk and opportunity that has been identified is suitably 
evaluated, tracked, and proactively managed. The Board 
has been closely overseeing the ESG issues and the Group’s 
initiative to make continuing ongoing improvements and to 
formulate an effective reporting mechanism. BOEVx’s ESG risk 
management and reporting mechanism takes into consideration 
operational management and relevant stakeholders. 
Assessment of ESG status and progress are conducted on an 
ongoing basis.
Under the Board’s delegation, the functional departments and 
ESG risk management team oversee the Group’s sustainability 
performance, and ensures that sustainability considerations 
are incorporated into our decision-making process across all 
business units. They regularly report to the Board about their 
evaluation of the Group’s sustainability strategies, targets and 
performance. They would collect and analyze environmental 
and social performance indicators to recommend appropriate 
improvement measures to enhance the Company’s 
sustainability performance. We convene trainings regularly and 
arranged a training about rules and regulation compliance in 
December 2024. The Board takes ESG issues seriously to ensure 
the top management of each function monitors its own area 
of responsibility, always seek improvements and is committed 
to rolling out development plans with stakeholders’ interests a 
primary concern.

===== PAGE 34 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited32
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
In 2024, the Group continued to standardize its ESG governance 
and management process, with a specific focus on the process 
of determining material ESG issues. Based on the external 
socio-economic environment and the Group’s development 
strategy, we optimize our communication and involved key 
stakeholders to identify, evaluate and manage important ESG 
matters. The Group attaches importance to ESG disclosure-
related work, and the Board oversees the preparation process 
of the ESG report and reviews and approves the annual ESG 
report to ensure the veracity and effectiveness of information 
disclosure. The Group formulates performance targets including 
environmental and social targets, which will be reviewed and 
followed up by the Board.
The Group studied the sustainable development management 
strategy and set up the net-zero emissions by 2050 as the 
strategic goal, and commenced the research on carbon 
neutrality roadmap and strategy to formulate plans for the 
path to carbon emission reduction. The Group measured 
the carbon footprint within the Group’s operational control, 
assessed the feasibility of our emission reduction targets, and 
developed emission reduction strategies which are (among 
others) the Group’s vigorous promotion of energy conservation 
and emission reduction: improving the carbon emission 
audit system; carrying out energy conservation and emission 
reduction projects actively; strengthening the reasonable use 
of green energy, building plant rooftop photovoltaic power 
generation projects and etc. Heyuan and Chengdu reduced its 
carbon emission by 2,026.78 tCO
2e and 4,401.06 tCO 2e (includes 
using green electricity instead of conventional electricity to 
reduce by 3,219.60 tCO
2e and implementing energy-saving 
projects to reduce by 1,181.46 tCO 2e) respectively in 2024. 
We will also regularly review the carbon emission reduction 
pathway and related goals based on changes in environmental 
trends and corporate business development.
In times of transcendence and uncertainty, the Group’s focus 
on core principles is paramount. Amidst challenges, our 
obsessive fixation on operational efficiency has catalyzed 
enhancements within our business. With our rigours efforts, 
Chengdu Plant further consolidated its production efficiency 
and quality control. Chengdu Plant is ramping up to achieve 
better operational efficiency. Simultaneously, the Company 
is actively leading the way — ensure that the Group’s 
management procedures are effective and that adequate 
resources are allocated to improve our ESG performance. Our 
growth and sustainability are ensured well into the future.
The value of ESG 
efforts to the Group
Integrate core 
products with ESG 
indicators to respond 
to customer and 
stakeholders’ 
requirements and gain 
competitive advantage
Improve ESG ratings 
and enhance 
corporate image
Reduce energy and 
material costs, 
lower operating 
costs
Meet customers’ 
ESG compliance
requirements
Improve employee 
satisfaction, 
enhance employee 
productivity and 
talent attraction
Risk control
Obtain green assets 
such as green 
certi/f_icates
and green carbon

===== PAGE 35 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 33
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
The ESG Risk Management Team consists of top management from operations and finance, and communicates regularly to 
ensure ESG risks are properly managed. The Company has integrated sustainability factors into its daily operations and through 
the sustainable development strategy, goals and action to regularly track and evaluate the progress of targets, and ensure that 
all measures are implemented. We continuously evaluate the possibility and degree of impact of related risks and opportunities, 
incorporate sustainability-related risks into the enterprise risk management system, and ensure the effective operation of the 
Group’s sustainability related risk management and internal control system.
ESG Risk Management and Reporting Mechanism
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Recognising and prioritising stakeholders’ need and expectations in
relation to ESG, and formulating strategic plan accordingly.
KEY STAKEHOLDER
Shareholders/Investors, regulators, customers,
suppliers, community and employees
FUNCTIONAL DEPARTMENTS
Designing, implementing and monitoring risk
management and internal control systems in
relation to ESG, taking into account the Board’s
ESG priority.
ESG RISK MANAGEMENT TEAM
Monitoring to ensure effective implementation
of ESG strategic plan, and regularly reviewing
stakeholders’ expectation on ESG matters.

===== PAGE 36 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited34
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
ENGAGING STAKEHOLDERS
The Group communicates regularly with stakeholders through various channels in order to understand their different expectations 
and the possible impacts to them of its sustainable development activities.
Stakeholders Communication channels Channels content
Shareholders/
Investors
 General meetings and notices
 Annual/interim reports, financial statements and 
announcements
 Direct communications
 Corporate website
 Investor briefings
 Business sustainability
 Financial performance
 Corporate transparency
 Corporate social responsibility
   
Regulators
 Meetings
 Compliance reporting
 Compliance with laws and  
regulations
   
Customers
 Direct communication via frontline staff
 Customer audits and factory visits
 Corporate website
 Quality products and services, and  
delivery arrangements
 Technological developments
 Product responsibility
 Factory and labour conditions
   
Suppliers
 Direct communication and meetings
 Site visits and reviews
 Vendor acceptance and management processes
 Questionnaire
 Sustainable procurement
 RoHS considerations
 Corporate reputation
 Industry experience and expertise
   
Community
 Involvement in and meeting with various  
communities through social services and sports 
activities
 Cooperation with local universities and NGOs
 Improvement of community  
environment and culture
 Support for public welfare activities
   
Employees
 Training and development
 Regular performance appraisals
 Newsletters
 Work-life balance activities
 Policy communication
 Communication with labour union
 Health and safety
 Remuneration and welfare
 Career development
 Integrity and business conduct
   

===== PAGE 37 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 35
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
MATERIALITY MATRIX
During the year, the Group has evaluated a number of environmental, social and operation related issues, and assessed their 
importance to the Group and its stakeholders. This assessment helps to ensure the Group’s business development is in line with 
the expectations and requirements of its stakeholders. The materiality assessment result is shown below:
Issues of high importance Issues of moderate importance Issues of general
Recruitment and promotion
Benefits and welfare
Health and safety
Development and training
Air emissions
Greenhouse gas emissions
Use of resources (electricity and
water consumption)
Environment and natural resources
Climate change
Quality assurance
Diversity
Hazardous wastes produced
Anti-corruption
Consumer data protection
and privacy policies
Supply chain management
Product responsibility
Intellectual property rights
Whistle-blowing procedures
Compensation and dismissal
Equal opportunity
Anti-discrimination
Preventing child and forced labour
Community investment
Resources contributed
Non-hazardous wastes produced
Social Environmental Operation
MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT
The issues that matter most to the Group’s business and its 
stakeholders are identified and presented in the materiality 
matrix above which is the risks and opportunities they present 
to the Group. Whilst higher priority is given to these areas, other 
ESG aspects are also monitored on an ongoing basis and are 
included in the ESG report to enhance corporate transparency.
GOVERNANCE
RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL 
CONTROL
The Group places a high priority on risk management and 
internal control. The Group’s risk governance structure is based 
on a “Three Lines Model”, with oversight and directions from 
the Board and the Audit Committee.
Board
Audit Committee
Third Line — Internal Audit
Second Line — Risk Management Function
First Line — Business Units

===== PAGE 38 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited36
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
The Board holds the responsibility of overseeing the 
development of appropriate policies and devising strategies, 
ensuring that the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management 
and internal control system undergoes regular review. The 
relevant responsibilities are managed by the Audit Committee 
and reports to the Board on a regular basis. The Internal 
Audit Department and the Risk Management Committee are 
established, and are responsible for identifying and mitigating 
the risks in all areas, including financial, operational and 
compliance control.
As the first line, individual business units act as the risk owner, 
responsible for identifying, assessing, monitoring and reporting 
their operational risk, and developing respective controls and 
mitigation strategies. Professional functional units (such as 
finance, legal and etc.) serve as the second line, providing risk 
prevention support to the risk owner and relevant supervision. 
As the third line, the Internal Audit Department conducts 
regular audit, to provide independent and objective verification 
and recommendation on corporate governance and risk 
management, ensuring that the Group’s risk management 
and internal control systems are effective and appropriate, 
supporting the fulfillment of business objective, promoting and 
facilitating the continuous improvement.
GOVERNANCE
The Group is committed to maintaining the highest standards 
of integrity and ethical conduct in all our business dealings. 
The Group has a zero-tolerance policy towards corruption, and 
takes active steps to prevent and detect any corrupt practices.
The Group strictly abides by the law and regulations of Hong 
Kong, the PRC and other jurisdiction that we have business 
relationship. The Group formulated the “Code of Conduct”, 
“Anti-corruption Policy” and other policies to stipulate the 
guidelines on anti-bribery, anti-corruption, conflict of interest 
and other contents. These policies are regularly reviewed and 
updated to ensure that they remain effective in preventing 
corrupt practices. The Group also provides regular training 
to the employees on these policies and on the importance of 
ethical behavior.
Whistle-blowing channel is in place for reporting any suspected 
instances of corruption. This system is designed to protect 
whistleblowers and ensure that any allegations are investigated 
thoroughly and impartially. The Group believes that our 
commitment to anti-corruption is essential for building trust 
with our stakeholders and maintaining our reputation as a 
responsible corporate citizen.
CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
The Group takes a precise approach to all transactions with our 
connected party, ensuring that all transactions are conducted 
in compliance with the Listing Rules. All connected party 
transactions are subject to a rigorous review process, ensuring 
that the terms of transactions are fair and reasonable, and the 
transactions are conducted on normal commercial terms or 
better and in the ordinary and usual course of business. The 
Group strictly complies with all applicable provisions under the 
Listing Rules to ensure that all transactions are disclosed and/or 
approved by shareholders in a timely and transparent manner 
as required.
A robust internal control measures are in place to ensure that 
the interests of shareholders as a whole are taken into account. 
Regular checking on the transactions would be conducted to 
assess whether the terms of transactions are followed, and 
regular monitoring on the actual transaction amount would be 
performed to ensure that the annual caps are not exceeded. By 
being rigorous and rule-complying about the connected party 
transactions, the Group can demonstrate the commitment to 
ethical conduct and good governance.

===== PAGE 39 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 37
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Environmental Policies and Performance
EHS Department is responsible for environmental issues
Provide basic knowledge training on environmental protection to new employees when they 
join the Company
Regularly carry out professional knowledge training for key environmental protection positions
Hold regular environmental management meetings
Promote environmental policies to employees through internal portals, internets, websites, brochures and 
etc.
Standardize
Environmental 
Policies
Climate 
Change
Energy
Waste
Water
Resources
management
Impact of
Products
on the
Environment
Greenhouse gas emission monitoring
Actions taken on energy consumption and 
reduction of greenhouse gas emissions
Use renewable energy
ENVIRONMENT
Greenhouse gas emission inventory completed in accordance with the greenhouse gas accounting system 
or other greenhouse gas measurement standards
Measure greenhouse gas emissions at least once a year
Greenhouse gas emissions veri/f_ied by independent third parties
Use gasoline-electric hybrid business vehicles to reduce carbon emissions
Employee energy conservation and climate action training (training topics: Energy management system 
standards and energy review training (March 2024), power supply and distribution system and fan system 
energy conservation technology training (April 2024), energy management system internal auditor training 
(June 2024)
Reduce the use of of/f_ice lights, control the opening hours of air conditioners in of/f_ice areas, and daily 
energy-saving inspections of of/f_ice appliances to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and energy 
consumption in the workplace
Renewable energy as a share of all other energy
Types of renewable energy used: hydropower and wind power
Written regulations or waste management plan for waste management
Reduce internal waste by reusing, collecting or repurposing, such as recycling some plastic trays and 
cartons
Promote waste processing through internal classi/f_ication and processing, such as classi/f_ied collection and 
processing according to general waste and hazardous waste 
Training or activities to improve employees’ awareness of waste reduction and classi/f_ication, such as 
training on solid waste classi/f_ication and collection methods 
Develop water or wastewater management rules and plans
Carry out water-saving publicity and education, and use water-saving water appliances
Installation of cooling towers, production wastewater recovery and puri/f_ication units to reuse general water 
and water generated during operations
Measure and manage to ensure emissions comply with legal requirement 
Measures to reduce the discharge of pollutants into drainage systems
Measures to detect and eliminate unintentional water contamination (e.g. groundwater, surface water) 
Integrate environmentally friendly design into product design, such as developing environmentally friendly 
products and improving energy ef/f_iciency, etc.
Study the carbon footprint of key services

===== PAGE 40 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited38
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
“IoT Vision, Carbon Exploration Future”
BOE’s lean operation focuses on long-term development and 
social symbiosis. It is a carbon reduction path based on the 
four major sectors of “green management”, “green factory”, 
“green supply chain” and “green products”, and constantly 
explores new integration of smart technology and green and 
low-carbon technology. In the future, BOE will continue to 
work closely with upstream and downstream partners, build a sustainable ecological system 
with partners, and jointly promote the green upgrade of the entire display industry, making 
important contributions to achieving the global carbon neutrality goal.
44.8-inch ultra-large vehicle-mounted Oxide smart cockpit
The 2024 World Display Industry Innovation and Development Conference was held in 
Chengdu, Sichuan Province. BOEVx and its ecological partners participated in the “BOE 
Green Low-Carbon Display Ecological Exchange Meeting” during the same period of the 
exhibition.
This smart cockpit solution features 9K ultra-high resolution and 90Hz ultra-high refresh 
rate. It also uses glass-based Mini LED backlight technology to present top-level image quality with over 6,000 partitions, million-
level ultra-high contrast and peak 2,000nit brightness display effects, bringing the ultimate visual feast to users; it also adopts a 
cold-bent curved surface design, and adds Oxide and Mini LED technology to significantly reduce power consumption and bring an 
immersive visual experience, demonstrating the integration of BOEVx’s innovative achievements in integrating green, low-carbon 
and smart technologies.
27-inch Mini LED 
vehicle display
Dual 12.3-inch flat 
Mini LED display
It has million-level high contrast and ultra-high color gamut, and uses Mini LED backlight technology to achieve excellent color 
reproduction and display effects. It can also significantly reduce power consumption to achieve low power consumption and low 
carbon emissions.


===== PAGE 41 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 39
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
telephone conference is held whenever possible to reduce or 
avoid any unnecessary overseas business travel, and encourage 
direct flights are chosen to reduce carbon emissions caused by 
inevitable business travel.
ENVIRONMENT
Over years, the Group has developed streamlined operating 
processes and energy-efficient hardware to lessen energy 
and water utilisation, improved the use of resources and 
investigated new means for environmental preservation.
As a manufacturing company, the Group’s management is 
always aware of the importance of sustainable development 
and environmental protection. The Group’s policy on emissions 
and waste is fully complied with the requirements of the 
emission standard in 《水污染物排放限值》 (DB44/26-2001), 
《大氣污染物排放限值》 (DB44/27-2001) and other relevant 
requirements and standards. The emission and waste treatment 
policies of Chengdu plant fully comply with Discharge Standard 
of Water Pollutants for Electronic Industry 《電子工業水污染物
排放標準》 (GB39731-2020), Integrated Wastewater Discharge 
Standard 《 污 水 綜 合 排 放 標 準 》(GB8978-1996), Sichuan 
Emission Control Standard for Volatile Organic Compounds 《四
川省固定污染源大氣揮發性有機物排放標準》 (DB51/2377-2017), 
Emission Standard of Air Pollutants for Boilers in Chengdu 《成
都市鍋爐大氣污染物排放標準》 (DB51/2672-2020) and other 
relevant regulations.
The Group has been accredited with ISO 14001 since 2005. 
Under this accreditation, the Group resolves to comply 
with environmental laws, regulations and other applicable 
requirements, and to reduce or eliminate pollution while 
minimising any impact on the environment.
The manufacturing facilities in Heyuan and Chengdu are required 
to undergo stringent environmental audit and continuous 
monitoring, in order to protect the natural resources in the 
region and also to comply with all relevant local environmental 
laws and regulations.
CLIMATE CHANGE
As an enterprise with social responsibility, the Group also 
recognises that climate change could create uncertainties in 
our business development. We assess how climate change 
could affect our business operations, and minimise the potential 
impacts on our sustainable growth. We are dedicated to 
reducing our electricity and water consumption, and emissions 
during operations as disclosed.
The main risks of climate change to the development of the 
business includes the market risk-increase in raw material 
costs. Our parts suppliers and their upstream suppliers may 
be subject to more stringent energy saving and emission 
reduction requirements, or be exposed to the risk of inclusion 
in the carbon emission market, carbon tax and other policy 
developments. If they face higher costs, these costs may be 
passed on to the Group. In order to manage the risks of climate 
change, we have carried out a series of actions to support the 
Group with climate change mitigation and adaptation, including 
but not limited to the plant construction photovoltaic power 
generation project, and will continue to deepen our innovation 
and iteration of green products and adhere to any sustainable 
development strategies in order to adapt to new green 
development trends within the market.
Waste management is a vital aspect to the Group. To lower 
environmental impact caused by waste generation, the Group 
has abided by relevant laws and regulations, and strengthened 
its monitoring on the waste management where the 
consumption of electricity and water, recycling of wastewater 
and disposal of hazardous and non-hazardous solid waste can 
be monitored more efficiently.
Greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions are closely linked to 
climate-related crises nowadays. To reduce corporate GHG 
emissions as well as to lower individual carbon footprint of its 
employees, the Group has put efforts in the encouragement 
of employees to take public transport during local and cross-
border business travel, while high speed rail is used or video/
IATF16949 ISO9001 ISO 14001 ISO45001:2018 QC080000 ESD S20.20 ISO14064 / 14067
2023 Q4
ISO45001:2018
(HSMS)
QC080000
(HSPMS)
ISO14001
(EMS)
IATF 16949
ISO 9001
(QMS)
Health and Safety
Hazardous Substance
Process Management
Continuous Improvement
ECO

===== PAGE 42 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited40
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Emission and Waste Performance
Heyuan Plant Chengdu Plant
2024 2023 2024 2023
Waste
Total
tonnes
Tonnes/
Revenue
(HK$1,000
million)
Total
tonnes
Tonnes/
Revenue
(HK$1,000
million)
Total
tonnes
Tonnes/
Revenue
(HK$1,000
million)
Total
tonnes
Tonnes/
Revenue
(HK$1,000
million)
Air
HCL 0.128 0.01 0.147 0.01 N/Aa N/A N/Aa N/A
Particulates <0.007 0.0005 <0.0070 0.0007 0.0005c 0.00 0.004 0.00
SO2 <0.050 0.0037 <0.050 0.0046 0.0003c 0.0000 0.0013 0.0001
NOx 0.02 0.001 <0.01 0.001 0.0045c 0.0003 0.024 0.0022
Greenhouse Gas Total
 (Direct CO2e emissions and
 Indirect CO2e emissions)
36,246.49
CO2e tonnes
2,695.11 54,726.43
CO2e tonnes
5,086.10 18,264.78
CO2e tonnes
1,358.08 18,217.46b
CO2e tonnes
1,693.07
Direct CO2e emissions 11,138.60
Mg CO2e/
piece
828.2103 7,762.38
Mg CO2e/
piece
721.4108 40,487d
Mg CO2e/
piece
3,010.41 50,885b
Mg CO2e/
piece
4,729.0892
Indirect CO2e emissions 0.6552
Kg CO2e/
piece
0.0487 0.9389
Kg CO2e/
piece
0.0873 1.6711
Kg CO2e/
piece
0.1243 1.7650b
Kg CO2e/
piece
0.1640
Intensity (Direct CO2e
 emissions and Indirect
 CO2e emissions) per unit
 of production volume
0.6664
Kg CO2e/
piece
0.0496 0.9466
Kg CO2e/
piece
0.0880 1.7116
Kg CO2e/
piece
0.1273 1.8158b
Kg CO2e/
piece
0.1688
Fumes 0.012 0.0009 0.012 0.0011 0.0222 0.0017 0.025 0.0023
Non-methane total
 hydrocarbon
1.23 0.0915 1.060 0.0985 0.5048e 0.0375 0.121 0.0112
Water
Wastewater 626,808 46,606.29 694,554 64,550 123,941 9,216 100,369 9,328
Solid
Solid Waste Hazardous 106.43 7.91 78.55 7.30 94.61 7.03 48.48 4.51
Solid Waste Non-hazardous 1,262.56 93.88 881.35 81.91 577.11 42.91 352.09 32.72
Note:
a. Since there is no etching process in Chengdu plant, there is no hydrochloric acid discharge.
b. Data revised, which are verified by an independent third party.
c. In 2024, due to the reduction in boiler operating time, Chengdu plant’s boiler flue gas emissions containing particulates, SO 2 and NOx were decreased.
d. As Chengdu plant’s energy-saving measures were strengthened and energy efficiency improved, direct CO 2e emissions decreased.
e. The decrease in activated carbon treatment efficiency in Chengdu plant led to an increase in emission concentration of non-meth ane total hydrocarbons, 
and the increase in product output led to an increase in organic waste gas generation (non-methane total hydrocarbons); the activated carbon will be 
replaced in 2025 to improve the efficiency of organic waste gas treatment.

===== PAGE 43 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 41
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
EMISSIONS
Air
For Heyuan, major emissions in the production plant are 
primarily collected at the exhaust vents of the production 
buildings and canteen kitchen of the plant. Hydrochloric acid 
and organic waste gas (non-methane total hydrocarbons) are 
the main emission created by the production process. It is 
used at the etching stage when producing LCD panels. The 
volatilised hydrochloric acid is drawn to the ventilation system 
in the production buildings, then transmitted to the neutralising 
machines on the rooftop and neutralised with alkali before 
being released to the air. Due to the reduction of black and 
white displays, the emission of HCL in 2024 decreased by 0.019 
tonnes (12.9%) compared with 2023. In the cleaning process, 
cleaning alcohol, alcohol and other organic substances will be 
used, and the volatile organic waste gas will be transported to 
the centralized treatment facility on the roof of the production 
buildings through the exhaust pipe, and will be discharged up to 
the standard through the treatment method of water spraying 
and activated carbon adsorption. The wastewater in the 
process flows into the Company’s sewage treatment facilities, 
and the activated carbon is replaced regularly. The replaced 
waste activated carbon is regarded as hazardous waste and 
is passed to qualified recycling contractors for disposal. Due 
to the increase in production capacity of TFT color displays in 
2024, the emission of non-methane total hydrocarbon increased 
by 0.17 tonnes (16%) compared with 2023.
Emissions such as particulates, nitrogen oxide, sulphur 
dioxide and oil fumes are collected from the exhaust vent at 
the canteen kitchen of Heyuan plant. These substances are 
mainly produced during the process of fuel combustion. Since 
December 2018, the kitchen of Heyuan plant has been using 
bio-alcohol oil as fuel and processing it through a new model 
of oil fume purifier for reducing emissions effectively. However, 
due to the increase in production capacity and the number of 
staff in 2024, the canteen’s nitrogen oxide emissions increased 
by 0.01 tonnes compared to 2023.
For Chengdu, the production plant is mainly engaged in 
automotive LCD module assembly and thus no notable emission 
is generated. Chengdu plant uses a large amount of absolute 
ethanol, adhesives and other chemicals commonly used in 
the electronics industry during the production process. These 
chemicals produce volatile organic compounds (VOCs) during 
use. In order to prevent these substances from polluting the 
workshop and the external air environment, the plant has built 
standardized exhaust gas collection and treatment equipment, 
which maintained good operation. In 2024, Chengdu plant 
conducted monthly monitoring of exhaust pollutant emissions, 
passing rate is 100%, and was subject to supervision and 
monitoring by the government. In addition, the canteen kitchen 
emits oil fumes. The plant has implemented strict control 
measures for air emissions, including: the main equipment and 
workstations in the module workshop that generate VOCs are 
equipped with exhaust gas collection devices. The exhaust gas 
collection efficiency is greater than 90%. The collected organic 
waste gas is purified through two stages of activated carbon 
towers adsorption to be emitted at a concentration far below 
the local emission limit in Sichuan Province; the particulates 
generated during the cutting process is purified by matching 
high-efficiency dust collectors and is locally discharged in clean 
workshops meeting the standards; the natural gas vacuum 
hot water boilers in the plant use low-nitrogen combustion 
technology, ensuring that the concentrations of various 
pollutants are below the emission limits for boilers in Chengdu; 
the canteen kitchen’s oil fumes are treated and discharged 
after meeting the standards through an oil fume purifier.

===== PAGE 44 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited42
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Actual picture of organic waste gas treatment facilities in 
Chengdu plant
Local government 
supervision and monitoring
Greenhouse Gas
For Heyuan, our greenhouse gas emissions stem from burning 
clean oil at plant kitchens, use of purchased electricity and 
etc. The use of energy is the major contributor of both direct 
(Scope 1) and indirect (Scope 2) emissions in the Group. 
Direct emissions (Scope 1) come from the plant canteens and 
commercial vehicle fuel. Since the plant canteens now use 
burning bio-alcohol oil as clean energy, it is no longer within 
the scope of direct carbon emissions. Electricity (Scope 2) for 
carbon emission is more noticeable in our operations.
Scope 1 emissions mainly from commercial vehicle fuel, 
greenhouse gas emissions of plant air-conditioning and 
refrigeration, fire extinguishing equipment filling, wastewater 
and septic tanks. Scope 2 indirect energy emissions, the 
CO
2 equivalent emissions mainly from purchased electricity. 
Greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2) in 2024 are 
approximately 36,246.49 tonnes, of which direct greenhouse 
gas emissions (Scope 1) are approximately 605.88 tonnes of 
CO
2 equivalent; indirect greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 2) 
are approximately 35,640.61 tonnes of CO 2 equivalent. As a 
responsible enterprise, the Group is committed to reducing 
greenhouse gas emissions. This year, it purchased 35,900 green 
certificates, each of which is 1,000 kWh, a decrease of 33.77% 
from the greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2) of 
54,726.43 tonnes in 2023. We do not report Scope 3 emissions 
because of the lack of complete and accurate data.


===== PAGE 45 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 43
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
As a responsible enterprise, the Group is committed to reducing 
energy consumption, upholds the principle of “Green Operation” 
and strives to improve our environmental performance by 
implementing various measures and practices. It includes: video 
conferences are held where possible to avoid any unnecessary 
overseas business travels and direct flights are chosen for 
inevitable business travel; water taps with water efficiency 
labels are installed and dripping taps are fixed immediately to 
avoid the wastage of water resource; divide the office area 
into different light zones using independent lighting switches 
and adopt energy-efficient lighting regularly to increase the 
energy efficiency of lighting system; regular inspection, repair 
and maintenance are performed to ensure the efficiency of 
machineries and vehicles. The Group repairs and maintains 
the equipment and machines regularly and thoroughly from 
time to time in order to ensure the equipment and machines 
under a good condition for operation. The Group is dedicated 
to upgrade the equipment and machines and develops 
technological innovation to strive for breakthroughs in the 
area of clean energy and low carbon emission technology. The 
Guangdong Administration for Market Regulation announced 
the results notice of the energy measurement review of 
key energy-consuming units in 2020. The Group’s energy 
management meets the regulatory requirements. The Water 
Affairs Bureau of Heyuan, Guangdong Province announced in 
2020 that the Group’s enterprises are water-saving enterprises. 
Besides, the Group attaches great importance to the design and 
consumption of packaging of our products so as to reduce the 
usage of packaging materials.
In 2024, we strengthened energy management, improved 
energy efficiency, promoted energy consumption reduction, 
established the ISO 50001:2018 energy management system 
and passed the third-party certification, and obtained the 
certificate in January 2025.
In December 2024, we signed a contract with a power sales 
company for 20 million kWh of green electricity in 2025. In 2025, 
we plan to purchase 2 electric commercial vehicles to replace 
fuel commercial vehicles, which will effectively reduce carbon 
emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2).
For Chengdu, 2024 is the second year of operation for Chengdu 
plant. We completed the 2023 carbon emissions verification in 
June 2024 and obtained the ISO 14064-1 certification. In January 
2025, we completed the 2024 greenhouse gas emissions 
assessment for Scope 1 and Scope 2 (which third-party will 
verify), and expect to complete Scope 3 assessment by the end 
of May 2025 due to the data complexity.
In 2024, the greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2) 
of Chengdu plant amounted to approximately 18,264.78 tonnes, 
representing an increase of approximately 0.26% compared 
to the previous year. CO
2 equivalent direct greenhouse gas 
emissions (Scope 1) accounted amounted to approximately 
432.04 tonnes. The main sources of emissions were from septic 
tanks, official vehicles and fire extinguishers. The CO
2 equivalent 
indirect greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 2) from the input of 
energy sources was approximately 17,832.74 tonnes.
In 2024, Chengdu plant purchased 6 million kWh of green 
electricity to replace part of the conventional electricity, 
and completed the construction and certification of the ISO 
50001:2018 energy management system, effectively promoting 
energy conservation, consumption reduction and carbon 
reduction. Benefit from further implementation of energy-saving 
measures in the plant, improved production efficiency and the 
use of green electricity, the greenhouse gas emission intensity 
per unit product in 2024 decreased by approximately 5.5% 
compared with 2023.


===== PAGE 46 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited44
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
as using green electricity, thereby lowering the carbon footprint 
of the production process. In the transportation phase, we 
employ low-carbon transportation methods, such as rail and 
water transport, to decrease the carbon footprint associated 
with product delivery.
During the operation period of the plants, it is required to 
measure the emissions of pollutants and fill in the monitoring 
report on a regular basis. The emission reduction measures of 
the PRC plant focused on reducing energy consumption.
Product Carbon Footprint
Chengdu plant places great emphasis on reducing the carbon 
footprint of its products. During the product design phase, 
we implement low-power design, lightweight design, and 
disassembly design to minimize the carbon footprint at the 
usage phase of the product. In the raw material procurement 
stage, we select high-quality materials and low carbon footprint 
through dualization and diversification of manufacturers. During 
the manufacturing phase, we utilize lean management practices 
to reduce raw material waste and energy consumption, as well 
2023 2024
0
10
20
2023 2024
0.00
1.00
2.00
2023 2024
0
10
20
2023 2024
0.00
1.00
2.00
2023 2024
2,000
1,000
4,000
0
3,000
2023 2024
2,000
1,000
4,000
0
3,000
Electricity (kWh / 1,000 unit)
Electricity Consumption per
Production Output
Water (tonne / 1,000 unit)
Water Consumption per
Production Output
CO2 (tonne / 1,000 unit)
Emissions per
Production Output
Electricity and Water Consumption, and EmissionsHeyuan PlantChengdu Plant
YearYearYear
YearYearYear

===== PAGE 47 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 45
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Wastewater
Waste is unavoidable during the manufacturing and operation 
process, but the Group keeps a stringent control on the 
emission and ensures it is properly treated to minimise any 
negative impact to the environment.
For Heyuan, wastewater generated during the manufacturing 
process is treated in a large underground wastewater 
treatment facility with a daily maximum treatment capacity 
of 4,000 m
3. The current actual daily treatment is about 2,000 m 3. 
A computer software program recognised by the Heyuan 
Environmental Protection Bureau has been installed to provide 
the data on elements such as Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD) 
and the PH level at the discharge vent directly to the Bureau’s 
system. That means the wastewater discharge in the production 
plant is under continuous and timely monitoring by the Bureau. 
During the reporting period, there was no event or reported 
case of non-compliance which significantly influenced the water 
source.
Due to the adjustment of product structure and the reduction 
of wastewater-generating processes, wastewater discharged in 
2024 decreased by 9.75% compared with 2023, to approximately 
67,700 tonnes.
Chengdu plant uses municipal tap water in its production 
and operation processes, generating domestic sewage and 
production wastewater (including cooling tower drainage, 
concentrated water from the pure water preparation system, 
and wastewater from product cleaning machines). Most of the 
concentrated water and product cleaning wastewater enters 
the plant’s wastewater recycling system and is reused for 
pure water preparation or for toilet flushing. Domestic sewage, 
cooling tower drainage and a small amount of production 
wastewater that cannot be recycled are discharged into the 
municipal sewage pipeline and undergoes unified processing 
at the municipal sewage treatment plant. The plant engages a 
third-party testing agency to conduct regular monitoring of the 
discharged wastewater, and the monitoring results are 100% 
passed.
For the year 2024, in Chengdu plant, the total amount of 
wastewater discharged was 123,941 m³, with an average of 339 
m³ per day, a year-on-year increase of 23% mainly due to the 
increase in the number of employees and production capacity.
Chengdu plant cleaning and recycling device (partial)

===== PAGE 48 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited46
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Solid Waste
For Heyuan, non-hazardous solid waste is usually produced 
during manufacturing and daily living. Used carton boxes, 
wooden packing cases and scrap glass are collected by 
qualified recycling contractors. Production plant staff are also 
encouraged to put rubbish into designated garbage containers. 
Such collected garbage is also collected by qualified recycling 
contractors. Hazardous waste from the production area consists 
primarily of materials used in the manufacturing process. 
Chemicals used during production are collected and treated 
in full compliance with local environmental regulations. The 
Group actively uses recyclable materials and is environmentally 
friendly, 14,729 recyclable plastic boxes (approximately 21.38 
tonnes) were used in 2024. Due to the increase in production 
capacity in 2024, the amount of non-hazardous solid waste 
in 2024 was 381.21 tonnes more than in 2023; the amount of 
hazardous solid waste in 2024 was 27.88 tonnes more than in 
2023.
Hazardous waste generated during the production process 
of Chengdu plant mainly includes hazardous chemical 
contaminants and waste circuit boards, which are classified 
and collected by various waste production units and stored 
uniformly in the hazardous waste storage facility within 
the plant, and regularly transferred to third-party units with 
legal and valid qualifications for disposal or comprehensive 
utilization.
Measures to Reduce Emissions and Waste
For Heyuan, by using automated production equipment where 
possible, we reduce the usage of rags dipped in chemical for 
the glass surface cleaning processing which can mitigate by 
at least 3 tonnes (per annum) of hazardous waste. Besides, 
we strive to reuse and recycle by designating waste sorting 
areas and facilities for a wide range of recyclables. We maintain 
proper records of the recyclables collected and monitor 
our waste performance against waste recycling targets. All 
non-hazardous and non-recyclable wastes are collected by 
qualified waste recycling contractors. Besides, wastewater was 
also reduced to 40mg/L of Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD) 
through Mixed Wastewater Treatment of domestic sewage 
and industrial wastewater, which is lower than the emission 
standard value of 90mg/L. In 2017, an investment of HK$936,700 
in the transformation of the water loop treatment system at the 
plant which was used to treat the waste water and recycling. It 
reduced the annual discharge of 6,000 tonnes of wastewater.
Through the introduction of automation equipment, the 
Company has added 4 new water washing lines in the patching 
process to clean the glass surface, replacing the previous 
manual cleaning with lint-free cloths, effectively reducing the 
emission of solid waste by about 1.5 tonnes.

===== PAGE 49 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 47
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Exterior view of general industrial solid waste storage facilityChengdu plant hazardous waste storage
Interior view of general industrial solid waste facility
Waste wooden pallet transfer point
For Chengdu, the plant is firmly committed to waste reduction, 
resource utilization and harmlessness. The plant has 
established standardized storage facilities for hazardous waste 
(approximately 700 m
2) and general solid waste (approximately 
1,300 m 2), specifically for the collection and temporary storage 
of various types of solid waste, providing favorable conditions 
for achieving the “3R” (Reduce, Reuse, Recycle) of waste.
In addition, to achieve resource recycling, Chengdu plant 
encourages major raw material suppliers to reuse packaging 
materials. In 2024, Chengdu plant promoted 3 material 
suppliers to recycle a total of 548,177 packaging materials 
(plastic pallets) (about 103 tonnes), greatly reducing the amount 
of waste generated and promoting resource recycling. In the 
module production line, source separation was implemented to 
prevent general solid waste from being mixed into containers 
for hazardous waste collection, thus controlling the generation 
volume of hazardous waste.

===== PAGE 50 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited48
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Electronic waste
The electronic waste generated by Chengdu plant mainly 
includes waste backlight sources, waste LCD glass, and waste 
circuit boards, all of which are handed over to qualified units for 
comprehensive utilization. In 2024, a total of 321.45 tonnes of 
various electronic waste were processed, and both the transfer 
procedures and processing processes complied with national 
and local laws and regulations.
Opportunities in Clean Technology
Chengdu plant utilizes advanced production equipment and 
processes. The general energy-consuming equipment in the 
plant meets the mandatory energy efficiency requirements 
specified in relevant standards, and there are no equipment 
that are explicitly prohibited from production or use, nor 
those that are energy-intensive and inefficient. The plant’s 
main energy-consuming equipment includes chillers, cooling 
towers, power transformers, water pumps, air compressors, 
and lighting fixtures, all of which use energy-efficient products. 
Among them, the chillers have an energy efficiency rated Level 
I, power transformers are rated Level II, and the cooling towers 
are energy-saving and water-saving products, while various 
water pumps and lighting fixtures are also energy-efficient.
All process equipment in the plant is industry-leading and from 
well-known domestic and international brands, featuring a high 
degree of automation. The Group employs smart management 
and regular maintenance to ensure that specialized equipment 
operates with high efficiency, consumes relatively low energy, 
and has minimal environmental impact.
Raw Material Procurement
The plant has established a supply chain management system 
to effectively manage supplier performance through initial 
certification and regular evaluation. Based on this, suppliers 
are graded and segmented, allowing for targeted cooperation 
and development of strategies. This continuous optimization 
of supplier resources ensures a healthy, stable, and efficient 
supply chain, enhancing the overall competitiveness of the 
supply chain.
The Group require suppliers to establish a CSR management 
system with reference to internationally recognized CSR 
standards such as ISO 14001/ISO 45001/IPC 1401 and pass it 
on to lower-level suppliers. This supplier CSR audit tool applies 
to all suppliers and subcontractors that directly or indirectly 
provide products or services to the Company, including its 
sub-suppliers, clarifying quality requirements and acceptance 
criteria for procurement of products.
Procurement information provided by the Group to suppliers 
includes environmental requirements on the use of hazardous 
substances, use of recyclable materials and energy efficiency. 
The Group has also worked with European customer to select 
the use of the per-and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) free 
raw materials to build up our automotive display modules 
products.
供應商管理
Supplier Management Process
Supplier
Selection
Performance
evaluation
and
classi/f_ication
Cooperation
and
cultivation
Potential
Suppliers
Supplier
Certiﬁcation
Supplier
Withdrawal
Supplier
management
Supplier
management

===== PAGE 51 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 49
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Use of Resources
As a manufacturing company, electricity and water are the 
resources most used during the course of operations. The 
management of the Group recognises the significance of energy 
conservation, and ongoing measures are in place to reduce 
the use of natural resources. The Group regularly reviews ways 
for the efficient use of resources and develops improvement 
plans, with the aim of further reducing consumption of 
these resources while maintaining effective operation of the 
production plant.
For Heyuan, according to the change of production orders, 
the utilities supply is adjusted for the energy saving; eliminate 
energy-consuming equipment and replace it with more energy-
saving equipment; add 243 new electric energy meters to 
monitor the power consumption in various regions, implement 
an electronic power management system, and strengthen 
energy management. Annual energy saved is 3,553,000 kWh 
and water consumption decreased by 3.19% in 2024 compared 
to 2023.
We are committed to developing green electricity resources to 
effectively reduce carbon emissions. In 2023, Heyuan plant’s 
distributed photovoltaic power generation and container-type 
electrochemical energy storage power stations (peak shaving 
and valley filling + new energy consumption) on the roof of the 
plant, is with a building area of 5,150 m
2 and a land area of 5,150 
m2. The total designed photovoltaic power generation capacity 
is 544.5 kWh, the total energy storage capacity is 7.456 mWh, 
the annual power generation is expected to be about 559 mWh 
and annual emission reduction is 324.8 tCO
2e. The investment 
in the project is RMB16.74 million. It effectively responds to 
the national policy of promoting carbon neutrality and carbon 
peaking, and also provides the Group with clean and pollution-
free green energy. Total power generation in 2024 is: 606 mWh, 
reducing emissions by 346 tCO
2e, achieving the original target.
Chengdu plant takes full advantage of local electricity trading 
policies, purchasing a total of 26.17 million kWh of green 
electricity and hydropower, with the proportion of renewable 
energy usage reaching 64.6%.
In addition, Chengdu plant has invested in a distributed 
photovoltaic power generation project with an installed capacity 
of 1.992MW through an energy management contract (EPC) 
model. Photovoltaic facilities are onstructed on the rooftops of 
the plant’s module building, the comprehensive power station, 
and the executive parking lot. The project officially started 
construction in December 2024, and completes construction 
and acceptance in March 2025. Once operational, the project is 
expected to generate an average of 1.5 million kWh of electricity 
annually, further increasing the plant’s use of renewable 
energy.
Construction site of distributed photovoltaic power generation project in Chengdu plant

===== PAGE 52 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited50
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Below is a table outlining the energy consumption, water utilisation and packaging material used by the Group during the reporting 
period, as compared with the data recorded in the last 2 financial years.
Energy Consumption, Water Utilisation and Packaging Material Used
Hong Kong Office Heyuan Plant Chengdu Plant
2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023
Total 
tonnes
Tonnes/
Revenue 
(HK$1,000
 million)
Total
 tonnes
Tonnes/
Revenue 
(HK$1,000 
million)
Total 
tonnes
Tonnes/
Revenue 
(HK$1,000 
million)
Total 
tonnes
Tonnes/
Revenue 
(HK$1,000 
million)
Total 
tonnes
Tonnes/
Revenue 
(HK$1,000 
million)
Total 
tonnes
Tonnes/
Revenue
 (HK$1,000
 million)
Electricity (kWh) 178,578 13,278 177,674 16,512 102,187,812 7,598,171 95,570,532 8,882,020 39,232,844 2,917,157 31,801,294 2,955,511
Water (Tonne) 99 7 116 11 1,190,541 88,523 1,229,765 114,290 180,566 13,426 176,352 16,390
Carton boxes (Tonne) – – – – 1,466 109 1,628 151 475 35 400* 37
Polyfoam trays (Tonne) – – – – 2,499 186 1,874 174 1,915 142 1,765* 164
Note*: Data updated.
In 2024, the quantities of carton boxes and polyfoam trays used 
for product storage and transportation in Heyuan were 1,466 
tonnes and 2,499 tonnes respectively. There is a decrease of 
9.95% and an increase 33.35% respectively as compared with 
2023 and 2024 as the product structure is migrating from PSV 
to TFT and the usage of carton boxes in TFT product is less than 
those in PSV; and both the volume of shipment and the sizes 
of product increase which need more trays to contain same 
amount of product compared to the past.
In 2024, the quantities of carton boxes and polyfoam trays used 
for product storage and transportation in Chengdu were 475 
tonnes and 1,915 tonnes respectively. There is an increase of 
18.75% and 8.50% respectively as compared with 2023 and 
2024.
The Group strives to minimise any impact on the environment 
and save material costs by continuously reviewing the design 
for product packaging, with the aim of reducing packaging 
size. To further improve operational efficiency and reduce 
environmental impact, we have implemented a packaging 
optimization plan, including: (1) determining cost reduction 
targets; (2) optimizing logistics costs by adjusting transportation 
methods (such as palletized transportation); (3) optimizing 
processes and improving packaging materials; (4) evaluating the 
feasibility of cost reduction for raw materials (such as pallets) 
and promoting dualization of packaging materials to reduce 
resource waste; and (5) optimizing processes and exploring 
room for improvement in processes. It not only helps reduce 
operating costs, but also reduces resource consumption, 
further promoting the Group’s sustainable development goals. 
Despite this, as the Group’s products are glass LCD panels or 
modules, they must be protected with polyfoam trays during 
delivery and so the use of polyfoam trays is unavoidable.

===== PAGE 53 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 51
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Measures to Reduce Energy Consumption and 
Water Utilisation
The Group has implemented a number of facility enhancements, 
including but not limited to improve energy efficiency, water 
conservation and indoor environmental quality of the plant and 
optimise interaction with the local microclimate.
For Heyuan, it includes: to replace old equipment with large 
energy consumption into new equipment with variable 
frequency control and low energy consumption, such as old-
fashioned central vacuum pumps and old-fashioned air-
conditioning chillers with Level I energy-consuming chillers, 
which can reduce electricity consumption by approximately 
3,553,000 kWh each year; long-term use of wastewater from 
the production process was collected and reused in the toilet 
flushing system, thus the amount of tap water is reduced; the 
transformation of the water loop treatment system at Heyuan 
plant which was used to treat the waste water, recycling, 
and integrate production processes and reduced the annual 
discharge of 39,244 tonnes of water utilization.
For Chengdu: to conserve water resources and minimize the 
impact on aquatic ecosystems, Chengdu plant operates two 
sets of wastewater recycling systems, one air conditioning 
condensate recovery system, and one compressor condensate 
recovery system. In 2024, the plant’s water recycling systems 
functioned effectively, the water saving effect is very significant, 
totaled 166,064 m³, of which 12,076 m³ was from condensate 
water, 54,350 m³ was from concentrated water, and 99,638 
m³ was from cleaning wastewater, with an average daily 
water saving of 454m³. The utilization rate of unconventional 
water resources reached 44.28%, an increase of 23% from 
2023. Chengdu plant uses a water-saving cooling tower and a 
closed-loop cooling water system, which effectively improves 
the efficiency of water resource utilization. In 2024, the water 
resource reuse rate reached 97.51%, far higher than the 
industry standard requirement of ≥90%.
2024 Energy Saving Project of Heyuan Plant
Item Execution 
time
Particular Energy saved 
(kWh/Year 2024)
1 New purchase 
2 Level I energy 
consumption chillers
May 2024 Due to the expansion of the new workshop, 2 new Level I 
energy consumption chillers were purchased
443,520
     
2 Workshop 
Integration
October 
2024
The post-process section of Heyuan N2 is integrated into the 
post-process section of Heyuan N1 to facilitate energy waste 
caused by reduced production capacity.
2,208,000
     
3 Replace 1 SCB18 
2500KVA dry-type 
transformer, Level I 
energy consumption
December 
2024
The original is a SCB9 2500KVA dry-type transformer, which is 
below Level 3.
38,368.8
     
4 Install intelligent 
cloud control system 
for compressors
December 
2024
A cloud control system is installed on compressors of the 
power room to reduce energy waste caused by reducing 
energy use in the workshop during the night shift.
864,000
Total power: 3,553,888.8 kWh
Reduced CO2e missions: 2,026.78 tCO2e

===== PAGE 54 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited52
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
2024 Energy Saving Project of Chengdu Plant
Item Execution 
time
Particular Energy saved 
(kWh/Year 2024)
1 Fresh air filter 
unit deep speed 
reduction to save 
energy
January 
2024
Fulfilling the cleanliness requirements, the Fan Filter Unit (FFU) 
in the module clean room runs at a reduced speed to save 
electricity.
1,501,199
     
2 Lighting control and 
power saving in the 
Make-up Air Unit 
(MAU) room
January 
2024
The MAU room turned off 71 lights and reduced the lighting 
in the MAU room while ensuring the safety of meter reading 
and inspection.
564
     
3 Turn off Anisotropic 
Conductive Film 
(ACF) back support 
heating to save 
energy
April 2024 Without affecting the process, the ACF backing platform 
heating function of some small and medium-sized FOB 
equipment was turned off to save the power consumed by 
the original heating.
31,536
     
4 Optimization of 
control mode of ion 
blower for process 
equipment
May 2024 Through logic program improvement, energy-saving control is 
implemented for 263 ion blowers of process equipment in the 
module workshop production line.
476,543
     
5 Optimization of 
control mode of 
lighting fixtures for 
process equipment
May 2024 Optimize the control logic of 602 lighting fixtures in the 
process equipment, automatically turn off the lights in 
time according to the equipment switch status, and save 
electricity.
23,453
     
6 Temperature control 
optimization and 
energy saving of data 
center
June 2024 To meet the safe use conditions of computer integrated 
manufacturing (CIM) equipment, the temperature control 
standard is adjusted to 23±2
OC to reduce the precision air 
conditioning load.
4,158
     
7 Lean management of 
MAU air-conditioning 
mode
July 2024 In summer, by adjusting MAU air mode to the dew-point 
air mode, the power system operating state undergoes 3 
adjustments: (1) the air compressor heat recovery water 
pump is disabled to save electricity; (2) the air compressor 
cooling water pump operates at a reduced frequency to save 
electricity; (3) the low-temperature system’s cooling capacity 
is partially recovered to the medium-temperature system 
through the reheat plate, reducing the load on the refrigerator 
and saving electricity.
102,700
     
8 Tray cleaning 
machine compressed 
air flow control
October 
2024
Fulfilling the progress requirements, adjust the opening 
of the air knife compressed air pipeline valve of the Tray 
cleaning machine and reduce the flow rate by 50%, saving 
compressed air and electricity.
15,748
     
9 Optimization of hot 
water boiler start-
stop mode
April 2024 Install an outdoor dew point detector to transmit data to the 
control system in real time, and reasonably set alarm values   
based on historical operating trends to accurately quantify 
boiler start-stop signals and shorten boiler operation time. 
11,370 m
3 natural gas can be saved in one year.
Natural gas
11,370 m3
Total power:
Total natural gas:
2,155,901 kWh
11,370 m3
Reduced CO2 emissions: 1,181.46 tCO2e

===== PAGE 55 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 53
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Earth Hour, 23 March 2024
In line with our commitment to environmental sustainability, 
the Company and its employees actively participated in Earth 
Hour on 23 March 2024. By joining millions of individuals and 
organizations worldwide in turning off non-essential lights for 
one hour, the Company demonstrated its dedication to reducing 
energy consumption and promoting environmental awareness.
Hong Kong Green Day 2024
The Company aims to foster collective responsibility and 
encourage employee engagement in environmental initiatives. 
Employees of the Company were encouraged to show support 
to the Hong Kong Green Day on 5 June 2024 by wearing 
green attire. At the same time, the Company also encourages 
employees to practice green living in the four aspects of 
“clothing, food, housing, and transportation” and provides 
opportunities to actively participate in sustainable practices.
World Earth Day — 22 April 2024 and World Environment Day — 5 
June 2024
World Earth Day is held on 22 April each year with the purpose of raising public awareness 
of environmental protection and mobilizing the public to participate in environmental 
protection movements. Through a green and low-carbon lifestyle, the overall environment 
of the earth can be improved. In 2024, the theme of the 55th World Earth Day is “Planet vs. 
Plastics”.
In June 2024, Chengdu plant held an 2024 Environmental Protection Ideas Collection Event. 
The event encourages employees to contribute innovative ideas related to environmental 
sustainability to help the Group enhance its environmental practices, fostering a culture of 
environmental consciousness and responsibility.


===== PAGE 56 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited54
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Others
Chengdu plant actively carries out 
green and low-carbon publicity and 
education
Every year, Chengdu plant carries out energy 
conservation, low carbon and environmental 
protection publicity activities on World Water 
Day on 22 March, Environment Day on 5 June, 
and National Energy Conservation and Low 
Carbon Publicity Week. It uses posters, banners, 
television, radio, internal corporate WeChat 
accounts and other channels to carry out energy 
conservation, low carbon and environmental 
protection publicity, cultivate employees’ energy 
conservation and low carbon awareness, and 
create an energy conservation and low carbon 
culture.

===== PAGE 57 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 55
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Chengdu plant energy-saving and low-carbon publicity photos (partial)
Canteen TV plays the promotional video of China Water Week
Canteen water conservation poster
Internal publicity platform pushes 
China Water Week promotional posters

===== PAGE 58 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited56
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
and strict requirements across various indicators including 
infrastructure, management systems, energy input, 
environmental emissions, and passed the self-evaluation 
and rigorous selection and publicity of the local government, 
and earned the title of “Sichuan Province Green Factory”. By 
2025, we will strive to create a “National Green Factory” and a 
“Chengdu Near-Zero Carbon Emission Industrial Enterprise.”
Chengdu plant actively uses energy-saving and 
carbon-reduction technologies
As the production capacity of Chengdu plant will continue to 
increase, the indirect greenhouse gas emissions caused by 
electricity consumption will also increase. We will continue 
to reduce the intensity of greenhouse gas emissions by 
establishing and improving carbon management systems, 
energy conservation, improving production efficiency, using 
green electricity and other measures, strive to control the rate 
of increase in greenhouse gas emissions and achieve carbon 
peak as soon as possible. By 2025, we will purchase at least 
12 million kWh of green electricity to replace conventional 
electricity, which is expected to reduce greenhouse gas 
emissions by 6,439 tonnes of CO
2e.
Chengdu plant employed green building design during 
the design phase, passed the building green design grade 
review, and received completion acceptance from the local 
government. In 2024, Chengdu plant met high standards 
Areas Actions Taken
Governance:
Governance measures to 
address climate-related 
risks and opportunities
Board’s Oversight and Management’s Role
 the Board plays a central role in climate governance. The ESG risk management provides  
support and oversees the climate-related issues and report the Board regularly.
 to formulate a climate change policy, guide our management approach to climate-related  
issues, and provide support and coordination for ESG issues.
  
Strategy:
Impacts of climate-
related risks and 
opportunities on the 
Group’s businesses, 
strategies, and financial 
planning
Climate-related Risks and Opportunities
 the risks of extreme weather and earthquake caused by climate change as these can damage 
our plants and facilities. In the long term, prolonged extremely hot weather also poses health 
risks to workers.
 transitional risks, such as changing policies, potential increment in energy costs, and the need 
for green materials.
 an opportunity in the transition to a low-carbon economy, such as reduction in operating costs 
due to higher energy usage efficiency facilitated by technology advancement.
  
Risk Management:
The process of 
identifying, assessing 
and managing relevant 
climate-related risks
Climate Risk Assessment
 to assess the physical and transitional risks climate change may bring to the operation, and  
incorporate them into the sustainability strategy. Risk management and internal control system 
should consider ESG and climate-related issues.
  


===== PAGE 59 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 57
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Environmental Education
The Hong Kong headquarters and Heyuan production plant continue to adhere to the concept 
of “Green Office” as the theme in 2024. In the same year, the Hong Kong office participated 
in the “ESG Pledge” Scheme organized by The Chinese Manufacturers’ Association of Hong 
Kong and co-operated with Hong Kong Brand Development Council. The Scheme is aim at 
strengthening the concern of sustainable development. It encourages the business and public 
sectors to sign the pledge and implement the action plans to improve the ESG (Environmental, 
Social and Governance) performance, thus building a sustainable environment in future.
In recent years, in the “low-carbon” and green and low-carbon transformation of paper, 
electronic documents are used to reduce the use of paper, which can achieve real-time 
information replacement, fast time, high accuracy, and save maintenance costs. The 
electronic signature management system meets the data display requirements, reduces 
traditional paper, and is green and efficient. We advocate paperless office and checking before 
printing to avoid wasting paper; we also set double-sided printing and copying as the default, 
using both sides of the paper to reduce paper waste.
In the Hong Kong office, the consumption level of electricity is announced on a monthly basis, in order to enhance the awareness 
of energy saving among colleagues.
To enhance our climate-related disclosures, we consider 
following recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-
Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), focusing on “Governance”, 
“Strategy”, “Risk Management” and “Metrics and Targets”.
We have set clear targets for carbon emissions, energy 
consumption, consumption of water resource and waste
as well as targets on green buildings.
The Group undertakes to achieve
“carbon neutrality” by 2050.
We monitor the use of energy and resources,
and performance in carbon emissions of the Group 
semi-annually and disclose the data on a yearly basis.
Carbon Emissions / 
Energy Consumption
Waste Water Resources
Heyuan: To reduce carbon emissions/ 
energy consumption intensity by 70% by 
2025 (compared with the base year of 
2018).
Chengdu: Compared with the base year 
2023, carbon emissions within its own 
operations will reach a peak by 2028, 
drop by 30% and 50% by 2030 and 2035 
respectively, and achieve carbon 
neutrality in its own operations by 2045. 
Through energy transformation, the 
proportion of renewable energy use will 
increase year by year, and 100% 
renewable energy use will be achieved 
and maintained by 2030.
Heyuan: To reduce hazardous solid 
waste and non-hazardous solid waste 
intensities by at least 70% by 2025 
(compared with the base year of 2018).
Chengdu: Decrease the intensity of 
solid waste generation by over 10% by 
2028 compared to 2024 levels.
Heyuan: To reduce water consumption 
intensity by 80% by 2025 (compared 
with the base year of 2018).
Chengdu: By implementing water-saving 
measures such as wastewater reuse and 
recycling, reduce water intensity by 15% 
by 2028 compared to 2023.
Metrics
and Target
Metrics
and Target


===== PAGE 60 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited58
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
SOCIAL
EMPLOYMENT
The Group strictly observes the labour law in Hong Kong and 
the PRC. It is the policy of the Company to maintain a working 
environment that complies with the Race Discrimination 
Ordinance, Sex Discrimination Ordinance, Disability 
Discrimination Ordinance and the Family Status Discrimination 
Ordinance of the Ordinance and Code of Practice.
Diversity has been considered from a number of measurable 
aspects including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and 
educational background, ethnicity and disability. We make 
reasonable workplace adjustments (including during the hiring 
process) to ensure all individuals feel supported and are able 
to participate fully and reach their potential. If employees are 
disabled, we proactively seek to support them with appropriate 
training and workplace adjustments where possible and explore 
every opportunity to ensure their employment continues. 
During the year, we have employed 56 disabled employees. The 
Group provides remuneration, welfare and fringe benefits to 
employees comparable to the market standard. Remuneration, 
salary and bonus distribution are determined with reference to 
a performance-linked scale. When it comes to annual reviews, 
factors such as the Group’s financial performance, business 
prospects, individual performance, market rates and inflation 
rate are taken into consideration to decide the rate and scale.
In 2024, the turnover rates for Hong Kong, the PRC and 
Overseas staff were 8.1%, 14.7% and 7.8% respectively.
During the year, there was no significant reported case of non-
compliance with the relevant laws and regulations in Hong 
Kong, the PRC and Overseas.
HEALTH AND SAFETY
The Group’s policy on health and safety is to comply fully 
with local government regulations, as stipulated in the law of 
prevention of occupational disease 《中華人民共和國職業病
防治》and fire prevention in the PRC 《中華人民共和國消防
法》, and to maintain a healthy and safe working environment 
for all employees, including the plant and systems of work, 
and to provide such information, instruction, training and 
supervision as they need. The production plant in Heyuan and 
Chengdu has successfully renewed its ISO45001:2018 with 
Health and Safety accreditation. The accreditation test includes 
(but are not limited to) canteens and fire smoke (nitrogen 
oxides, sulphur dioxide, smoke and etc.), drinking water and 
workplace air (benzene, toluene, xylene, methylene chloride, 
dust, formaldehyde, isopropanol, n-hexane and etc.) and noise. 
According to the “Environmental Noise Emission Standard 
at the Boundary of Industrial Enterprises” (GB12348-2008), 
the measured value of the environmental noise at the plant 
boundary reaches the standard.
For the past 3 years, including 2024, there is no work-related 
fatality in the Group and no injury case was reported among 
Hong Kong employees. The factory recorded 30 (2023: 20) 
injury cases with 564 (2023: 569) lost days due to work injuries. 
Every injury case underwent a detailed review and evaluation, 
with precautionary measures put in place to avoid a repeat 
occurrence. Extra training was conducted with the parties 
involved.
The Group understands that natural disasters and accidents 
are unavoidable, and our management aims to mitigate any 
damage during mishaps. An emergency and fire drill, and fire 
precautionary training are conducted once a year in the Hong 
Kong office and twice a year at the production plant. First-
aid training is provided to staff and workers. Training in safe 
handling of chemicals is also conducted for related workers 
on the production floors. In the production plant, a patrolling 
team is responsible for carrying out audits regarding workplace 
efficiency, effectiveness, and safety measure.

===== PAGE 61 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 59
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Strengthen safety awareness, pay attention on the work and rest balance, and put physical health and production safety first. On-
site management has been strengthened to ensure that various safety measures are effectively implemented and that all work is 
carried out in an orderly manner under the premise of “preventing high temperatures and ensuring safety.”
Prevent heatstroke and cool down, ensure stable operation
Safety Month Activities — Safety Knowledge Contest


===== PAGE 62 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited60
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Fire control room open day
Power outage and evacuation drill

===== PAGE 63 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 61
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Workforce and Turnover Rate
2024 2023
Age
Overall 
Ratio Hong Kong PRC Overseas Hong Kong PRC Overseas
Male
18–45 45.37% 47 3,284 23 45 3,176 27
46–65 3.06% 40 169 17 39 172 15
Turnover rate 2.2% 17.5% 9.1% 7.7% 15.2% 0%
Total male ratio 48.43%
Female
18–45 44.60% 21 3,262 15 26 3,136 11
46–65 6.97% 16 495 4 12 521 3
Turnover rate 19.6% 12.0% 5.0% 25.5% 14.5% 17.6%
Total female ratio 51.57%
Total ratio 100%
Employment Type
Staff 25.92% 124 1,733 59 122 1,362 56
Workers 74.08% 0 5,477 0 0 5,643 0
Total ratio 100%
Full-time 99.99% 123 7,210 59 121 7,005 56
Part-time 0.01% 1 0 0 1 0 0
Total ratio 100%
Development and Training
2024 2023
Total
Training 
Hours
Total 
Participants
Total 
Headcounts
Average 
Training 
Hours per 
Staff
Member
Total 
Training 
Hours
Total 
Participants
Total 
Headcounts
Average 
Training 
Hours per 
Staff
Member
HK Staff
Male 1,926 184 82 23.5 808 88 54 15.0
Female 696 68 30 23.2 453 56 29 15.6
PRC Staff
Male 13,984 4,008 712 19.6 4,200 1,408 387 10.9
Female 7,879 4,497 387 20.4 4,429 1,561 355 12.5
PRC Workers
Male 70,783 11,060 3,575 19.8 5,638 1,844 1,287 4.4
Female 42,000 10,972 3,901 10.8 16,892 7,046 3,644 4.6
Total
Male 86,693 15,251 4,369 19.8 10,645 3,340 1,728 6.2
Female 50,575 15,536 4,318 11.7 21,773 8,663 4,028 5.4

===== PAGE 64 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited62
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
DEVELOPMENT AND TRAINING
The Group values its employees and is committed to providing an ideal 
workplace in which its staff members may grow and develop. At the same 
time, the Group promotes a staff engagement culture and aims to build 
an innovative, energetic and highly motivated workforce to meet with 
accelerating business development.
The Group’s policy is to ensure that all employees achieve personal growth 
in their careers, and training is therefore encouraged. This is usually held 
during working hours, so that employees need not sacrifice personal time 
for training. A flexible work pattern may be scheduled for Hong Kong staff 
members working in the production plant if they need to pursue further studies.
All new employees are required to undergo orientation training organised by the Human Resources department to better 
comprehend the Group’s core values, business goals, as well as code of conduct.
Training covers a wide range of topics including operational skills, craftsmanship, display technology, quality standards, 
environmental matters, health and safety and soft management skills. Senior managerial staff members are usually invited to be 
technical instructors. External coaches are employed for specific trainings on soft management skills.
In the same year, the Group also provided a training on fraud and anti-corruption for directors and employees to discourage any 
form of corruption. The training content included the impact of fraud on a company, fraud prevention and reporting, and related 
regulations and case studies. Participants included the directors and staff from Hong Kong, Heyuan and Chengdu. The relevant 
training materials are circulated in the Company’s public domain, so that the remaining staff could participate by reading the 
training materials to gain knowledge and updates of anti-corruption.
Training Topics Total Training Hours
Professional development 38,928
Legislative training 424
Orientation training 22,860
Industry knowledge training 12,407
Sustainability and ESG development 3,726
Safety training 57,441
Other trainings 1,482
Total 137,268
2024 Work Seminar


===== PAGE 65 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 63
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
2024 Campus Recruitment — COO and General Manager Workplace Salon
As an outstanding talent of BOEVx, ask more, see more, think more,  
realize your own value, and have the courage to take on responsibilities.
2024 Financial Conference
Finance from Hong Kong, Heyuan, Chengdu, Huizhou, Hefei and Shenzhen gathered in Heyuan to hold the 2024 
Financial Annual Conference, aiming to build consensus through in-depth exchanges and sharing, and work 
together to cope with the future. Through in-depth understanding on the front line of the business, and in 
cooperation with the second entrepreneurial venture, the goal of 2027 is achieved.
The definition of an excellent company includes excellent products, market value comparable to or better than 
peers, stable financial indicators, and excellent management systems. BOEVx will continue to work hard, and the 
industry-financial linkage will help achieve greater achievements in the future.


===== PAGE 66 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited64
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Mini-STP Strategic Thinking Training Camp
The project aims to cultivate a group of strategic talents with a strong ambition to achieve 
success and to lay a solid talent foundation for the Company’s strategic deployments, such 
as overseas market expansion and product and business transformation and upgrading. This 
project selects 30 outstanding young high-potential strategic personnel to participate in the 
training. They are young, have outstanding performance, high development potential, have a 
certain length of service and rich professional experience.
Training

===== PAGE 67 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 65
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
of each issue on different operating locations and the objects 
affected, formulate improvement policies and measures, conduct 
risk control and remediation, and track improvement results.
To enable employees to understand their own rights and 
interests through training courses, as well as the Group’s 
introduction of relevant courses on issues such as labour, 
human rights, health and safety, environment and ethics. The 
Group values the opinions and rights of employees, builds 
a diverse communication platform and channels, builds 
consensus among employees, and promotes harmonious 
labour-management relations.
PEOPLE CARING
The Hong Kong headquarters was awarded the “Happiness-at- 
work Promotional Scheme” logo sponsored by the Hong Kong 
Enhancement Happiness Index Fund for 11th year in 2024. The 
Company has been committed to promoting and creating a 
pleasant working environment. Building a “Happy Workplace” 
can help motivate employees’ morale. The ultimate goal of 
achieving people and things.
The Group arranges annual heath check for its employees in 
Hong Kong and the PRC. We also encourage work-life balance, 
and interest classes such as yoga, aerobics, and dancing were 
organised to encourage healthy living, and attracted many 
colleagues to join, which enhanced the cohesion of the Group, 
and strengthened the physical and mental development of 
employees.
OPEN COMMUNICATION
The Group sees the importance of fostering a culture of 
open communication, transparency, and collaboration of its 
employees. Core businesses undertake employee engagement 
activities regularly to collect feedback and identify areas for 
improvement. Employee Satisfaction Surveys are conducted 
annually to hear the voices of staff. These interactions help 
gauge overall employee sentiment and alignment with the core 
values of the Group.
SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT
The Group takes a collaborative approach to supply chain 
sustainability management, as it views its suppliers as part of 
an interdependent ecosystem.
The Company bases on customer requirements and relevant 
guidelines to formulate a CSR (Social Responsibility) agreement, 
Supplier Social Responsibility Commitment Letter and RBA 
Supplier Self-Assessment Form which are signed by most of our 
suppliers. We require suppliers to establish a CSR management 
system with reference to internationally recognized CSR 
standards such as ISO 14001/ISO 45001/IPC 1401 and pass it 
on to lower-level suppliers. This supplier CSR audit tool applies 
to all suppliers and subcontractors that directly or indirectly 
provide products or services to the Company, including its sub-
suppliers.
LABOUR STANDARDS
The Group complies with and observes the respective 
Labour Laws and Regulations in its operating countries. As 
a responsible employer, the following principles are strictly 
enforced:
 No child labour
 Ensure that wages comply with or exceed the minimum  
legal requirements of the country where employees are 
based
 Overtime practice is based on a voluntary pattern, no  
forced labour is allowed
 Respect for the opinions of general employees and the  
labour union
 Formal complaint channels are established and are  
regularly promoted to employees
 Equal employment opportunities — employment of  
disadvantaged employees and diversity and inclusion are 
encouraged in the workplace
 Harassment and abuse — these are actively discouraged 
in any form, to or among all employees
 Protection of privacy and personal data at work
All potential applicants are required to complete the Company’s 
Employment Application Form, where personal data such as, 
names, contact details, ID numbers, etc. will be provided by the 
applicants. Human Resources Department will then reference 
check the ID cards to ensure that they meet the minimum age 
standard, i.e. 18 years old or above. If the Group observes any 
serious violation of the company system by employee, it is 
entitled to terminate their employment relations.
LABOUR MANAGEMENT
Based on people orientated approach, the Group promotes 
respect, equality, and inclusiveness to build a friendly workplace 
and environment. Formulating human rights policy, promoting 
employee relationship management, and fulfilling labour rights 
protection. Maintain labour human rights, respect labour 
rights, fulfil social responsibility commitments, and support and 
encourage suppliers to follow the same guidelines. Provide 
education and training, multiple communication platforms and 
channels, self-assessment questionnaires, and stakeholders 
can file complaints via telephone and email.
Identify labour/human rights incidents within and outside the 
Group and changes in relevant domestic and international 
regulations, establish a confirmation list, and conduct due 
diligence at each location through systematic procedures such 
as self-assessment, audit procedures, and questionnaires to 
identify major issues. According to the extent of the impact 

===== PAGE 68 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited66
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Key rules:
 Ensure supplier diversity and not over-reliance on a single 
supplier.
 Strengthen long-term cooperative relationships with  
major suppliers and improve the stability and contrast of 
the supply chain.
 Strengthen information connectivity and risk monitoring  
of the supply chain.
 Increase social responsibility requirements and audits for 
suppliers.
In 2024, the Group took the initiative to evaluate its suppliers’ 
social responsibility performance. Both material suppliers 
and logistics service vendors were included in an evaluation 
distribution list. Completed questionnaires helped the Group to 
understand and evaluate the performance of its suppliers and 
vendors in the aspects of:
 Work hours
 Child labour
 Forced labour
 Health and safety
 Environmental concerns
 Corporate social responsibility

===== PAGE 69 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 67
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
SELECTION AND EVALUATION OF 
SUPPLIERS
The Group selects suppliers and purchases materials and/or 
services from suppliers and vendors using 3 methods, namely, 
price comparison, bidding and sentinel procurement. Audits of 
suppliers and vendors are performed on a regular basis. Results 
are compiled for review by the Supplier Quality Team and are 
approved by the department head of Quality.
Criteria for audit include:
 General operation and workforce condition
 capability for semi and/or fully automation
 financial analysis
 nature of business
 Quality qualification
 Quality system training
 Inspection procedures for quality systems
 Handling procedures for customer complaints
 Calibration
 Material suppliers control and handling procedures
 Production process control and inspection
 Past performance record
SERVICE VENDORS
The Logistics Department screens and selects service vendors 
by considering of the following factors:
 Company background — financial stability, reputation and  
global network
 Pricing, competitiveness and future new technology  
development
 Services — performance track record, efficiency and  
customer service
 Environmental performance — for instance, most of  
vendors use trucks compliant with Euro standards
Table of Distribution and Response Status
Number
Percentage 
(%)
Total No. of major suppliers for 
manufacturing operations 100 –
Total No. of major suppliers 
questionnaires sent 100 100
Total No. of completed 
questionnaires returned 88 88
Table of Results
Rating Number
Percentage 
(%)
Outstanding 63 71.6
Above Average 20 22.7
Average 5 5.7
Need Improvement 0 0
Below Standard 0 0
Total 88 100
DISTRIBUTION OF SUPPLIERS
Suppliers are divided into material suppliers and logistics 
service vendors, and machinery makers. Certain material 
suppliers are requested to sign a declaration declaring that 
their packing material and Bill of Material (BOM) contains no 
hazardous substance. There was no reported case of violation 
of the declaration by any of our suppliers in the reporting 
period.
Suppliers by Geographical Region
PRC Asia Europe
United 
States
Material Suppliers 297 35 10 7
Logistics Service 
Vendors 2 5 5 2

===== PAGE 70 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited68
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
In view of the increasing environmental concerns in society, the 
Group is aware of the importance in managing environmental 
and social risks of its supply chain. The Group has embedded 
environmental and social consideration in the procurement 
process and supplier communication. Supplier’s environmental, 
social and governance policies, including emissions, use of 
resources, environmental and natural resources, health and 
safety, staff development and training, the prevention of child 
labour, product responsibility and anti-corruption would be 
measured. The Group will continue to monitor its supply chain 
regarding the environmental and social standards.
We have also formulated policies and procedures to ensure that 
the suppliers could compete in a transparent and fair way. The 
Group should not have differentiated or discriminate treatment 
on certain suppliers. The procedures include measures to 
prevent all kinds of business bribery and conflict of interest 
such as the avoidance of employees’ personal interest directly 
or indirectly in or given by the suppliers.
MACHINERY MAKERS
The Logistics Department screens and selects machinery 
makers by considering of the following factors:
 Company background — financial stability, reputation and  
global network
 Pricing, competitiveness and future new technology  
development
 Past track record
 Response time and customer servicing
ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RISKS 
OF SUPPLY CHAIN
The Group had established and strictly observing the guidelines 
and procedures as accordance to Group’s policy. Essentially, 
we adhered to high ethical standards and fair competition 
practises during our procurement processes. We performed 
annual performance evaluation for supplier to ensure they 
continuous delivering the quality services
Up to
standard?
NO
YES
Entering into
framework
agreements or
procurement
contracts
Determining
purchase prices
Selecting suppliers
Procurement plans
Purchase
requisitions
Demand plans
Accounting control
Payment
To Warehouse Get invoice
Managing
supply
process
Conducting
acceptance Returns
Handling 
claims
Post-purchase Evaluation

===== PAGE 71 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 69
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
As one of major automotive component suppliers, the Group 
takes responsibility for providing customers with quality and 
completed after-sale services. Such responsibility covers 
8-discipline reporting (8D), customer complaint review meeting 
(CCR) and 6 sigma improvement plan (6 sigma). With 8D 
approach, the negative impact from defects is quickly limited 
by containment action (which is mostly defined in 48 hours). 
With weekly CCR, “cause and action” will be fully consolidated 
across departments like Production, Process and Design. 
Furthermore, to achieve reject rate in PPM (parts per million) 
level, 6 sigma is carried out yearly with the involvement of the 
senior management.
The Group’s prime objective is to provide high quality products 
that fully conform to their requirements and specifications. 
This commitment is fundamental to all work undertaken and 
is closely observed by all members of the Group in their daily 
activities. All products must strictly comply with the Group’s 
policy of operating Quality Management System that fully meets 
the requirements of ISO 9001 and IATF 16949 for automotive 
products and customer requirements for supplementary 
standards. This standard stipulates all processes from product 
development to completion of production and to after-
sale services. In addition, Hazardous Substance Process 
Management is in place where procedures and related 
processes have been assessed and confirmed to be compliant 
with QC 080000. Also, we have applied the “Greenhouse 
Gases Emissions verification statement” and “Carbon Footprint 
Assessment certificate”. Heyuan plant and Chengdu plant are 
accredited with ISO 14001, ISO 9001, IATF 16949, QC 080000, 
ISO14064, ISO14067 and ISO 45001 certifications.
The “2485 principle” is the fine tradition of “customer-oriented” 
that the Group has adhered to for many years to give quick 
response to customer issue. After receiving customer enquiry, 
there will have a first response within 2 hours to give an advice 
to customer to isolate the issue. In the next 48 hours, the 
Group gives information to formulate the countermeasures the 
products on the way or products at customer side and give the 
analysis and improvement action to customer within 5 days.
To ensure stringent quality management, the Group’s Incoming 
Quality Control Team screens the incoming materials by 
sampling scheme. Only good quality materials that meet the 
requirements are accepted for the production process. Similarly, 
finished goods go through a stringent quality check before 
being passed to the finished goods warehouse. The Quality 
Department and sales people also provide comprehensive 
service ranging from failure analysis and 8D reporting to 
production and process improvement when handling customer 
enquiries.
CORPORATE PROCUREMENT 
BUSINESS
Procurement business refers to the activities related to 
purchasing materials (or accepting labor services) and making 
payments. It primarily involves tasks such as preparing demand 
plans and procurement plans, creating purchase requisitions, 
selecting suppliers, determining purchase prices, entering into 
framework agreements or procurement contracts, managing 
the supply process, conducting acceptance, handling returns, 
making payments, and accounting control.
For further information regarding the Group’s measures in 
relation to environmental compliance, safety and quality 
control, please refer to the sections headed “Environment”, 
“Health and Safety” and “Product Responsibility”.
PRODUCT RESPONSIBILITY
The Group has no recall on products sold or shipped due to 
safety and health reasons in 2024. There are average 140 cases 
and 128 cases per month of automotive quality enquiries in 
2023 and 2024 respectively.
Safety is always the core of the Group quality policy. To pursue 
such policy, the Group is qualified by International Standard: 
ISO 14001 (Environmental Management Systems), ISO45001 
(Occupational Health and Safety Management System) 
and QC 080000 (Electrical and Electronic Components and 
Products Hazardous substance Process Management System 
Requirements). With these standards, the Group has developed 
an intensive system, to ensure no harmful substances 
(dangerous material lists from RoHS/REACH) going into finished 
goods. For environmental protection concern from customer, 
we have also applied the “Greenhouse Gases Emissions 
verification statement” and “Carbon Footprint Assessment 
certificate”. There is no concerned recall in 2024 record.
Automotive Huizhou Co., Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary 
of BOEVx, is accredited with ISO 26262 (Road vehicles — 
Functional safety) certification which demonstrated a functional 
safety management system has been established.
As part of the green energy improvement, our plant had 
invested and built photovoltaic power project, the Group 
has discussed the decarbonization with European customer 
which is a requirement to the Company to reach 100% green 
electricity by 2030. Besides, the Group has also worked 
with European customer to select the use of the per-and 
polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) free raw materials to build up 
our LCD products.

===== PAGE 72 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited70
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
“Quality First, Win By Quality “ has always been the philosophy upheld by the Group. We will continue to improve its quality process, 
strengthen quality data management and drive, comprehensively promote lean management, to ensure the excellent quality of its 
products and services.
process, and operation management and etc., and discussed 
how the CSO customer service team can better cooperate 
with other business departments to further improve customer 
satisfaction. We have established a quality control committee 
to prepare for future resource, mechanism and organization 
planning.
On 29 April 2024, the Group held its 2024 Annual Supplier 
Quality Conference in Chengdu, with the theme “Quality First, 
Shape Future”. As a leading integrated automotive smart 
cockpit display system solution provider, the Group has always 
attached great importance to quality control of its products 
and services. The purpose of this supplier quality conference 
is to further strengthen communication and cooperation with 
suppliers, jointly improve the overall quality level of the Group’s 
products and services, and provide customers with better 
quality products and services.
Automatic Optical Inspection (AOI) and Vision System Test 
(VST) are used by the TFT/TP module department of the 
plant for automatic screen inspection and automatic OTP 
program. Through automatic lighting of products, high-speed 
camera image capture, automatic image analysis, detection 
of product display defects, such as points, lines, dust spots, 
spots, mura, and electrical defects, and automatically product 
test information with product ID upload to MES system. The 
application of AOI and VST in machine vision will bring the cost 
lower than the labor rising cost, adapt to 24-hour uninterrupted 
and repetitive work, and the effect is stable.
The Company regularly offers marketing training and lectures to 
marketers, strengthens the awareness of marketing, improves 
employees’ responsibility awareness continuously, and 
promotes the healthy development of the Company. During the 
year, the Company launches some special training sessions, 
e.g. the head of the CSO customer service center shared the 
organizational structure, functional interpretation, business 


===== PAGE 73 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 71
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Quality Month 2024 — Cross-audit of Heyuan plant and Chengdu plant. Strengthen the quality awareness, continue to improve, and 
strive for excellence
STANDARD APPROVAL FROM THE 
TELEMATICS INDUSTRY APPLICATION 
ALLIANCE (TIAA)
The “Intelligent Cockpit Integrated Display Technical Specification” jointly 
applied by BOE and the Company, has successfully obtained approval for 
establishment from TIAA, an authoritative organization in the domestic 
automotive information industry, making it the first group standard 
established in China for the field of intelligent cockpit integrated displays. 
This standard provides detailed technical requirements for integrated 
displays, regulating various dimensions such as optical performance, 
electrical performance, safety performance, and environmental 
adaptability, while also providing corresponding testing methods. This 
initiative aims to promote the technological advancement, standardization, 
and uniformity of intelligent cockpit integrated displays in terms of quality, 
performance, and safety.
The standard will not only establish clear technical benchmarks for the 
entire industry leading it towards higher quality and standards but also 
highlights the technical strength and industry position of the Group.  


===== PAGE 74 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited72
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
On 27 September 2024, Varitronix (Heyuan), BOE CD and Varitronix (Huizhou) successfully passed multiple rounds of strict 
audits by the BSI expert team and won the TISAX AL2 level label and ISO/IEC 27001 information security management 
system certification and ISO/SAE 21434 automotive cybersecurity management system certification issued by BSI.  
BSI fully recognized the efforts and achievements made by the 3 companies under BOEVx in establishing and 
maintaining a high-standard information security management system. These certifications further demonstrated that 
we have reached a new level in information security management and established Industry model and benchmark.  
The fact that three companies under BOEVx obtained the certificates at the same time indicates that the cooperation between BSI 
and BOEVx has crossed over from the traditional automotive industry quality control system certification field to the more modern 
and higher-level digital trust field. The information security of the three companies, especially the information security and network 
security system management level and risk control level in the automotive field, have met the requirements of the automotive 
industry including German vehicles, and are capable of providing complete solutions for more international brand OEMs. The ability 
to ensure information security and network security is of milestone significance to BOEVx.
Li Auto “Win-Win Cooperation Award”
During the cooperation, BOEVx has always maintained outstanding performance in its various business 
products and delivered them to customers on time and with quality.
Looking ahead, we will continue to strengthen cooperation, continue collaborative innovation, explore 
the infinite possibilities of in-vehicle display and interactive technologies, and provide more advanced, 
safer and more comfortable products and services to global vehicle users. The in-vehicle display and 
interactive experience will jointly shape a new chapter in the global in-vehicle display market and 
empower a new era of intelligent development of the automotive industry.


===== PAGE 75 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 73
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Restar “Outstanding Contribution Award for Quality Improvement”
BOEVx ranked first in Mitsubishi’s supplier quality performance for the year, and the customer 
is very satisfied with the high efficiency on quality service response. Therefore, Restar, on 
behalf of Mitsubishi, presented the Outstanding Contribution Award for Quality Improvement.
Certification
ISO 14001 Environmental Management Systems
ISO14064 Greenhouse Gases Emissions verification  
statement
ISO14067 Carbon Footprint Assessment certificate
ISO 45001 Occupational Health and Safety 
Management System
QC 080000 Electrical and Electronic Components 
and Products Hazardous substance 
Process Management System 
Requirements
ISO 26262 Road vehicles — Functional safety
ISO 9001 Quality Control Systems
IATF 16949 Quality Management System
Quality system optimization
— Focus on customer quality and achieve No. 1 in  
quality performance
— Complete system audit and obtain evidence,  
customer audit pass rate is 100%


===== PAGE 76 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited74
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
BOEVx Principles Quality Policy
Quality First The quality management system of the Group is based on the requirements of ISO 
9001:2015 and IATF 16949:2016, which are applicable to automotive products and their 
related accessories.
 
One Stop Solution Provider
  
Value-oriented Culture The goal of the Group is to provide our customers with high-quality products and services 
that meet contractual requirements, with the highest economic efficiency. The daily 
operations of all our staff must be based on this objective.
 
Pragmaticism, Preciseness, 
Speed, Resoluteness
  
Integrity, Standardization, 
Transparency, Responsibility
Our staff must continuously improve the quality of our products and services, in order to 
drive the Company to become an international leader.
  
SUSTAINABILITY ASSESSMENT 
QUESTIONNAIRE
SAQ (Sustainability Assessment Questionnaire) 5.0 
sustainability assessment effectively promotes the 
compliance of global automotive supply chain verification 
and conducts professional assessments (topics covered 
include corporate management, human rights and working 
conditions, health and safety, business ethics, environment, 
responsible supply chain management and responsible 
raw material procurement), and proposed corresponding 
improvement measures to help companies complete 
corresponding improvements and support measures.
During our assessment of SAQ 5.0, we received favorable 
scores in each category, achieving a satisfactory rating 
that surpasses the average standards of our industry and 
country, thus earning recognition.
Corporate 
Management
Human Rights 
and Working 
Conditions
Health and
Safety
Business 
Ethics
Environment
Responsible 
Supply Chain 
Management
Responsible 
Raw Material 
Procurement
Inquire                Enhance                 Validate             Recom
m
en
d
 

===== PAGE 77 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 75
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Varitronix (Heyuan) Display Technology Ltd., a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of the Company, was recognized as the 2022 
“National Intellectual Property Demonstration Enterprise” 
by the State Intellectual Property Office, becoming the first 
enterprise in Heyuan City to receive this honor, and realized 
Heyuan City’s national intellectual property demonstration 
enterprise zero breakthrough. The Company has established a 
comprehensive intellectual property management system and 
is committed to innovation and improvement, passing the High 
and New Technology Enterprise certification in 2021 and the 
Intellectual Property Standard certificate in 2022. As the key 
laboratory of Guangdong Provincial Vehicle-mounted Intelligent 
Liquid Crystal Display Enterprise, up to now, the Group has 
been granted a total of 89 patents, including 43 patents for 
invention, 45 patents for utility models and 1 design patent, and 
we have been granted 7 China Patent Excellence Awards for 4 
consecutive years.
DATA PROTECTION AND PRIVACY 
POLICIES
In order to gain trust from our stakeholders, the security 
of their personal information is important to us. The Group 
acknowledges the importance in handling the personal 
information carefully.
The Group understands stakeholders use their personal 
information for different purpose. Therefore, it is important 
for us to handle this information with care. To protect this 
information from any unauthorised access, accidental loss and 
destruction, the Group adopts appropriate security measures in 
the transfer and storage of the personal data.
PROTECTION OF 
INTELLECTUAL 
PROPERTY 
RIGHTS
Recognizing that intellectual 
properties are important 
assets to an enterprise, the 
Group has always adhered 
to the concept of respect for 
intellectual property, being 
devoted to implementing 
protection for intellectual properties. The intellectual properties 
as possessed by the Group include but not limited to patents, 
trademarks, designs, copyrights and trade secrets, with 
protection scopes covering products, technologies, designs, 
processes, commercial information, video/audio/graphic 
materials, software and etc. These intellectual properties 
can be maintained and used in various legitimate ways 
such as application for registration, confidentiality measure, 
enforcement, litigation and etc. Suitable administration systems 
for intellectual properties are adopted both internally and 
externally. The Group respects intellectual property rights of 
third parties, particularly those of the cooperating parties of 
the Group, and proactively avoids unauthorized use of relevant 
intellectual properties. Contracts of cooperation projects will 
be reviewed by the involved parties before commencement, 
with security and confidentiality measures taken during the 
process. During the course of cooperation, confidentiality, 
licensing, acquisition and other agreements can be signed with 
mutual respect, for the sake of lawful acquirement and transfer 
of intellectual properties among the different parties, therefore 
achieving mutual benefits.
Collect Store Use Process Transmit Provide Disclose
Information processing


===== PAGE 78 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited76
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Information security and data privacy are a top priority. The 
stability and efficiency of our services depend on critical 
information systems and the secure transmission of data, and 
we are committed to respecting and protecting data privacy 
in all our operations and activities. To that end, we pay close 
attention to potential information security risks, and are diligent 
in our efforts to identify and quickly respond to any conceivable 
security incident or data breach, going to great lengths to 
protect the information entrusted to us by our clients and 
partners.
Business and Personal 
Information Processing
Management Technology Operation
Quality and safety
BOEVx has officially passed the triple stringent certification 
audit of ISO 27001, ISO 21434, and TISAX for its network 
security system. This marks the Company’s globally recognized 
high standards in information security management. It is also 
the Company’s information security policy that has been 
adhered to for many years to ensure information security and 
product network security, comply with laws and regulations, 
and implement risk management. The Company’s products 
fully meet international standards for cybersecurity risks 
throughout the entire life cycle process, including concept, 
development, production, implementation, maintenance and 
decommissioning, and have the ability to provide automotive 
industry customers with cybersecurity capabilities that are in line 
with the industry’s best practices. With the three certificates, 
the Company wins deeply the trust of customers around the 
world.
Clarify the organizational 
structure and responsibilities, 
and formulate internal  
management systems and 
processes
Establish an information 
protection compliance  
system, conduct compliance 
risk assessments, and  
conduct information  
protection impact  
assessments when necessary
Conduct regular safety  
education and training
Adopt security technical 
measures such as encryption 
and de-identification to 
ensure information security
Ensure the integrity of  
information processing  
activity records, including 
collection, storage, usage, 
processing, transmission, 
provision, disclosure,  
deletion, etc.
Establish an information 
security monitoring and 
alert mechanism on real-
time monitoring of abnormal 
conditions during information 
processing, and promptly 
discover and deal with  
potential security threats
Incorporate privacy protection 
requirements into all aspects 
of product design and service 
delivery
Conduct regular compliance 
audits to understand how 
information protection  
compliance obligations are 
implemented and maintained
Establish emergency plans 
to respond and handle  
information leakage security 
incidents in a timely manner

===== PAGE 79 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 77
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
By standardizing product quality requirements, from design approval, new product 
quality management, mass production and supply to after-sales quality warranty, 
we aim to continuously improve and ensure the quality of the Group’s products and 
ensure the quality of supply.
ANTI-CORRUPTION
The Group are committed to maintaining the highest level of business ethics and 
integrity in carrying out its business activities. The Group places emphasis on 
ensuring all business is conducted in accordance with relevant local laws and 
regulations, including but not limited to Prevention of Bribery Ordinance (Cap.201 of the Laws of Hong Kong), Criminal Law of the 
People’s Republic of China ( 中華人民共和國刑法), Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of United States and the United Nations Convention 
against Corruption.
The Group has formulated its internal policies, namely “Code of Conduct” and “Anti-corruption Policy”, to ensure that business 
activities are conducted integriously, transparently, and legitimately, as well as to abstain from all forms of misconduct, including 
corruption, bribery, extortion and fraud within the Group. Such measures are preventive, detective and punitive in nature. All 
employees shall sign and abide by the “BOEVx Declaration of Professional Ethics”, follow the code of conducts and professional 
ethics, perform the duties with integrity, fairness and professionalism, not taking advantage of their job position to engage in any 
form of bribery or solicit any personal benefits or favors from business partners, and are subjected to supervision.
During the year, concluded legal cases were reported regarding corrupt practices against the Group or its employees. The Group 
reported no cases of serious violations of laws and regulations in relation to corruption, bribery, extortion and fraud that would 
have a significant impact to the Group.
Code of
Conduct
Anti-
corruption
Policy
Travel Policy
set the upper limit on the value of 
the gifts that the staff can accept; 
prohibit the staff from soliciting 
or accepting any bene/f_its from 
business partner; procedures and 
reporting mechanisms for 
handling con/f_licts of interest.
the staff shall not engage in any 
form of corruption or bribery, 
shall not offer or accept any gifts, 
gratuities or entertainment that 
may be considered to have an 
unfair impact on business 
relationships.
establish the standards and 
approval procedures for the travel 
and business entertainment 
expense that occurs in the normal 
course of business.
WHISTLEBLOWING MECHANISM
To commit a high standard of corporate governance, the Group has devised a whistleblowing policy for all employees of the 
Group to report serious concerns about any misconduct, malpractice or irregularities that the Company or any of its subsidiaries 
has been or may become involved in. Whistleblowing matters may include but are not confined to breach of legal or regulatory 
requirements (such as corruption or acts of fraud) or, malpractice, impropriety or fraud relating to internal controls, accounting, 
auditing and financial matters of the Group. The Group has set a specific reporting channel to receive reports from whistleblowers 
on misconduct and relevant details and evidence. To safeguard its interests, the Group will conduct the investigation against any 
suspicious or misconduct based on the actual circumstances.

===== PAGE 80 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited78
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT, CHARITY AND STAFF WELLBEING
When planning social engagement activities, in addition to considering public welfare 
and charitable donation activities, we also consider social activity strategies, use core 
functions, pool internal and external resources and the strength of overseas bases to 
promote participation in social activities, while exerting social influence, creating corporate 
competitiveness and creating an environment where business and society prosper together. 
As a responsible enterprise, the Group is involved in a variety of events that combine charity 
and sports and committed to encouraging caring for the community and help those in need. 
In 2024, the Group made charitable and other donations of over HK$72,630.
As of the latest practicable date, the Group sponsored our employees to participate in 
various charity sports activities and company cultural and sports activities. These included:
Hong Kong PRC
•	 Standard 	Chartered	Marathon
•	 Oxfam 	Trailwalker 	—	100km
•	 Oxfam 	Trailwalker 	—	40km
•	 The 	Hong	Kong	International 	Airport	
•	Standard	Chartered	Hong	Kong	
Marathon: Three Runway System 
10K International Race
•	 2024 	Athletic	Carnival
•	 BADT 	Family	Day
•	 Friendly 	Badminton	Tournament
•	 The 	2nd	“Dragon	Cup”	Football	League
•	 Riding 	Club	Activities
•	 “Raindrop” 	Volunteer	Program
•	 Chinese 	New	Year	Cup	Soccer	
Tournament
SCHOLARSHIP
Since 2012, Heyuan plant established a school-enterprise cooperation with the Heyuan 
Polytechnic to enrol students in “Specialized BOEVx Class”. A scholarship is sponsored for 
outstanding students. In addition, the Group has also specially set up a “Specialized BOEVx 
Scholarship” to help students with financial needs to complete their studies.
The Group will make every effort to treat all disclosures in a confidential and sensitive manner. The identity of the individual 
employee of the Group making the allegation will not be divulged without the employee’s consent, where appropriate. Harassment 
or victimization of a genuine whistleblower will be treated as gross misconduct, which if proven, may result in dismissal. The Group 
assess the efficiency of current whistleblowing measures annually. In case of appropriate necessity, the Group will amend existing 
policies or develop and introduce additional policies.
Extract of whistleblowing policy:
Reporting 
Channel
Conﬁdentiality Protection 
report to the Audit Committee via
designated email
may raise a concern anonymously 
or in con/f_idence.
will not disclose the identity of 
whistleblower without their 
consent
whistleblower shall not suffer any 
form of intimidation, reprisal, 
retaliation or adverse reaction as 
a consequence of whistleblowing
Investigation Procedure Record
Retention
depending upon the nature and particular circumstances of each 
complaint made, investigation would be conducted internally or by 
referring to external organisation
all relevant information relating to 
the case shall be properly /f_iled


===== PAGE 81 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 79
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
2024 Oxfam Trailwalkers
2024 Athletic Carnival


===== PAGE 82 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited80
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
The second 「龍騰柸」
BOEVx New Manpower


===== PAGE 83 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 81
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
APPENDIX 1
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORTING GUIDE OF HONG 
KONG STOCK EXCHANGE
SUBJECT AREAS, ASPECTS, GENERAL DISCLOSURES AND KPIs PAGE NUMBER
A ENVIRONMENTAL
ASPECT A1: 
EMISSIONS
INFORMATION ON THE POLICIES AND COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND 
REGULATIONS THAT HAVE A SIGNIFICANT IMPACT ON THE ISSUER RELATING TO AIR 
AND GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS, DISCHARGES INTO WATER AND LAND, AND 
GENERATION OF HAZARDOUS AND NON-HAZARDOUS WASTE.
A1.1 The types of emissions and respective emissions data. 40
A1.2 Direct (Scope 1) and energy indirect (Scope 2) greenhouse gas emissions (in tonnes) 
and, where appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume, per facility).
42
A1.3 Total hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e.g. 
per unit of production volume, per facility).
40
A1.4 Total non-hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity 
(e.g. per unit of production volume, per facility).
40
A1.5 Description of emission target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. 41, 56
A1.6 Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are handled, and a 
description of reduction target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them.
46, 57
ASPECT A2: USE OF 
RESOURCES
POLICIES ON THE EFFICIENT USE OF RESOURCES, INCLUDING ENERGY, WATER AND 
OTHER RAW MATERIALS.
A2.1 Direct and/or indirect energy consumption by type (e.g. electricity, gas or oil) in total 
(kWh in ’000s) and intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume, per facility).
44, 50
A2.2 Water consumption in total and intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume, per 
facility).
50
A2.3 Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. 51-52, 57
A2.4 Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose, 
water efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them.
45, 57
A2.5 Total packaging material used for finished products (in tonnes) and, if applicable, 
with reference to per unit produced.
47, 50
ASPECT A3: THE 
ENVIRONMENT AND 
NATURAL RESOURCES
POLICIES ON MINIMISING THE ISSUER’S SIGNIFICANT IMPACTS ON THE ENVIRONMENT 
AND NATURAL RESOURCES.
A3.1 Description of the significant impacts of activities on the environment and natural 
resources and the actions taken to manage them.
49
ASPECT A4: CLIMATE 
CHANGE
POLICIES ON IDENTIFICATION AND MITIGATION OF SIGNIFICANT CLIMATE-RELATED 
ISSUES WHICH HAVE IMPACTED, AND THOSE WHICH MAY IMPACT, THE ISSUER.
A4.1 Description of the significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those 
which may impact, the issuer, and the actions taken to manage them.
39, 52

===== PAGE 84 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited82
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
SUBJECT AREAS, ASPECTS, GENERAL DISCLOSURES AND KPIs PAGE NUMBER
B SOCIAL
EMPLOYMENT AND LABOR PRACTICES
ASPECT B1: 
EMPLOYMENT
INFORMATION ON THE POLICIES AND COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND 
REGULATIONS THAT HAVE A SIGNIFICANT IMPACT ON THE ISSUER RELATING TO 
COMPENSATION AND DISMISSAL, RECRUITMENT AND PROMOTION, WORKING 
HOURS, REST PERIODS, EQUAL OPPORTUNITY, DIVERSITY, ANTI-DISCRIMINATION, 
AND OTHER BENEFITS AND WELFARE.
B1.1 Total workforce by gender, employment type (for example, full- or part-time), age 
group and geographical region.
61
B1.2 Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and geographical region. 61
ASPECT B2: HEALTH 
AND SAFETY
INFORMATION ON THE POLICIES AND COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND 
REGULATIONS THAT HAVE A SIGNIFICANT IMPACT ON THE ISSUER RELATING TO 
PROVIDING A SAFE WORKING ENVIRONMENT AND PROTECTING EMPLOYEES FROM 
OCCUPATIONAL HAZARDS.
B2.1 Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in each of the past three years 
including the reporting year.
58
B2.2 Lost days due to work injury. 58
B2.3 Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, how they are 
implemented and monitored.
58
ASPECT B3: 
DEVELOPMENT AND 
TRAINING
POLICIES ON IMPROVING EMPLOYEES’ KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS FOR DISCHARGING 
DUTIES AT WORK. DESCRIPTION OF TRAINING ACTIVITIES.
B3.1 The percentage of employees trained by gender and employee category (e.g. senior 
management, middle management)
61
B3.2 The average training hours completed per employee by gender and employee 
category.
61
LABOR STANDARDS INFORMATION ON THE POLICIES AND COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND 
REGULATIONS THAT HAVE A SIGNIFICANT IMPACT ON THE ISSUER RELATING TO 
PREVENTING CHILD AND FORCED LABOR.
B4.1 Description of measures to review employment practices to avoid child and forced 
labor.
65
B4.2 Description of the steps taken to eliminate such practices when discovered. 65

===== PAGE 85 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 83
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL 
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
SUBJECT AREAS, ASPECTS, GENERAL DISCLOSURES AND KPIs PAGE NUMBER
OPERATION PRACTICES
ASPECT B5: SUPPLY 
CHAIN MANAGEMENT
POLICIES ON MANAGING ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RISKS OF THE SUPPLY 
CHAIN.
B5.1 Number of suppliers by geographical region. 67
B5.2 Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where 
the practices are being implemented, and how they are implemented and monitored.
67
B5.3 Description of practices used to identify environmental and social risks along the 
supply chain, and how they are implemented and monitored.
68
B5.4 Description of practices used to promote environmentally preferable products and 
services when selecting suppliers, and how they are implemented and monitored.
68
ASPECT B6: PRODUCT 
RESPONSIBILITY
INFORMATION ON THE POLICIES AND COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND 
REGULATIONS THAT HAVE A SIGNIFICANT IMPACT ON THE ISSUER RELATING TO 
HEALTH AND SAFETY, ADVERTISING, LABELLING AND PRIVACY MATTERS RELATING 
TO PRODUCTS AND SERVICES PROVIDED AND METHODS OF REDRESS.
B6.1 Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to recalls for safety and health 
reasons.
69
B6.2 Number of products and service related complaints received and how they are dealt 
with.
69
B6.3 Description of practices relating to observing and protecting intellectual property 
rights.
75
B6.4 Description of quality assurance process and recall procedures. 69
B6.5 Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, and how they are 
implemented and monitored.
75
ASPECT B7: ANTI- 
CORRUPTION
INFORMATION ON THE POLICIES AND COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND 
REGULATIONS THAT HAVE A SIGNIFICANT IMPACT ON THE ISSUER RELATING TO 
BRIBERY, EXTORTION, FRAUD AND MONEY LAUNDERING.
B7.1 Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practices brought against the 
issuer or its employees during the reporting period and the outcomes of the cases.
77
B7.2 Description of preventive measures and whistle-blowing procedures, and how they 
are implemented and monitored.
78
B7.3 Description of anti-corruption training provided to directors and staff. 62
COMMUNITY 
INVESTMENT
POLICIES ON COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT TO UNDERSTAND THE NEEDS OF THE 
COMMUNITIES WHERE THE ISSUER OPERATES AND TO ENSURE ITS ACTIVITIES TAKE 
INTO CONSIDERATION THE COMMUNITIES’ INTERESTS.
B8.1 Focus areas of contribution (e.g. education, environmental concerns, labor needs, 
health, culture, sport).
78
B8.2 Resources contributed (e.g. money or time) to the focus area. 78

===== PAGE 86 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited84
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND
SENIOR MANAGEMENT
aged 50, is our Executive Director and the Chairman appointed 
since September 2018. Mr. Gao is the chairman of the 
Nomination Committee and Investment Committee, and a 
member of the Remuneration Committee of the Company. He is 
also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Group.
Mr. Gao holds a doctor degree in microelectronics and solid-
state electronics from Jilin University.
Mr. Gao joined BOE since 2003. He is currently a director and a 
vice chairman of the 11th Board of Directors and a member of 
the strategic committee of the BOE Group.
DIRECTOR’S BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION
aged 45, is an Executive Director and the Vice Chairlady of 
the Company appointed since October 2014 and January 
2019 respectively. Ms. Ko is a member of the Remuneration 
Committee and the Investment Committee of the Company 
and a director of various subsidiaries of the Group. Ms. Ko was 
also appointed as the chief executive officer of the Company 
in March 2015 and was redesignated to a co-chief executive 
officer of the Company in April 2016 before redesignated to the 
current position. Ms. Ko is appointed as an independent non-
executive director of AInnovation Technology Group Co., Ltd 
(formerly known as Qingdao AInnovation Technology Group Co., 
Ltd) which is listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange in 
May 2021.
Ms. Ko holds a Bachelor Degree in Economics and Mathematics 
from Mount Holyoke College, U.S.A., and a Master Degree in 
Finance from the Imperial College, London. She has over 7 
years of experience in banking and has extensive experience in 
the securities and capital markets, and was a director of global 
markets — structured credit and fund solutions of HSBC until 
August 2009. Before joining HSBC, Ms. Ko served at Morgan 
Stanley (Hong Kong) and JP Morgan Securities Limited (London).
Ms. Ko was awarded the 2024 Young Industrialist Awards of 
Hong Kong by the Federation of Hong Kong Industries.
GAO Wenbao KO Wing Yan, Samantha

===== PAGE 87 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 85
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND 
SENIOR MANAGEMENT
aged 44, is our Executive Director and the Chief Executive 
Officer of the Company appointed since April 2016 and January 
2019 respectively. He was appointed as a Co-chief Executive 
Officer of the Company in April 2016 before redesignated to 
the current position. Mr. Su is a member of the Nomination 
Committee and the Investment Committee, and a director of 
various subsidiaries of the Group.
Mr. Su holds doctorate of advanced professional studies in 
applied finance from the University of Geneva, master degree 
in control engineering from the Graduate School of Chinese 
Academy of Sciences and is a senior engineer of electronic 
components and materials.
Since 2005, Mr. Su had served as a deputy division chief in 
the module technical department, a deputy department head 
in the new application business department, the division 
chief, a deputy general manager in the application business 
department of Beijing BOE Optoelectronics Technology Co., 
Ltd. (a subsidiary of BOE). Mr. Su was a general manager of 
the application business department of Beijing BOE Display 
Technology Co., Ltd. (a subsidiary of BOE) and the general 
manager of the Strategic Business Unit of the display device 
and the Internet of Things innovation business.
Mr. Su is currently a vice president of the BOE Group.
aged 55, is our Non-executive Director appointed since 
April 2019. Mr. Shao graduated from Changchun Institute of 
Physics, Chinese Academy of Sciences with a doctor degree 
in condensed matter physics. From 1994 to 2006, Mr. Shao 
worked at Changchun Institute of Physics, Chinese Academy 
of Sciences, Tohoku University and Jilin North Color Crystal 
Display Co., Ltd.. Since 2006, Mr. Shao joined the BOE Group. He 
worked as a deputy director of strategic planning department, 
a director of research and development of central research 
institute, a director of product development of BOE Display, 
a director of DT development and a department head of TV 
development, a deputy head of IT/TV product development, 
head of IT/TV product development, the chief product officer, a 
co-chief technology officer of Display Business Group of BOE.
Mr. Shao is currently the chief new product officer of the mid-
desk of the technology and product of the mid-desk of the 
display device and the IoT innovation business of BOE, the 
head of LCD product development centre of the mid-desk of 
the technology and product of the display device and the IoT 
innovation business of BOE, the deputy head of the mid-desk 
of the technology and the product mid-desk terminal product 
and technology development of the display device and the IoT 
innovation business of BOE.
SU Ning SHAO Xibin

===== PAGE 88 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited86
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND 
SENIOR MANAGEMENT
aged 37, is our Non-executive Director appointed since February 
2023. Mr. Meng graduated from Beijing Institute of Technology 
with a master’s degree in business management. Mr. Meng 
joined BOE in 2009. He was the deputy head of the Planning and 
Finance Department, the deputy head of the Budget Analysis 
Section of the Budget Management Department, the deputy 
head of the Budget Management Department, the head of the 
Smart System Budget and Operation Innovation Department, 
the head of the Major Project Performance Management 
Section of Budget Management Department and the deputy 
head of the Budget Center of BOE.
Mr. Meng is currently the CPIO of the performance management 
center of the back-desk of BOE (business support system), 
and the Vice Chief Financial Officer of Chief Financial Officer 
organisation.
aged 51, is our Non-executive Director appointed since April 
2019. Mr. Jin graduated from Northeast Forestry University with 
a bachelor’s degree in trade economy. From 1997 to 2003, Mr. 
Jin worked at Beijing Gucheng Tourism Vocational School, K.E.D. 
Co., Ltd. and BTC Information and Communication Co., Ltd.. 
Since 2003, Mr. Jin joined the BOE Group.
Mr. Jin is currently the deputy person in charge of the mid-desk 
of the planning and operation of the mid-desk of the display 
device and the IoT innovation business of BOE, the head of the 
mid-desk of the production and marketing operation centre 
of the planning and operation of the mid-desk of the display 
device and the IoT innovation business of BOE, the team 
leader of business operation team of the domestic marketing 
platform area of the front-desk of the display device and the IoT 
innovation business of BOE.
JIN Hao
MENG Chao


===== PAGE 89 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 87
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND 
SENIOR MANAGEMENT
aged 60, is our Independent Non-executive Director appointed 
since June 2016. He is a member of the Audit Committee, the 
Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee of 
the Company. Mr. Chu has 20 years of business experience 
and 15 years of experience in corporate governance. Mr. Chu 
is a partner of Go Capital Limited which is a private equity firm 
based in Hong Kong and Shanghai. Mr. Chu was appointed as 
an independent non-executive director of Guolian Minsheng 
Securities Co., Ltd. (formerly known as Guolian Securities Co., 
Ltd.) and Crypto Flow Technology Limited which are listed on 
the Main Board of the Stock Exchange in June 2019 and the 
Growth Enterprise Market of the Stock Exchange in September 
2022 respectively.
From 2012 and 28 February 2018, Mr. Chu was the chief 
executive officer of mReferral Corporation (HK) Limited which is 
a leading mortgage referral company and is a joint venture of 
Midland Holdings Limited and Cheung Kong (Holdings) Limited. 
From March 2012 to June 2012, he was the chief financial 
officer of China Smart Electric Co. Ltd.. From July 2009 to 
October 2011, he was the chief financial officer of Trony Solar 
Holdings Company Limited which is a publicly listed company 
on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange. From September 
2010 to May 2012, he was an independent non-executive 
Director of China Kingstone Mining Holdings Limited which 
is a publicly listed company on the Main Board of the Stock 
Exchange. He has previously worked for Shanghai Century 
Acquisition Corporation, a company listed on the American 
Stock Exchange, and United Energy Group Limited, a company 
listed on the Stock Exchange. He was a director at ABN AMRO 
Asia Corporate Finance Ltd. and was also a director at the Hong 
Kong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Ltd.. From June 2012 
to June 2015, he was an independent non-executive Director 
of Weichai Power Co. Ltd. which is a publicly listed company 
on the Main Board of Stock Exchange. He resigned as an 
independent non-executive director of Directel Holdings Limited 
which is listed on the Growth Enterprise Market of the Stock 
Exchange in June 2016.
He obtained a master degree of business administration from 
the Columbia University and a bachelor degree of science from 
the University of Rochester in 1990 and 1986 respectively.
aged 58, is our Independent Non-executive Director appointed 
in June 2016. Mr. Fung is the Chairman of the Audit Committee 
and the Remuneration Committee, and a member of the 
Nomination Committee of the Company. Mr. Fung was trained 
and qualified in KPMG London before returning to KPMG 
Hong Kong in 1993. Since his return Mr. Fung has travelled 
regularly into China to lead different types of China projects, 
including Initial Public Offerings and due diligence exercises 
for merger and acquisitions. Mr. Fung became a partner in 
October 2000. Later in 2006 he moved to and started stationing 
in Beijing. In the past two decades, he has been in many 
positions within KPMG, including the partner in-charge of large 
accounts, regional head of audit and regional head of business 
development.
Mr. Fung’s last position before retirement from KPMG was the 
Global Chair of KPMG Global China Practice (“GCP”). The GCP 
is a community of professionals in China and across the globe 
with a total focus on inbound and outbound China businesses 
and assists Chinese businesses with their globalisation strategy 
and helps multinational companies enter or expand into the 
China market. In this role, he regularly met with market players 
to discuss the continuous development of China and issues 
confronting executives from different businesses. He also 
wrote publications and appears in conferences and events 
as presenters/panelists to share his experience and views on 
these matters.
Mr. Fung is a fellow member of the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of England and Wales and a member of the Hong 
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He obtained 
a bachelor of science in Economics from London School of 
Economics and Political Science in 1988.
FUNG, Yuk Kan Peter
CHU, Howard Ho Hwa


===== PAGE 90 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited88
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND 
SENIOR MANAGEMENT
aged 54, is our Independent Non-executive Director appointed 
in April 2023. Mr. Pang is a member of the Audit Committee, 
the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee 
of the Company.
Mr. Pang holds doctorate of electronics and information 
engineering from University of Electronic Science and 
Technology of China and master degree in business 
administration from Kunming University of Science and 
Technology.
Mr. Pang is a member of, among others, the Ministry of 
Industry and Information Technology Expert Committee of 
Vehicles Network Identity Authentication and Safety Trust 
Work in Vehicles Network Safety Field* ( 工業和信息化部車聯
網安全領域車聯網身份認證和安全信任工作專家委員會 ); the 
deputy chairman of the Artificial Intelligence Sub-Committee 
of The Chinese Society for Agricultural Machinery* ( 中國農業
機械學會人工智能分會委員會 ); the deputy secretary-general 
of the Agricultural Electronics Sub-Technical Committee of 
the National Agricultural Machinery Standardization Technical 
Committee (TC201)* ( 全國農業機械標準化技術委員會 (TC201) 農
業電子分技術委員會).
Mr. Pang is an independent director of ZKTeco Co., Ltd., the 
shares of which are listed on the Growth Enterprise Market of 
the Shenzhen Stock Exchange. From May 2022 to April 2023, 
Mr. Pang was a non-independent director of Shenzhen Qingyi 
Photomask Limited, the shares of which are listed on the 
Science and Technology Innovation Board of the Shanghai Stock 
Exchange.
PANG Chunlin


===== PAGE 91 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 89
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND 
SENIOR MANAGEMENT
CHENG Wei
aged 43, is the General Manager — Smart Vehicle Solutions 
(China region), is responsible for Systems and Smart Vehicle 
Solutions of the Group. He obtained a degree in Information 
Engineering from the Beijing Institute of Technology, China and 
a Master’s degree in Software Engineering from the Huazhong 
University of Science and Technology, China. Before joining the 
Group, Mr. Cheng served at the BOE Group and has more than 
18 years of TFT module production and operational experience. 
He joined the Group in August 2017.
MA Chung Man, Alex
aged 49, is the Assistant General Manager — Head of 
Purchasing of the Group. He obtained a degree in Industrial 
and Manufacturing Systems Engineering from the University of 
Hong Kong and a Master’s degree in System Engineering and 
Engineering Management from the Chinese University of Hong 
Kong. He joined the Group in October 1998.
NG Ah Loi, Lloyd
aged 57, is the Assistant General Manager — Head of Quality of 
the Group. He obtained a Bachelor’s degree in Applied Physics 
from the City University of Hong Kong. Mr. Ng has over 17 years 
of experience in automotive quality assurance management. He 
joined the Group in August 2017.
CHUNG Kai Cheong
aged 47, is the Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary 
of the Group. He obtained a Master’s degree in Corporate 
Governance and Compliance from the Hong Kong Baptist 
University and a Bachelor’s degree majoring in Accountancy 
from the City University of Hong Kong. He is a Fellow Member 
of each The Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants, 
The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute and The 
Chartered Governance Institute. He joined the Group in April 
2022.
CHOI Wing
aged 46, is the Chief Operating Officer of the Group. She 
obtained a Bachelor’s degree in Chemistry from the Chinese 
University of Hong Kong and a Master’s degree in Data Science 
and Business Statistics from the Chinese University of Hong 
Kong. She joined the Group in October 2000.
PARK Soo Bin, James
aged 54, is the Chief Marketing Officer of the Group. He 
obtained a Bachelor’s degree in Physics from the Sogang 
University in South Korea. He joined the Group in October 2006.
YOON Dae Keun
aged 50, is the Chief Technology Officer of the Group. He 
obtained a Master’s degree in Optics from the Sogang University 
in South Korea. Before joining the Group, Mr. Yoon served at 
the BOE Group and has more than 21 years of TFT module 
development experience. He joined the Group in October 2023.
LO Pak Chi, Patrick
aged 51, is the General Manager responsible for operation of 
Chengdu plant of the Group. He obtained a Bachelor’s degree 
in Applied Physics from the Hong Kong Baptist University. He 
joined the Group in May 1998.
QIU Huirong
aged 42, is the General Manager responsible for operation of 
Heyuan plant of the Group. He obtained a Bachelor’s degree in 
Chemistry from the Xiamen University, China. Before joining the 
Group, Mr. Qiu served at the BOE Group and has more than 18 
years of TFT module production and operational management 
experience. He joined the Group in February 2019.
SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION

===== PAGE 92 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited90
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
REPORT
The Company is committed to achieving and maintaining a high 
standard of corporate governance. The Board (the “Board”) of 
Directors (the “Directors”) recognises that such commitment is 
essential in upholding the accountability and transparency and 
to achieve a balance of interests between the shareholders, 
customers, creditors, employees as well as other stakeholders.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
PRACTICES
The corporate governance standards of the Company are built 
on the principles of independence, accountability, transparency 
and fairness. The Company has adopted and complied with 
the code provision set out in the Corporate Governance 
Code (the “CG Code”) contained in Appendix C1 of the Rules 
Governing the Listing of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on The 
Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”). 
The Board has taken actions and measures to ensure that the 
Company is in all aspects in strict compliance.
In the opinion of the Directors, the Company has complied with 
the code provisions of the CG Code throughout the year ended 
31 December 2024, other than as summarised as below.
Code provision C.1.6 stipulates that independent non-
executive directors and non-executive directors should attend 
general meetings. Mr. Chu, Howard Ho Hwa, an independent 
non-executive Director, was unable to attend the special 
general meeting of the Company held on 21 November 2024 
(“SGM”) due to other business arrangements.
Apart from code provision F.2.2 stipulates that the chairman of 
the board should attend the annual general meeting, Mr. Gao 
Wenbao, the Chairman of the Board, was unable to attend the 
SGM due to other business arrangements. Mr. Su Ning was 
appointed to chair the SGM and address any questions raised. 
Given his extensive knowledge of the Group’s business, he was 
considered a suitable candidate to act as the chairman in the 
absence of Mr. Gao.
MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES 
TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS
The Company has adopted a code of conduct on securities 
transactions by directors (the “Code of Conduct”) on terms 
no less exacting than those required standards set out in the 
Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed 
Issuers (the “Model Code”) set out in Appendix C3 of the Listing 
Rules. Following specific enquiry by the Company, all Directors 
confirmed that they have complied with the required standards 
as set out in the Model Code and the Code of Conduct 
throughout the year under review.
The Company has also adopted a code of conduct on securities 
transactions by employees (revised on 24 July 2024) on terms 
no less exacting than those required standards set out in the 
Model Code.
Audit
Committee
External
Auditor
Remuneration
Committee
Nomination
Committee
Investment
Committee
THE BOARD

===== PAGE 93 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 91
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
The Company has established a mechanism to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board. All the Independent 
Non-executive Directors meet the guidelines for assessment of independence as set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.
The Board meets at least 4 times a year with additional meetings (physical and electronic, with all board members would attend the 
electronic meetings) arranged when necessary to review the financial performance, material investments and other matters of the 
Group that require the resolution of the Board.
During the financial year ended 31 December 2024, a total of 4 meetings and 2 general meetings (“GM”) of which 1 is an annual 
general meeting and 1 is a special general meeting, were held and the attendance of each Director is set out as follows:
Number of meetings attended in 2024
Name Board GM
Remuneration
 Committee
Nomination
 Committee
Audit
 Committee
Investment 
Committee
Executive Directors:
Mr. Gao Wenbao 4/4 1/2 2/2 1/1 N/A 5/5
Ms. Ko Wing Yan, Samantha 4/4 2/2 2/2 N/A N/A 5/5
Mr. Su Ning 4/4 2/2 N/A 1/1 N/A 5/5
Non-executive Directors:
Mr. Shao Xibin 4/4 2/2 N/A N/A N/A N/A
Mr. Jin Hao 4/4 2/2 N/A N/A N/A N/A
Mr. Meng Chao 4/4 2/2 N/A N/A N/A N/A
Independent Non-executive Directors:
Mr. Fung, Yuk Kan Peter 4/4 2/2 2/2 1/1 2/2 N/A
Mr. Chu, Howard Ho Hwa 4/4 1/2 2/2 1/1 2/2 N/A
Mr. Pang Chunlin 4/4 2/2 2/2 1/1 2/2 N/A
       
Executive Directors: Mr. Gao Wenbao (Chairman)
Ms. Ko Wing Yan, Samantha  
(Vice Chairlady)
Mr. Su Ning (Chief Executive Officer)
Non-executive Directors: Mr. Shao Xibin
Mr. Jin Hao
Mr. Meng Chao
Independent  
Non-executive Directors:
Mr. Fung, Yuk Kan Peter
Mr. Chu, Howard Ho Hwa
Mr. Pang Chunlin
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Company benefits from the professional management 
expertise of its Directors. Brief biographies of the Directors are 
set out in the “Board of Directors and Senior Management” 
section in this Annual Report. The professional management 
expertise of the Directors ensures that the Board has the 
capabilities of sustaining the Company’s continued success.
As at 31 March 2025 (the latest practicable date), Board 
comprises 3 Executive Directors, 3 Non-executive Directors and 
3 Independent Non-executive Directors.

===== PAGE 94 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited92
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
The Group will continuously review and adjust, if necessary, 
its business strategies and keep track of the changing market 
conditions to ensure prompt and proactive measures will be 
taken to respond to the changes and meet the market needs to 
foster the sustainability of the Group.
PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
Pursuant to C.1.4 of the CG Code, all Directors should 
participate in continuous professional development to develop 
and refresh their knowledge and skills. This is to ensure that 
their contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant. 
On 15 November 2024, an on-line training to the Directors about 
the overview of directors’ responsibilities; ESG and internal 
control; and roles and responsibilities of independent non-
executive directors was provided. Up to the date of this report, 
all Directors have participated in continuous professional 
development by participating seminars, training course and/
or lectures, and/or referring materials on the topics related to 
corporate governance and regulations.
RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE BOARD
The Board has established the Company’s purpose, values and 
strategy, and satisfy itself that these and the Company’s culture 
are aligned. The Board promotes the desired culture which 
should instill and continually reinforce across the organisation 
values of acting lawfully, ethically and responsibly.
With integrity, the Board has the collective responsibility for 
leadership and control of, and for promoting the success of, the 
Company by directing and supervising the Company’s affairs. 
The Board sets the Group’s overall objectives and strategies, 
monitors and evaluates its operating and financial performance 
and reviews the corporate governance standard of the 
Company. It also decides on important matters such as interim 
and annual results, major transactions, director appointments 
or reappointments, and dividend and accounting policies, and 
so on. The Board has delegated the authority and responsibility 
for implementing its business strategies and managing the daily 
operations of the Group’s businesses to the management.
The Board has reviewed the implementation and effectiveness 
of the mechanism which ensures independent views and input 
are available to it on an annual basis.
The Directors have no financial, business, family or other 
material/relevant relationships among the members of the 
Board except that:
Mr. Gao Wenbao is a director and a vice chairman of the 11th 
Board of Directors and a member of the strategic committee 
of the BOE Group. Mr. Su Ning is a vice president of the BOE 
Group. Mr. Shao Xibin is the chief new product officer of the 
mid-desk of the technology and product of the mid-desk of 
the display device and the IoT innovation business of BOE, the 
head of LCD product development centre of the mid-desk of 
the technology and product of the display device and the IoT 
innovation business of BOE, the deputy head of the mid-desk 
of the technology and the product mid-desk terminal product 
and technology development of the display device and the IoT 
innovation business of BOE. Mr. Jin Hao is the deputy person 
in charge of the mid-desk of the planning and operation of 
the mid-desk of the display device and the IoT innovation 
business of BOE, the head of the mid-desk of the production 
and marketing operation centre of the planning and operation 
of the mid-desk of the display device and the IoT innovation 
business of BOE, the team leader of business operation team 
of the domestic marketing platform area of the front-desk of 
the display device and the IoT innovation business of BOE. Mr. 
Meng Chao is the CPIO of the performance management center 
of the back-desk of BOE (business support system), and the Vice 
Chief Financial Officer of Chief Financial Officer organisation.
In the Board’s opinion, these relationships do not affect the 
Directors’ independent judgment and integrity in executing their 
roles and responsibilities and there is mechanism to protect 
respective stakeholders’ interest.
CORPORATE CULTURE
A healthy corporate culture across the Group is integral to 
attain its vision and strategy. The Board endeavors to promote, 
by act of lawfully, ethically and responsibly, a performance 
culture in the Group and continually reinforce the desired 
corporate culture which is aligned with the Group’s purpose, 
values and strategy.
The Group committees to workforce development, workplace 
safety and health, diversity, and sustainability. In addition, the 
Group’s strategy in the business development and management 
are to achieve long-term, steady and sustainable growth, 
ensure satisfactory and sustainable returns to shareholders, 
safeguard the interests of business partners, assess and 
manage the overall business risk, deliver high-quality products 
to the satisfaction of customers and maintain high standards of 
ethics.

===== PAGE 95 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 93
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER
The roles of the Chairman of the Board, Mr. Gao Wenbao and 
the Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Su Ning are separated, with a 
clear division of responsibilities. The Chairman of the Board is 
responsible for formulating corporate strategies and overall 
business development planning. Chief Executive Officer’s duty 
is to oversee the execution of daily business activities. The 
division of responsibilities is to ensure a balance of power and 
authority.
The Vice Chairlady, Ms. Ko Wing Yan, Samantha, shall assist 
the Chairman of the Board in performing the latter’s duties 
and responsibilities. In particular, the Vice Chairlady shall take 
the important role in monitoring the implementation of the 
Company’s strategies. During the period when the Chairman 
is absent and the normal functions of the Chairman cannot be 
carried out, the Vice Chairlady will take the role as the acting 
Chairman until the Chairman resumes carrying out his normal 
duties or a new Chairman has been elected and appointed by 
the Board.
The division of responsibilities between the Chairman and the 
Chief Executive Officer are clearly established and set out in 
writing in March 2012.
TERM OF APPOINTMENT AND RE-
ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
All Non-executive Directors have been appointed for a term of 
3 years and all Independent Non-executive Directors have been 
appointed for a term subject to re-appointment as required by 
Bye-law.
Pursuant to the Company’s bye-law 84(1), all Directors are 
subject to retirement by rotation at least once every 3 years. At 
least one-third of the Directors must retire from office at each 
annual general meeting and their re-election is subject to the 
approval of the Shareholders.
Pursuant to the Company’s bye-law 83(2), any Director 
appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition 
to the existing Board shall hold office only until the next 
following general meeting of the Company, and shall be eligible 
for re-election.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
FUNCTIONS
The Board is responsible for performing the corporate 
governance functions such as developing and reviewing the 
Company’s policies, practices on corporate governance, 
training and continuous professional development of the 
Directors and senior management of the Group, the Company’s 
policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory 
requirements, code of conduct of employees and directors, and 
practices on compliance with the CG Code.
The Board held meetings from time to time whenever 
necessary. At least 14 days notice of regular Board meetings 
is given to all Directors and they can include matters for 
discussion in the agenda as they think fit. The agenda 
accompanying board papers are sent to all Directors at least 3 
days before the date of every Board meeting in order to allow 
sufficient time for the Directors to review the documents.
Minutes of every Board meeting are circulated to all Directors 
for their perusal and comments prior to confirmation of the 
minutes. The Board also ensures that it is supplied in a timely 
manner with all necessary information in a form and of a quality 
appropriate to enable it to discharge its duties.
The Directors give sufficient time and attention to the affairs 
of the Company. All Directors are required to disclose to the 
Company at the time of their appointment, and in a timely 
manner for any change of, the number and nature of offices 
held in public companies or organisations and other significant 
commitments.
Every Board member has full access to the advice and services 
of the company secretary of the Company with a view to 
ensuring that board procedures, and all applicable rules and 
regulations are followed and they are also entitled to have full 
access to board papers and related materials so that they are 
able to make an informed decision and to discharge their duties 
and responsibilities.

===== PAGE 96 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited94
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
The AC meets and holds discussions with the directors and 
other senior management of the Group on the interim results 
and annual results as well as respective reports. The AC reviews 
and discusses the management’s report and representations 
with a review to ensure that the Group’s consolidated financial 
statements and prepared in accordance with accounting 
principles generally accepted in Hong Kong with reference 
to the terms of reference. It also considers reports from the 
Company’s external auditors, KPMG, on the scope and the 
outcome of their annual audit of the consolidated financial 
statements.
ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT
Financial Reporting
The management provides such explanation and information 
to the Board and reports regularly to the Board on financial 
position and prospects of the business of the Company so 
as to enable the Board to make an informed assessment of 
the financial and other information put before the Board for 
approval.
The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities (as set out 
in the Report of the Independent Auditor) for preparing the 
financial statements for each financial period with a view to 
ensuring such financial statements give a true and fair view 
of the state of affairs of the Group and of the results and cash 
flows for that period. The Company’s financial statements are 
prepared in accordance with all relevant statutory requirements 
and applicable accounting standards. The Directors are 
responsible for ensuring that appropriate accounting policies 
are selected and applied consistently; and that judgments and 
estimates made are prudent and reasonable. The Board was 
not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or 
conditions that might cast significant doubt upon the Group’s 
ability to continue as a going concern and the Board has 
prepared the financial statements on a going concern basis. The 
responsibility of the external auditor is to form an independent 
opinion, based on their audit, on those consolidated financial 
statements prepared by the Board and to report their opinion to 
the shareholders of the Company. The reporting responsibilities 
of KPMG are set out in the Report of the Independent Auditor 
on pages 129 to 134 of this Annual Report.
BOARD COMMITTEES
AUDIT COMMITTEE
The audit committee of the Company (the “AC”) comprises 
the following Independent Non-executive Directors: Mr. Fung, 
Yuk Kan Peter (Chairman of the AC), Mr. Chu, Howard Ho Hwa 
and Mr. Pang Chunlin as at the date of this report. The AC is 
responsible for appointment of external auditors, review of 
the Group’s financial information and oversight of the Group’s 
financial reporting system, risk management and internal 
control systems. It is also responsible for reviewing the interim 
and annual results of the Group prior to recommending them 
to the Board for approval. It meets regularly to review financial 
reporting and internal control matters and to this end has 
unrestricted access to both the Company’s internal and external 
auditors. The terms of reference of the AC are available at the 
websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.
The AC held 2 meetings in 2024 in which the AC reviewed with 
management the accounting principles, estimates and practices 
adopted by the Group and discussed risk management, internal 
controls and financial reporting matters so as to ensure that 
an effective control and corporate governance environment is 
maintained. The number of AC meetings held during the year 
and record of individual attendance of members, on a named 
basis, at meetings held during is set out in the section headed 
“BOARD OF DIRECTORS” above in this report.
The AC also made its recommendation to the Board that 
the external auditors should be reappointed, reviewed and 
approved the audit service, non-audit services, remuneration 
and the terms of engagement of the external auditors.
The internal and external auditors have unrestricted access 
to the AC, which ensures that their independence remains 
unimpaired. There was private meeting between the AC and 
external auditors for the best corporate governance purposes.
There is no disagreement between the Board and the AC on the 
selection, appointment, resignation or dismissal of the external 
auditors.

===== PAGE 97 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 95
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
The Company’s management encourages a risk aware and 
control conscious environment, setting objectives, performance 
targets or policies for the management of key risks including 
strategic planning, business operations, acquisitions, 
investments, legal and regulatory compliance, expenditure 
control, treasury, environment, health and safety, and customer 
service. The Company has a well-established organisational 
structure with defined levels of responsibility and authority 
and reporting procedures. There are inherent limitations in 
any systems of risk management and internal control and 
accordingly the Group’s risk management and internal control 
systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the 
risk of failure to achieve business of objectives, and can only 
provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material 
misstatement or loss.
The Executive Directors review operational and financial reports 
and key operating statistics and hold regular meetings with the 
management to review their reports.
Budgets are prepared annually by the management and are 
subject to review and approval by the Chief Executive Officer 
and then by the Executive Directors. Re-forecasts of operating 
results for the current year are prepared regularly, reviewed 
and approved by the Executive Directors and the Board.
The Group has established guidelines and procedures for the 
approval and control of expenditure. Operating expenditure 
is subject to overall budget control. Capital expenditure is 
subject to overall control within the approved budget of 
individual projects with more specific controls and approvals 
being required for overspending, unbudgeted expenditure 
and material expenditure within the approved budget. Regular 
reports of actual versus budgeted and approved expenditure 
are also reviewed.
The treasury function, overseeing the Group’s investment and 
funding activities, regularly reports to the Executive Directors 
on the Group’s cash and liquid investments, borrowings, 
outstanding contingent liabilities and financial derivatives 
commitments. The Board has reviewed and adopted a treasury 
policy governing the management of the financial risks of the 
Group (including interest rate risk, foreign exchange risk and 
liquidity risk) and the operational risks associated with such risk 
management activities.
INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK 
MANAGEMENT
The Board has overall responsibility for evaluating and 
determining the nature and extent of the risks they are willing 
to take in achieving the Group’s strategic objectives, overseeing 
the risk management and internal control systems including 
reviewing their effectiveness through the AC to ensure 
appropriate and effective risk management and internal control 
systems are in place. The Company has established an Internal 
Audit Department and the Risk Management Committee (the 
“RMC”). The RMC consists of representatives from operations 
departments, the Finance Department and the Internal Audit 
Department of the Company.
The AC assists the Board in meeting its responsibility for 
maintaining effective systems of risk management and 
internal control. The AC reviews all significant aspects of 
risk management and internal control, including financial, 
operational and compliance controls; the adequacy of 
resources, qualifications and experience, training programmes 
and budgets of the staff of the Group’s accounting, internal 
audit, and financial reporting functions, as well as those 
relating to the Company’s ESG performance and reporting. It 
reviews the process by which the Group evaluates its control 
environment and its risk assessment process, and the way in 
which business and control risks are managed. The AC reviews 
the effectiveness of the internal audit department and its 
annual work plans, and considers the reports of the RMC on the 
effectiveness of the systems of risk management and internal 
control. These reviews and reports are considered by the AC 
before it makes its recommendation to the Board for approval 
of the annual consolidated financial statements.
The risk management and internal control systems of the Group 
are reviewed at least semi-annually. During the year, the AC has 
reviewed the effectiveness of the risk management and internal 
control systems of the Group and considered the systems are 
effective and adequate.
Effective risk management is fundamental to the achievement 
of the Group’s strategic objectives, and an enterprise risk 
management framework is in place to provide top-down and 
bottom-up approaches to identify, assess, mitigate and monitor 
key risks in a pro-active and structured manner.

===== PAGE 98 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited96
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
Reports from the external auditor on material non-compliance 
with procedures and significant internal control weakness, if 
any, are presented to the AC. These reports are considered and 
reviewed and the appropriate action is to be taken if required.
Whistleblowing channel is established for employees and those 
who deal with the Group (e.g. customers and suppliers) to raise 
concerns, in confidence and anonymity, with the AC about 
possible improprieties in any matter related to the Group. For 
details, please refer to the section headed “Anti-Corruption” 
under the ESG Report.
There are also procedures including pre-clearance on dealing 
in the Group’s securities by designated Directors and key 
employees notification of regular blackout period and securities 
dealing restrictions to the Directors and key employees, and 
dissemination of information for specified purpose and on a 
need-to-know basis have been implemented to guard against 
possible mishandling of inside information within the Group.
AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION AND 
AUDITOR RELATED MATTERS
Total auditors’ remuneration in relation to audit and non-audit 
services provided to the Group amounted a sum of HK$3.9 
million (2023: HK$3.9 million) was paid to KPMG. The auditor’s 
remuneration for audit services was HK$3.2 million (2023: 
HK$3.3 million).
The non-audit services provided by the auditor of the Group are 
as follow:
2024 2023
HK$’000 HK$’000
Review services 583 586
Tax advisory services 115 31
   
698 617
   
The legal and company secretarial function reports to the Chief 
Executive Officer and the Board, and oversees, among other 
things, the Group’s compliance of the Listing Rules and other 
legal and regulatory requirements.
Reported to the AC, the Internal Audit provides necessary 
information to support the AC to assess the effectiveness of 
the risk management and internal control systems in order to 
achieve the business objectives and corporate governance 
requirements of the Group. At the beginning of each year, 
Internal Audit prepares its annual audit work plan, using risk 
assessment methodology, for the AC for review and approval, 
ensuring that over a number of years, all parts of the Group are 
audited as regards financial and material internal controls, in 
addition to key risk mitigation. As the audit work is performed, 
detailed reports are submitted to the AC for review and 
comment, all of which are related to the application of internal 
control in different parts of the Group and the management 
response to the point made in the report. Internal Audit follows 
up audit recommendations on implementation and the progress 
is reported to the AC. The AC is generally satisfied by the 
responses given and remedial action taken. The scope of work 
on the Group performed by Internal Audit includes financial and 
operational review, recurring and unscheduled audits, fraud 
investigation, productivity and efficiency review and laws and 
regulations compliance review.
With the assistance of Internal Audit, the Chief Executive 
Officer and the Executive Directors review, among other 
things, the profile of the significant risks (including ESG risks) 
and sustainability, and how these risks have been identified, 
evaluated and managed, the changes since the last semi-
annual assessment in the nature and extent of significant risks 
and the Group’s ability to respond to changes in its business 
and the external environment, the scope and quality of 
management’s ongoing monitoring of the risk management and 
internal control systems. In addition, they review the work of 
internal audit department and other assurance providers, the 
extent and frequency of communication of monitoring results 
to the AC which enables it to assess control of the Group and 
the effectiveness of risk management, any significant failing or 
weaknesses in internal control that have been reported, the 
necessary actions that are being taken promptly to remedy 
any significant failings or weaknesses, and the effectiveness of 
the Group’s processes for financial reporting and Listing Rules 
compliance.

===== PAGE 99 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 97
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND 
SENIOR MANAGEMENT
The Directors’ remuneration is set out in Note 8 to the 
consolidated financial statements of this Annual Report.
Mr. Gao Wenbao is not be entitled to any salary for serving 
as the Chairman of the Board or any director’s fee or 
remuneration for his appointment as an executive Director. Mr. 
Su Ning is not entitled to any director’s fee or remuneration 
for his appointment as an executive Director but is entitled to 
remuneration to his appointment as the Chief Executive Officer 
of the Company.
Each of Mr. Shao, Mr. Jin and Mr. Meng has not entered into 
any service contract with the Company. The Company has 
entered into an appointment letter with each of them, pursuant 
to which each was appointed as a non-executive Director. The 
appointment for each of them is for a term of 3 years and is 
subject to retirement by rotation and re-election in accordance 
with the bye-laws of the Company. Each of them is entitled to 
an annual director’s fee of HK$200,000 which is determined 
by the RC and the Board with reference to each experience 
and the prevailing market director’s fees for non-executive 
directors. Mr. Shao, Mr. Jin and Mr. Meng have agreed to waive 
their respective annual director’s fee.
The remuneration paid to the members of the senior 
management (excluding directors) by bands in 2024 is set out 
below:
Remuneration Bands
Number of 
Individuals
HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000 4
HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000 3
HK$2,000,001 to HK$2,500,000 2
  
The RC and the Board have resolved to grant certain awarded 
shares to directors and employees of the Group for the long 
term development of the Group. For details of the grant, please 
refer to sections headed “Share Schemes and Directors’ and 
Chief Executives’ Right to Acquire Shares or Debentures” as set 
out in Report of the Directors for further information.
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
The remuneration committee of the Company (the “RC”) is 
responsible for setting and monitoring the remuneration policy 
for all Directors and senior management of the Group. The RC 
comprises Mr. Fung, Yuk Kan Peter (Chairman of the RC), Mr. 
Gao Wenbao, Ms. Ko Wing Yan, Samantha, Mr. Chu, Howard 
Ho Hwa and Mr. Pang Chunlin as at the date of this report. 
There are more than half of the members are Independent 
Non-executive Directors. The terms of reference of the RC 
are available at the websites of the Company and the Stock 
Exchange.
The roles and functions of the RC include consulting the 
Chairman of the Board about their remuneration proposals 
for other Executive Directors, making recommendation to the 
Board on the Company’s remuneration policy and structure for 
all Directors and senior management of the Group. The RC has 
adopted the approach under E.1.2(c) of the CG Code to make 
recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages 
of individual Executive Director and senior management of the 
Group.
The Company’s remuneration policy is to link remuneration 
packages for Executive Directors and key executives with the 
achievement of annual and long-term performance goals. By 
providing competitive and performance-linked compensation, 
the Company seeks to attract, motivate and retain key 
executives, which is essential to its long-term success.
The RC held 2 meetings in 2024. During the meetings, the 
RC reviewed the Company’s remuneration policy and fixed 
the remuneration packages for the directors and senior 
management of the Group. No change has been proposed 
to the remuneration policy and the Directors’ remuneration. 
The number of RC meetings held during the year and record 
of individual attendance of members, on a named basis, at 
the meeting held is set out in the section headed “BOARD OF 
DIRECTORS” above in this report.

===== PAGE 100 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited98
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY
The Board adopted the board diversity policy (the “Board 
Diversity Policy”) which to comply with the CG Code on board 
diversity. The Board Diversity Policy was adopted to ensure that 
diversity in its broadest sense continues to remain a feature of 
the Board. The NC’s assessment of the candidates includes, but 
is not limited to, consideration of the relevant knowledge and 
diversity of backgrounds, skills, experience and perspectives 
that would complement the existing Board. A summary of the 
Board Diversity Policy, together with the measurable objectives 
set for implementing it, and the progress made towards 
achieving those objectives are disclosed as below:
— Summary
The Company recognized and embraced the benefits of having 
a diverse board to the quality of its performance. The Board 
Diversity Policy aimed to set out the approach to achieve 
diversity on the board. In designing the board’s composition, 
board diversity has been considered from a number of 
measurable aspects including but not limited to gender, age, 
cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional 
experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. All Board 
appointments will be based on meritocracy, and candidates will 
be considered against objective criteria, having due regard for 
the benefits of diversity on the Board.
The Board currently comprises 8 male Directors and 1 female 
Director. The Board is of the view that the existing gender 
diversity in respect of the Board is sufficient, and that the Board 
Diversity Policy and the nomination policy of the Company can 
ensure that there will be a pipeline of potential successors 
to the Board which continues the existing gender diversity 
in the Board. The Company has also taken, and continues to 
take, steps to promote diversity at all levels of its workforce 
(including senior management). Opportunities for employment, 
training and career development are equally opened to all 
eligible employees without discrimination. Please refer to the 
Environment, Social and Governance Report of this annual 
report for details of our workforce.
NOMINATION COMMITTEE
The nomination committee of the Company (the “NC”) 
comprises Mr. Gao Wenbao (Chairman of the NC), Mr. Su 
Ning, Mr. Fung, Yuk Kan Peter, Mr. Chu, Howard Ho Hwa and 
Mr. Pang Chunlin as at the date of this report. Among those 
members of the NC, more than half of the members are 
Independent Non-executive Directors. The terms of reference 
of the NC are available at the websites of the Company and the 
Stock Exchange.
The roles and functions of the NC include reviewing the 
structure, size and composition of the Board at least annually, 
making recommendations on any proposed changes to the 
Board to complement the Company’s corporate strategy, 
identifying individuals suitably qualified to become members of 
the Board and selecting individuals nominated for directorship 
(if necessary), assessing the independence of the Independent 
Non-executive Directors and making recommendations to the 
Board on the appointment or re-appointment of directors and 
succession planning for the directors, in particular the Chairman 
of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer. New Directors 
are sought mainly through referrals. In evaluating whether an 
appointee is suitable to act as a Director of the Company, the 
Board will review the independence, experience and expertise 
of the appointee as well as personal ethics, integrity and time 
commitment of the appointee.
The NC held 1 meeting in 2024. Issues concerning the structure, 
size and composition of the Board and appointment of new 
directors were discussed and reviewed. The number of 
NC meetings held during the year and record of individual 
attendance of members, on a named basis, at the meetings 
held during is set out in the section headed “BOARD OF 
DIRECTORS” above in this report.

===== PAGE 101 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 99
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
— Reviewing
The Nomination Committee will review the Board Diversity 
Policy, as appropriate, to ensure its effectiveness. The 
Nomination Committee will discuss any revisions that may be 
required, and recommend any such revisions to the Board for 
consideration and approval.
The Board constitutes male and female directors, age of 
different group, knowledge from business development, 
auditing, accounting and finance, corporate finance, technology 
development, products, etc. and it is considered there is 
enough diversity.
The Board should review the implementation and effectiveness 
of the Board Diversity Policy on board diversity on an annual 
basis.
We target to maintain the current level of female representation 
on the Board as we considered the existing board composition 
to be sufficiently diverse.
We are also committed to diversity and inclusion at the 
workforce level, recruiting employees and summer interns from 
diverse backgrounds.
— Measurable objectives
Selection of candidates will be based on a range of diversity 
perspectives, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural 
and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, 
skills, knowledge, length of service and the amount of time 
and effort that candidates will devote to discharge their duties 
and responsibilities and, in the case of independent non-
executive director(s), the independence requirements set out in 
the Listing Rules (as amended from time to time). The ultimate 
decision will be based on merit and contribution that the 
selected candidates will bring to the Board. It will not consider 
diversity to be achieved for a single gender board. The Board’s 
composition will be disclosed in the Corporate Governance 
Report annually.
— Implementation and Monitoring
The Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing the 
structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge 
and experience) of the Board at least annually, taking into 
account the benefits of all relevant diversity aspects and 
making recommendations on any proposed changes to the 
Board to complement the Company’s corporate strategy. The 
Nomination Committee will report annually, in the Corporate 
Governance Report, on the Board’s composition under 
diversified perspectives, and monitor the implementation of the 
Board Diversity Policy.
8 1
3 3 3
3 5 1
Board composition proﬁle
No. of directors by gender
No. of directors by position
No. of directors by age
Skill, knowledge,
professional
and experience
Male
88.9% 11.1%Ratio
Female
Executive Directors Non-executive Directors Independent Non-executive Directors
Below 50 50–59 60 or above
Mainland China
industry and
exposure
Technological
knowledge
Securities and
capital market/
Investment
Business
administration/
Strategic management
Finance/Audit
Compliance/
Corporate
governance

===== PAGE 102 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited100
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
The general meetings of the Company provide an opportunity 
for communication between the shareholders of the Company 
and the Board. The Company holds an annual general meeting 
(“AGM”) every year, and may hold a general meeting known as 
a special general meeting (“SGM”) whenever necessary.
— Right to convene SGM
Members of the Company holding at the date of deposit of the 
requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid-up capital of the 
Company carrying the right of voting at general meetings of the 
Company shall at all times have the right, by written requisition 
sent to the Company’s registered office at Clarendon House, 
2 Church Street, Hamilton HM11, Bermuda (the “Registered 
Office”) or its principal office at Units A–F, 35/F., Legend Tower, 
No. 7 Shing Yip Street, Kwun Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong (the 
“Principal Office”), for the attention of the company secretary 
of the Company, to require a SGM to be called by the Board for 
the transaction of any business specified in such requisition; 
and such meeting shall be held within two months after the 
deposit of such requisition.
The written requisition must state the purposes of the general 
meeting, signed by the member(s) concerned and may consist 
of several documents in like form, each signed by one or more 
of those members.
If the requisition is in order, the company secretary of the 
Company will ask the Board to convene a SGM by serving 
sufficient notice in accordance with the statutory requirements 
to all the registered members. On the contrary, if the requisition 
is invalid, the members concerned will be advised of this 
outcome and accordingly, a SGM will not be convened as 
requested.
Such special general meeting shall be held within two months 
after the deposit of such requisition. If within twenty-one 
days of such deposit the Board fails to proceed to convene 
such meeting, the requisitionists themselves may convene 
a special general meeting in form of a physical meeting, and 
all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionists as a 
result of the failure of the Board would be reimbursed to the 
requisitionists by the Company.
INVESTMENT COMMITTEE
The investment committee of the Company (the “IC”) is 
established to source, review (including exit) and select 
appropriate investment projects to achieve the Group’s 
advancement and transformation strategy. The IC is also 
responsible for the examine of the investment management 
risk policies, research of the Group’s capital policies and major 
financing plans. The IC comprises 9 members, including Mr. Gao 
Wenbao (Chairman of the IC), Ms. Ko Wing Yan, Samantha and 
Mr. Su Ning, and other management of the Company .
The IC held 5 meetings in 2024 in which the IC reviewed 
investment and exit proposals, plant/office expansion and 
business development. The number of IC meetings held during 
the year and record of individual attendance of members 
(who is a director of the Company), on a named basis, at the 
meetings held during is set out in the section headed “BOARD 
OF DIRECTORS” above in this report.
The Board has approved and authorized the IC to make 
decisions on investment projects with the authorization limits 
and period.
The terms of reference and operating rules of the Investment 
Committee was adopted and effective on 11 July 2022.
COMPANY SECRETARY
Mr. Chung Kai Cheong was appointed as the Company 
Secretary of the Company in April 2022. The Company 
Secretary is responsible for that board procedures comply with 
applicable laws, rules and regulations and advising the Board 
on corporate governance and other matters. The Company 
Secretary reports to the Board through the Chairman whilst all 
Directors have rights to access to the advice and service of the 
Company Secretary. The biographical details of Mr. Chung are 
set out under the section head “Board of Directors and Senior 
Management” in this Annual Report.
Mr. Chung has taken no less than 15 hours of relevant 
professional training during the financial year ended 31 
December 2024 and has complied with the requirement as set 
out in Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.

===== PAGE 103 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 101
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
have failed to deposit sufficient money to meet the Company’s 
expenses for the said purposes, the member(s) concerned 
will be advised of this outcome and accordingly, the proposed 
resolution will not be included in the agenda for the AGM; or the 
statement will not be circulated for the shareholders’ meeting.
The procedures for shareholders of the Company to propose 
a person for election as a director is posted on the Company’s 
website.
INVESTOR RELATIONS
The Company has adopted a shareholders’ communication 
policy with the objective of ensuring that the shareholders 
of the Company and stakeholders will have equal and timely 
access to information about the Company. The Group adhere 
to the best practice in information disclosure in terms of 
accuracy, transparency and consistency. We are committed to 
maintaining highly honest, sincere and effective communication 
with the financial community and other stakeholders.
The Company will make the Corporate Communications 
available on its website (www.boevx.com) and the Stock 
Exchange’s website (www.hkexnews.hk).
A notice of publication of the website version of Corporate 
Communications, in both English and Chinese, will be sent 
by the Company to the Shareholders by email or by post (if 
the Company does not possess the functional email address 
of the Shareholder) on the publication date of the Corporate 
Communications at the election of the Shareholder.
The Group aimed to have proactive and timely communications 
with investor regarding the market and industry development, 
impact and corresponding measures of the Group. Our 
goals are to deepen investors’ understanding of the Group’s 
strategies, and through the effective communication, we are 
able to raise the quality of our management and to maximize 
the Group’s value.
The Company has reviewed the implementation and 
effectiveness of the shareholders’ communication policy 
conducted during the year and believes that the current 
communication policy has been effective at maintaining 
clear and timely communication with its shareholders and 
stakeholders.
— Right to put enquiries to the Board
Members of the Company do not generally have any right to put 
forward enquiries to the Board. There is no procedure set out 
in the Bermuda Companies Act 1981 or in the Bye-Laws of the 
Company available for any member to put forward an enquiry 
to the Board. A member of the Company may, of course, at 
any time write to the Board and it is up to the Board to decide 
whether or not to entertain any request made by a member of 
the Company.
Members of the Company who have enquiries about the above 
procedures or have enquiries to put to the Board may write 
to the company secretary of the Company at Units A–F, 35/F., 
Legend Tower, No. 7 Shing Yip Street, Kwun Tong, Kowloon, 
Hong Kong.
— Right to put forward proposals at 
shareholders’ meetings 
Member(s) of the Company holding (i) not less than one-
twentieth of the total voting rights of all members having 
the right to vote at the shareholders’ meeting; or (ii) not less 
than 100 members, can submit a written request stating the 
resolution intended to be moved at an AGM; or a statement of 
not more than 1,000 words with respect to the matter referred 
to in any proposed resolution or the business to be dealt with at 
a particular shareholders’ meeting.
The written request/statements must be signed by the 
member(s) concern and deposited at the Registered Office or 
the Principal Office, for the attention of the company secretary 
of the Company, not less than six weeks before the AGM in the 
case of a requisition requiring notice of a resolution and not less 
than one week before the shareholders’ meeting in the case of 
any other requisition.
If the written request is in order, the company secretary of the 
Company will ask the Board (i) to include the resolution in the 
agenda for an AGM; or (ii) to circulate the statement for the 
shareholders’ meeting, provided that the member(s) concerned 
have deposited a sum of money reasonably determined by the 
Board sufficient to meet the Company’s expenses in serving 
the notice of the resolution and/or circulating the statement 
submitted by the member(s) concerned in accordance with the 
statutory requirements to all the registered members. On the 
contrary, if the requisition is invalid or the member(s) concerned 

===== PAGE 104 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited102
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
Mr. Gao concluded the meeting with the statement “Honoring 
the past and embracing the future,” emphasizing the 
importance of adopting a “long-termism” perspective to 
increase investment in new technologies and overseas markets. 
Under the strategic synergy between the BOE Group and the 
Company, the Company aims to steadily advance towards 
the vision of becoming a “global leader in automotive and 
industrial display solutions.” Through a robust profit model, 
high-quality products, and pragmatic smart development paths, 
the Company strives to create greater value for investors and 
society. Additionally, Mr. Gao introduced enhancement in 
the Company’s “5V” strategic: Vehicle (focus on automotive 
scenarios), Volume (scale-driven growth), Value (value creation 
upgrade), Victory (competitive winning path), and Vision (long-
term development goals), to realize the Company’s own value 
elevation and empower industry and business partner value 
growth.
PROTECTION OF THE RIGHTS OF THE 
INVESTORS
BOEVx places a high premium on information disclosure and 
investor relations management. We publish interim and annual 
result reports as well as circulate other announcements where 
necessary. The Company communicates with investors on a 
periodic basis and actively shares the investors’ suggestions 
and feedback about the Company’s products, operations 
and governance with internal teams so as to maximize the 
protection of the investors’ rights.
Various on-line and off-line communication formats and 
channels are adopted by the Group, such as announcement, 
shareholders’ meeting, video or voice conferences, seller-
side organized off-line seminar and non-deal roadshow etc. to 
communicate with various stakeholders such as analysts, retail 
and institutional investors. These communication channels 
served to reinforce understanding and trust between the Group 
and the capital market. Meanwhile our management also 
gained better knowledge of the expectations and demands from 
the capital market on the Group. We will seriously consider 
and put into practice all constructive suggestions. In 2024, 
the Group participated in more than 100 investor relations’ 
events, including but not limited to, post-results roadshows, 
self-organized investor day, seller-side organized investor 
conferences/corporate days, individual/group meetings and 
conference calls. Currently, there are 14 equity research 
analysts actively covering the Group.
The AGM is an important opportunity for communicating with 
shareholders. The Company’s Chairman, Directors, senior 
management and the external auditors are available at the AGM 
to answer questions from shareholders of the Company. The 
chairmen of the audit, remuneration, nomination and any other 
committees (as appropriate) are invited to attend. The chairman 
of the independent board committee and senior management (if 
applicable) is/are available to answer questions at any general 
meeting to approve a connected transaction or any other 
transaction that requires independent shareholders’ approval.
2024 ANNUAL RESULTS 
CONFERENCE
On March 27, 2025, the Company hosted its first on-site annual 
results conference in Shenzhen, fostering closer interaction 
with investors and enhancing their understanding of the 
Group. Executive Director and the Chairman Mr. Gao Wenbao, 
Executive Director and CEO Mr. Su Ning, together with CFO 
and Company Secretary Mr. Chung Kai Cheong presented the 
annual results and business development of 2024, and unveiled 
the core annual strategy of fostering “Twin Engines” fast growth 
through both automotive and industrial businesses, and a 
three-year value enhancement plan. The management team 
actively and patiently responded to enthusiastic questions from 
investors and media, providing comprehensive and practical 
answers.


===== PAGE 105 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 103
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
The third time we 
participated in 
CES, to show the 
innovative power 
of our products to 
the world.
The /f_irst quality 
conference was 
held, together 
with the upstream 
partners to 
improve quality 
performance.
Released the /f_irst 
PRC smart cockpit 
through-display 
and two-wheeler 
smart 
classi/f_ication 
standard.
Won the best 
supplier awards 
from Changan, 
BYD, Li Auto, 
Dongfeng and 
other vehicle 
manufacturers.
Highlights
Comprehensively showcasing the solid foundation of the Company’s intelligent cockpit, the leading 
global intelligent cockpit display technology, as well as innovative application scenarios for the 
future-oriented “HERO” cockpit intelligent interaction. Through extensive media coverage and wide-
spread dissemination across the Internet, it has gained broad, in-depth, and precise communication 
effects and attracted high attention.
• Group public account/video account
• Group cooperative media
• Company official website
• Cooperation with third-party institutions
• The Company’s own WeChat public
 account platform
• Related display/smart cockpit/cooperation
 with automotive industry professional media
News
Release
Video/
Live Stream/
Media Event/
Interview
Promotional
Poster
Stock
Investment
Financial
Statements
KOL
Check-in
PUBLIC RELATIONS MEDIA COMMUNICATION FORMS AND CHANNELS

===== PAGE 106 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited104
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


===== PAGE 107 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 105
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
Exhibition/Innovation Day
1 CES 2024
2 2024 Beijing International 
Automotive Exhibition
3 2024 Supply Quality 
Conference
4 2024 Society for Information 
Display’s display week
5 Hongqi E-HS9’s smart cockpit 
shine at Frankfurt Airport
6 International Display 
Technology and Application 
Innovation Exhibition
1
4
7
10
2
5
8
3
6
9
7 2024 World Conference on 
Innovation and Development in 
the Display Industry
8 The 6th Supply Chain 
Innovation Technology 
Exhibition
9 Chengdu Automotive Show
10 2024 NavInfo New User 
Conference

===== PAGE 108 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited106
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
Forum
Launch of new products
1 2
4
3
1 Beijing China-Germany Forum 
for Industrial Cooperation and 
Development
2 International New Energy and 
Intelligent Connected Vehicle 
Innovation Ecology Congress 
(CIEV 2024)
3 2024 3rd Automotive 
Intelligent Cockpit and 
Display Technology Forum
4 2024 9th Shenzhen 
International Vehicle 
Display and Intelligent 
Cockpit Summit Forum
1
4
7
2
5
3
6
1 ZEEKR 001
2 Chery iCAR 03
3 Leapmotor C10
4 Fengxing Xinghai V9
5 AIC JiFox Alpha S5
6 Chery Exeed Stellar C-DM
7 Xiaopeng Huitian explores 
low-altitude economy

===== PAGE 109 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 107
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
1 Chery Collaborative Innovation 
Special Contribution Award
2 Changan Automobile Strategic 
Partnership Award
3 GAC Aion Outstanding 
Collaboration Award
4 NETA Outstanding 
Collaboration Award
5 Xiaopeng Outstanding Supplier 
Award
6 Hangsheng Group Special 
Contribution Award
7 The Telematics Industry 
Application Alliance (TIAA)
8 2024 Top 100 Automotive 
Supply Chain
9 Taxonomy of Smart Riding 
for motorcycle and moped 
— Honorary award for 
participating units
10 Li Auto Win-Win Cooperation 
Award
11 BYD Special Contribution 
Award
12 The 9th China Auto Parts 
Annual Contribution Award 
Lingxuan Award
13 Top 10 Brands in China’s 
Intelligent Cockpit Industry 
in 2024
14 Typical Innovation Case 
for Guangdong Province 
Enterprises in 2024
15 Xiaopeng Business Partner 
Award
16 The Oversized Oxide Smart 
Cockpit — DIC AWARD 
2024 International Display 
Technology Innovation Award
17 GAC Technology Innovation 
Award
1
7
 8
4
5
6
2
3
13
11
10
17
12
15
 16
Honours and Awards
14
9

===== PAGE 110 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited108
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
MAJOR PUBLICITY EVENTS IN 2024
 Exhibitions/Talks/Seminars
BOEVx made appearance at CES2024, 
collaborating with partners to shape the 
future of smart mobility
Exciting highlights as BOEVx shines at 
DIC 2024, empowering a better travel 
experience through smart displays
Partnering with collaborators at the 
Beijing Automotive Exhibition, BOEVx 
leads the new trend in smart cockpit
Embracing the new and steering towards 
the future, BOEVx showcases at the 
Hongqi Innovation Technology Exhibition
BOEVx 2024 Supplier Quality Conference 
was grandly held, marking a new chapter 
for high-quality development in the 
automotive display industry
BOEVx recognized as one of the top 100 
automotive supply chains in China for 
2024, showcasing its leading capabilities 
in driving the future development of 
smart vehicle connectivity
BOEVx collaborate with SemiDrive to 
create a “One Chip, Multiple Screens” 
smart cabin, showcasing a new 
interconnected ecosystem at the Beijing 
Automotive Exhibition
BOEVx made its presence known at the 
Chengdu Automotive Show, partnering 
with collaborators to create a new driving 
and riding experience
BOEVx collaborate with Yanfeng 
International to reshape the momentum 
for upgrading automotive display 
technology
BOEVx participate in the formulation of 
the industry’s first taxonomy standard 
for smart two-wheel vehicles, which has 
officially been released
“Within Reach, Illuminating the Future” 
| BOEVx shines at the Beijing China-
Germany forum for Industrial Cooperation 
and Development
BOEVx make a notable appearance at 
C-Touch & Display Shenzhen and is 
invited to speak at the summit forum
BOEVx showcase innovative automotive 
display products and solutions at the 
2024 International Display Week, leading 
the future of automotive technology
BOEVx win the Lingxuan Award once 
again, with its integrated smart display for 
vehicles setting the trend in automotive 
technology
BOEVx is invited to participate in the CIEV 
Forum to discuss the new blueprint for 
the development of smart cockpits
BOEVx’s high-quality automotive 
electronics project has been successfully 
selected as a typical innovation case for 
Guangdong province enterprises
BOEVx make an appearance at the 
2024 World Display Industry Innovation 
Development Conference
BOEVx is invited to participate in the DIC 
Forum, exploring the exciting future of 
automotive displays


===== PAGE 111 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 109
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
 Collaborations
BOEVx has been awarded GAC Aion 
Outstanding Collaboration Award, 
collaborating to create an enhanced 
travel experience
BOEVx empower AIC JiFox Alpha S5 with 
AR-HUD technology, ushering in a new 
era of smart driving
BOEVx has been awarded NETA 
Outstanding Collaboration Award, jointly 
creating a new chapter in intelligent 
mobility
Clearly Intelligent, Seamlessly Enjoyable 
| BOEVx once again partners with Chery 
Exeed Stellar to create a smart cockpit
BOEVx support the upgrade of the new 
luxury cockpit for the ZEEKR 001
Win-Win Collaboration: BOEVx Teams Up 
with Chery to establish a joint innovation 
display laboratory
BOEVx empower the Chery iCAR 
03, integrating aesthetic beauty and 
enhanced driving experience in the 
cabin
A New Era of Future Mobility — BOEVx 
Partners with Xiaopeng Huitian explores 
low-altitude economy
BOEVx collaborate with Leapmotor’s new 
series of vehicles, creating an exceptional 
cabin with high-standard display 
assemblies
A New Starting Point for Collaboration | 
BOEVx Partners with NavInfo to Lead a 
Bright Future in Smart Mobility
BOEVx support the launch of Fengxing 
Xinghai V9, integrating a triple-screen 
technology to create an immersive smart 
driving experience
We are grateful to all stakeholders for their remarkable support. 
If you have any questions or comments with regards to our 
work, please contact us at investor@boevx.com. All questions 
or comments will be replied to the extent permitted by 
applicable laws, regulations and the Listing Rules.
CHANGE OF CONSTITUTIONAL 
DOCUMENT
During the year ended 31 December 2024, there had been no 
change in the Company’s constitutional documents.


===== PAGE 112 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited110
REPORT OF
THE DIRECTORS
The Directors have pleasure in submitting herewith their report 
together with the audited financial statements of the Group for 
the year ended 31 December 2024.
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND 
BUSINESS REVIEW
The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The 
Group is principally engaged in the automotive and industrial 
display business and has monochrome display manufacturing 
capacity and TFT module assembly capacity. Since its 
incorporation, the Company has been combining scientific 
and technological research, innovative product design, flexible 
product specifications and efficient manufacturing for many 
applications, including automotive components, industrial and 
consumer products, also providing complete display solutions 
for its customers. In addition to supplying standard products, 
the Group also provides tailor-made LCDs (liquid crystal 
display) and modules for the specific needs of its customers. 
Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries set out in 
Note 15(a) to the financial statements of this Annual Report. 
Further discussion and analysis of the Group’s activities as 
required by Schedule 5 to the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 
622 of The Laws of Hong Kong), including a discussion of the 
principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group, an indication 
of likely future developments in the Group’s business and an 
analysis using financial key performance indicators, can be 
found in Chairman’s Statement on pages 5 to 17, Management 
Discussion and Analysis on pages 18 to 21, Review of 
Operations on pages 22 to 27, Environmental, Social and 
Governance Report on pages 28 to 83, and Notes 28(e) and 29 
to the financial statements of this Annual Report.
A discussion on the Group’s key relationships with its 
stakeholders, environmental policies and performance, and its 
compliance with the relevant laws and regulations that have a 
significant impact on the Group is contained in Environmental, 
Social and Governance Report on pages 28 to 83 of this Annual 
Report. These discussions form part of this Directors’ Report.
The analysis of the principal activities, revenue by location of 
sourcing decision of customers during the financial year are 
set out in Notes 4 and 12(b) to the financial statements of this 
Annual Report.
SUBSIDIARIES
Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries as at 
31 December 2024 are set out in Note 15(a) to the financial 
statements.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024 
and the state of affairs of the Company and the Group at that 
date are set out in the financial statements on pages 135 to 194 
of this Annual Report.
DIVIDEND AND DIVIDEND POLICY
The Board has recommended declaring a final dividend of 17.0 
HK cents (2023: 19.0 HK cents) per share, representing a total 
of 17.0 HK cents (2023: 19.0 HK cents) per share for the year 
ended 2024.
The Board has approved and adopted a dividend policy on 1 
January 2019 (the “Dividend Policy”). Under the Dividend Policy, 
subject to compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations 
and the bye-laws of the Company, the Company intends to 
maintain a stable dividend policy in future with a dividend 
payout ratio of not less than 30%. The Dividend Policy will 
continue to be reviewed from time to time and there can be no 
assurance that dividends will be paid in any particular amount 
for any given period. The determination to pay dividends in 
the future will be made at the discretion of the Board and will 
be based on the profits, cash flows, financial condition, capital 
requirements and other conditions that the Board deems 
relevant. The payment of dividends may be limited by legal 
restrictions and agreements that the Company may enter into 
in the future.
The Group has no change in the Dividend Policy for the year 
ended 2024.
ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 
(“AGM”)
The AGM will be held on Wednesday, 25 June 2025. The notice 
of AGM will be published and despatched to the shareholders 
of the Company in the manner as required by the Listing Rules 
in due course.

===== PAGE 113 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 111
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
RESERVES
Details of movements in reserves of the Company during the 
year are set out in Note 28(a) to the financial statements. Details 
of movements in reserves of the Group during the year are set 
out in the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity.
BANK LOANS
The Group has bank loan of HK$376 million as at 31 December 
2024 (2023: HK$620 million).
CAPITALISATION OF INTEREST
No interest was capitalised by the Group during the year.
FIVE YEAR SUMMARY
A summary of the results and the assets and liabilities of the 
Group for the last five financial years is set out on page 195 of 
this Annual Report.
COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND 
REGULATIONS
The Group recognises the importance of the compliance 
with the laws and regulations in commercial activities that 
domicile, and the failure to comply could result in serious 
risk and consequences. The Group has reasonably allocated 
legal, corporate governance, financial and human resources, 
in particular, the setting up of the compliance and risk 
management team, to ensure ongoing compliance with 
respective requirements of the laws and regulations and the 
policies. Meanwhile, the Group maintains good relationships 
with Government regulators through effective communication. 
During the year under review, to the best of our knowledge, the 
Group has complied with the following salient PRC laws and 
regulations, namely the Foreign Investment Law, the Company 
Law, the Environmental Protection Law, Control of Foreign 
Exchange Regulations and other relevant laws and regulations.
The Group is also committed to the compliance with the 
following salient laws and regulations in Hong Kong, including 
but not limited to the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of 
the Laws of Hong Kong), the Listing Rules, the Securities and 
Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) 
and has been working with external professionals to develop 
internal guidelines and educating its employees so as to ensure 
that the Group and its employees will adopt business practices 
that are compliant with the relevant laws from time to time.
CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF 
MEMBERS
The register of members of the Company will be closed from 
Thursday, 19 June 2025 to Wednesday, 25 June 2025 (both 
days inclusive), during which period no transfer of shares 
will be registered. In order to be eligible to attend and vote 
at the forthcoming AGM, all transfers of shares accompanied 
by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the 
Company’s Hong Kong branch share registrar and transfer 
office, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited 
(“Computershare”), of Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell 
Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong not later 
than 4:30 p.m. on Wednesday, 18 June 2025.
Subject to the shareholders approving the recommended 
final dividend at the AGM of the Company, such dividend will 
be payable on or around Friday, 18 July 2025 to shareholders 
whose names appear on the register of members of the 
Company on Friday, 11 July 2025. To determine eligibility for 
the final dividend, the register of members of the Company 
will be closed from Tuesday, 8 July 2025 to Friday, 11 July 
2025 (both days inclusive), during which period no shares can 
be registered. In order to qualify for the aforementioned final 
dividend, all transfers of shares accompanied by the relevant 
share certificates must be lodged with Computershare, of 
Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s 
Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on 
Monday, 7 July 2025.
SHARE CAPITAL AND SHARE 
SCHEMES
Details of the movements in the share capital and share scheme 
of the Company during the year are set out in Note 28(c) and 27 
respectively to the financial statements.
CHARITABLE DONATIONS
Charitable donations made by the Group during the year 
amounted to HK$87,373 (2023: HK$83,172).
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Movements in property, plant and equipment during the year 
are set out in Note 13 to the financial statements.

===== PAGE 114 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited112
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND 
SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, 
UNDERLYING SHARES AND 
DEBENTURES
As at 31 December 2024, the interests of the Directors and chief 
executive of the Company and their associates in the shares, 
underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its 
associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the 
Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)), as required to be 
notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to 
Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and 
short positions which they are taken or deemed to have under 
such provisions of the SFO), as recorded in the register required 
to be maintained by the Company under Section 352 of the SFO 
or as required, pursuant to the Model Code to be notified to the 
Company and the Stock Exchange were as follows:
(A)(I)  INTERESTS IN SHARES OF THE 
COMPANY AS AT 31 DECEMBER 
2024
Name of Director Capacity
Number of 
shares in the 
Company held
Approximate 
percentage of 
the total issued 
share capital of 
the Company
(Note 2)
Ko Wing Yan,  
 Samantha
Personal 
Interest
1,422,800 0.1797%
Su Ning Personal 
Interest
1,566,200 0.1979%
Fung, Yuk Kan Peter Personal 
Interest
242,000 0.0306%
Chu, Howard Ho Hwa  
 (Note 1)
Personal 
Interest
139,000 0.0176%
Pang Chunlin Personal 
Interest
12,000 0.0015%
Notes:
1. Mr. Chu, Howard Ho Hwa purchased 49,000 shares on 23 August  
2024.
2. Calculated based on the Company’s total number of issued share 
capital of 791,575,204 shares as at 31 December 2024.
3. The above interest represented long positions.
ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND 
PERFORMANCE
The Group follows the principle to behave ethically and 
responsibly in daily operation to fulfill its environmental and 
social responsibilities. The Group has obtained ISO 9001 
(Quality Control System), ISO 45001 (Occupational Health 
and Safety Management System), ISO 14001 (Environmental 
Management Systems) and etc. to govern environmental, 
social and governance related aspect of its operations. The 
Group has not noted any material incompliance with relevant 
laws and regulations in relation to its business including 
health and safety, workplace conditions, employment and the 
environment. Further details of the Group’s environmental 
policies and performance is disclosed in the Environmental, 
Social and Governance Report of this Annual Report.
DIRECTORS
The Directors during the financial year and up to the latest 
practicable date of this Annual Report were:
EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS:
Mr. Gao Wenbao (Chairman)
Ms. Ko Wing Yan, Samantha
Mr. Su Ning
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS:
Mr. Shao Xibin
Mr. Jin Hao
Mr. Meng Chao
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTORS:
Mr. Fung, Yuk Kan Peter
Mr. Chu, Howard Ho Hwa
Mr. Pang Chunlin
In accordance with bye-law 84 of the Company, Mr. Gao 
Wenbao, Mr. Su Ning and Mr. Fung, Yuk Kan Peter will retire by 
rotation at the forthcoming annual general meeting (the “AGM”). 
All the above-mentioned retiring Directors, being eligible, will 
offer themselves for re-election at the AGM.
DIRECTORS OF SUBSIDIARIES
List of directors of subsidiaries of the Company during the 
year and up to the date of this report is kept at the Company’s 
principal place of business.

===== PAGE 115 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 113
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
Other than the aforesaid and as disclosed under the section 
headed “Share Schemes and Directors’ and Chief Executives’ 
Rights to Acquire Shares or Debentures” below, as at 31 
December 2024, none of the Directors, chief executives or any 
of their associates had any interests or short positions in the 
shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or 
any of its associated corporations as recorded in the register 
required to be kept under Section 352 of Part XV of the SFO or 
as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange 
pursuant to the Model Code.
BASIS OF DETERMINING 
REMUNERATION TO DIRECTORS
The Remuneration Committee considers and recommends 
to the Board on the remuneration and other benefits paid by 
the Company to the Directors by reference to the Company’s 
results, individual duties, responsibilities and performance and 
prevailing market conditions. The remuneration of all Directors 
is subject to monitoring by the Remuneration Committee to 
ensure that the levels of their remuneration are appropriate.
SHARE SCHEMES AND DIRECTORS’ 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ RIGHTS TO 
ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
(B)  SHARE AWARD PLAN
Purpose
On 28 August 2020 (the “Adoption Date”), the Company 
adopted a share award plan. The terms of the share award 
plan are in accordance with the provisions of Chapter 17 of 
the Listing Rules. The purposes of the share award plan are to 
recognise and reward the contribution of the participants, to 
give incentives to the participants in order to retain them for 
the continual operation and development of the Group and to 
attract suitable personnel for further development of the Group.
Participant
Participant(s) refers to the Group’s and invested entity’s 
employees, directors and adviser, and any other group or 
classes of participants who have contributed or may contribute 
by way of joint venture, business alliance or other business 
arrangement to the development and growth of the Group.
(A)(II)  INTERESTS IN SHARES OF BOE 
TECHNOLOGY GROUP CO., 
LTD. (“BOE”) (AN ASSOCIATED 
CORPORATION) AS AT 31 
DECEMBER 2024 (NOTE 1)
Name of Director Capacity
Number of A 
shares in BOE 
held
Approximate 
percentage of 
the total issued 
share capital 
of BOE 
(Note 6)
Gao Wenbao Personal 
Interest
1,860,700
(Note 2)
0.0049%
Su Ning Personal 
Interest
150,000 0.0004%
Shao Xibin Personal 
Interest
342,820
(Note 3)
0.0009%
Jin Hao Personal 
Interest
189,750
(Note 4)
0.0005%
Meng Chao Personal 
Interest
537,500
(Note 5)
0.0014%
Notes:
1. BOE holds 419,730,000 shares of the Company, representing 53.02% 
of the issued share capital of the Company. The shares of BOE are 
listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange with stock code 000725 for its 
A shares and stock code 200725 for its B shares.
2. On 21 December 2020, BOE granted 1,500,000 shares to Mr. Gao  
under the 2020 share option and restricted share incentive scheme.
3. On 21 December 2020, BOE granted 634,000 shares to Mr. Shao under 
the 2020 share option and restricted share incentive scheme. In April 
and October 2024, 135,560 shares and 209,220 shares were disposed 
respectively.
4. On 21 December 2020, BOE granted 575,000 shares to Mr. Jin under  
the 2020 share option and restricted share incentive scheme. In April 
2024, 189,750 shares were disposed.
5. On 21 December 2020, BOE granted 487,500 shares to Mr. Meng  
under the 2020 share option and restricted share incentive scheme.
6. Calculated based on BOE’s total number of issued share capital of  
37,645,016,203 shares as at 31 December 2024.
7. All the interests disclosed above represent long positions.

===== PAGE 116 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited114
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
Maximum Entitlement of Each Participant
The maximum number of shares to be subscribed for and/or 
purchased for the share award plan shall not exceed 10.00% of 
the total number of issued shares of the Company (excluding 
treasury shares) as at the Adoption Date.
The maximum number of shares which may be subject to an 
award or awards to a selected participant shall not in aggregate 
exceed 1.00% of the total number of issued shares of the 
Company (excluding treasury shares) as at the Adoption Date.
Minimum Vesting Period
The Board may from time to time considered the performance 
target which must be achieved and minimum period for which 
the awarded share must be held before they are vested.
On 22 March 2024, a total of 2,047,000 awarded shares 
(representing 0.26%* of the issued shares capital of the 
Company) to the selected participants pursuant to the share 
award plan. The vesting period and performance target are 
disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 24 March 
2024. The number of the awarded shares granted is determined 
based on the selected participants’ position, years of service, 
performance and future long-term contribution to the Group. 
Talent development and reserve are very important to the 
future development of the Company. In addition to providing 
competitive salaries, the Group also grants long-term incentives 
to (a) recognise and reward the contribution of the selected 
participants to the growth and development of the Group 
and to give incentives thereto in order to retain them for the 
continual operation and development of the Group; and (b) 
to attract suitable personnel for further development and 
improve competitiveness of the Group. Through long-term 
incentives for the selected participants could align the interests 
of the selected participants with that of the shareholders 
of the Company effectively, which is expected to have a 
positive impact on the market value of the Group. As such, the 
Company’s remuneration committee holds the view that the 
grant of the awarded shares, including the vesting periods are 
fair and reasonable and consistent with the purposes of the 
share award plan.
Total Number of Shares Available for Grant 
(Excluding Treasury Shares)
During the year under review, 1,800,000 shares of the 
Company (representing 0.23%* of the issued share capital of 
the Company) were purchased on the Stock Exchange at a 
total consideration of approximately HK$9,172,000 (including 
purchase price of HK$9,153,000 and transaction costs of 
HK$19,000). Total accumulated number of shares of the 
Company purchased is 14,173,000 (representing 1.79%* of the 
issued shares capital of the Company) under the share award 
plan.
On 22 March 2024, the Board has granted a total of 2,047,000 
awarded shares (representing 0.26%* of the issued shares 
capital of the Company) to the certain selected participants, 
comprising to 5 Directors and certain employees of the Group, 
pursuant to the share award plan.
The total number of awarded shares that was purchased 
and remain available for grant (excluding treasury shares) is 
2,491,000 and 2,407,100 as of 1 January and 31 December 2024, 
representing 0.31%* and 0.30%* of the issued share capital of 
the Company respectively. The total number of awarded shares 
available for grant (excluding treasury shares) is 2,407,100 as of 
the latest practicable date of this annual report, representing 
0.30%^ of the issued share capital of the Company.
At the end of the financial year of 2024, after deducting the 
2,047,000 awarded shares granted on 22 March 2024, the total 
number of awarded shares that can be granted was 2,407,100 
(representing 0.30%* of the issued share capital of the 
Company) based on the accumulated number of shares of the 
Company purchased in so far and was 61,587,520 (representing 
7.78%* of the issued share capital of the Company) based on 
the maximum number of awarded shares that can be granted 
at the Adoption Date (excluding treasury shares).
The Company does not issue any number of shares in respect 
of awards granted under the share award plan during the year. 
The number of shares that may be issued in respect of awards 
granted under the share award plan during the year divided by 
the weighted average number of shares of the relevant class in 
issue (excluding treasury shares) for the year is nil.
* Calculated based on the Company’s total number of issued share 
capital of 791,575,204 shares as at 31 December 2024.
^ Calculated based on the Company’s total number of issued share 
capital of 791,575,204 shares as at the latest practicable date (i.e. 31 
March 2025).

===== PAGE 117 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 115
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
Payment on Acceptance of the Awarded 
Shares
Consideration of the awarded shares granted is nil. The 
participants are required to submit to the Company a duly 
signed offer letter.
Basis of Determining the Purchase Price
The shares may be purchased on the Stock Exchange at the 
prevailing market price (subject to such maximum price as 
may be from time to time prescribed by the Board), or off the 
market. In the event that any purchases, the purchase price 
for such purchases shall not be higher than the lower of the 
following: (i) the closing market price on the date of such 
purchase, and (ii) the average closing market price for the five 
preceding trading days on which the shares were traded on the 
Stock Exchange.
Awarded Share Period and Remaining Life
The share award plan shall be valid and effective for a period 
of 10 years commencing from the Adoption Date and as at 31 
December 2024, the share award plan has a remaining life of up 
to 27 August 2030, but may be terminated earlier as determined 
by the Board.
Subject to the share award plan, the trust deed and the 
fulfilment of the vesting conditions as set out in the grant notice 
to each selected participant, the awarded shares held by the 
trustee shall vest in the respective selected participant, and 
the trustee shall cause the awarded shares to be transferred to 
such selected participant on the vesting date.
The trustee shall not exercise the voting rights in respect of the 
awarded shares held under trust constituted by the trust deed. 
The selected participants shall not have any right to receive any 
awarded shares set aside for them unless and until the trustee 
has transferred and vested the legal and beneficial ownership 
of such awarded shares to and in the selected participants.
Performance Target
The vesting of the awarded shares is subject to the fulfilment of 
certain performance targets and other requirements as set out 
in the grant notice to be entered into between the Company 
and each selected participant. The performance targets shall 
include: financial targets (such as net profit after tax for the 
year of the Group and management/business targets (such as 
productivity, quality, research and development ability, client 
satisfaction etc.) which shall be determined based on the (i) 
individual performance; (ii) performance of the Group and/or 
(iii) performance of business groups, business units, business 
lines, functional departments, projects and/or geographical 
area managed by the selected participants. In case the vesting 
conditions are not satisfied in part or in full, the relevant portion 
of the award shares granted would lapse.
Clawback Mechanism
(i) The Board has an absolute discretion to determine any 
terms and conditions of the grant of the awarded shares 
and withdraw the awarded shares.
(ii) T he grant of the awarded shares shall become invalid 
immediately if the selected participant resigns or if his/
her employment contract is terminated.
(iii) The selected participant should keep the share award  
plan confidential. If the selected participant is found to 
disclose or discuss with others, the Company reserves 
the right to cancel the selected participant’s eligibility for 
the share award plan.
(iv) The selected participant shall  comply with the compliance 
requirement as required by, including but not limited to, 
The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, Security and 
Future Commission, Company Ordinance, tax authorities 
and rules and regulation of the Company and/or its 
affiliates. The Company reserves the right to cancel the 
selected participant’s eligibility for the share award plan 
or lock up the selected participant’s vested shares if the 
selected participant has failed to comply with the above 
requirements. Any unvested award shares shall be lapsed 
and cancelled immediately.

===== PAGE 118 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited116
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
Movements in the Company’s awarded shares during the year are as follows:
Category Date of grant
Number of 
awarded 
shares 
yet to be 
vested as at 
1 January 
2024
Number of 
awarded 
shares 
granted 
during 
the year
Number of 
awarded 
shares 
vested 
during 
the year
Number of 
awarded 
shares 
cancelled/
lapsed during 
the year
Number of 
awarded shares 
yet to be 
vested as at 
31 December 
2024 Vesting date
Closing price 
of per awarded 
share at the 
dates of grant 
of awarded 
shares
Closing 
price of per 
awarded 
share 
immediately 
before the 
dates of 
grant of 
awarded 
shares 
(Note 8)
Weighted 
average 
closing  price 
of the 
awarded 
shares 
immediately 
before the 
dates on 
which the 
awarded 
shares were 
vested
Directors           
Ko Wing Yan, Samantha 15 June 2022 45,000 – 45,000 – 0 (Note 1) HK$11.38 N/A HK$4.28
22 March 2023 18,900 – 8,100 – 10,800 (Note 2) HK$14.82 N/A HK$4.82
22 March 2024 – 24,000 9,600 – 14,400 (Note 3) HK$5.18 HK$5.38 HK$5.46
Su Ning 15 June 2022 45,000 – 45,000 – 0 (Note 1) HK$11.38 N/A HK$4.28
22 March 2023 21,700 – 9,300 – 12,400 (Note 2) HK$14.82 N/A HK$4.82
22 March 2024 – 119,000 47,600 – 71,400 (Note 3) HK$5.18 HK$5.38 HK$5.46
Fung, Yuk Kan Peter 15 June 2022 9,000 – 9,000 – 0 (Note 1) HK$11.38 N/A HK$4.28
22 March 2024 – 30,000 12,000 – 18,000 (Note 3) HK$5.18 HK$5.38 HK$5.46
Chu, Howard Ho Hwa 15 June 2022 9,000 – 9,000 – 0 (Note 1) HK$11.38 N/A HK$4.28
22 March 2024 – 30,000 12,000 – 18,000 (Note 3) HK$5.18 HK$5.38 HK$5.46
Pang Chunlin 22 March 2024 – 30,000 12,000 – 18,000 (Note 3) HK$5.18 HK$5.38 HK$5.46
Other
Hou Ziqiang
 (Note 5)
15 June 2022 9,000 – 9,000 – 0 (Note 1) HK$11.38 N/A HK$4.28
Employees 15 June 2022 601,500 – 588,000 13,500 0 (Note 1) HK$11.38 N/A HK$4.28
 (Note 6) 21 December 2022 297,000 – 148,500 7,500 141,000 (Note 4) HK$13.86 N/A HK$4.74
22 March 2023 407,700 – 172,800 13,700 221,200 (Note 2) HK$14.82 N/A HK$4.82
22 March 2024 – 1,814,000 718,000 41,800 1,054,200 (Note 3) HK$5.18 HK$5.38 HK$5.46
           
1,463,800 2,047,000 1,854,900 76,500
(Note 7)
1,579,400
           

===== PAGE 119 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 117
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
Notes:
1. Vesting date:
(i) the first 40% of the awarded shares shall be vested on 26 August 2022;
(ii) the second 30% of the awarded shares shall be vested on 28 August 2023; and
(iii) the remaining 30% of the awarded shares shall be vested on 26 August 2024.
2. Vesting date:
(i) the first 30% of the awarded shares shall be vested on 12 April 2023;
(ii) the second 30% of the awarded shares shall be vested on 12 April 2024; and
(iii) the remaining 40% of the awarded shares shall be vested on 11 April 2025.
3. Vesting date:
(i) the first 40% of the awarded shares shall be vested on 2 May 2024;
(ii) the second 30% of the awarded shares shall be vested on 2 May 2025; and
(iii) the remaining 30% of the awarded shares shall be vested on 4 May 2026.
4. Vesting date:
(i) the first 40% of the awarded shares shall be vested on 27 March 2023;
(ii) the second 30% of the awarded shares shall be vested on 27 March 2024; and
(iii) the remaining 30% of the awarded shares shall be vested on 27 March 2025.
5. Mr. Hou Ziqiang retired as a Director on 27 June 2023. The 9,000 awarded shares held by Mr. Hou were vested on 26 August 2024, and reclassified from 
the category “Directors” to “Other”.
6. The total number of awarded shares granted to the five highest paid individuals during the financial year of 2024 was 307,000.
7. The awarded shares are lapsed.
8. During the year ended 31 December 2024, the closing price of per awarded share immediately before the date (22 March 2024) on w hich the awards 
were granted was HK$5.38.
9. The purchase price of all awarded shares is nil.
10. All the interests disclosed above represent long positions.
As at 31 December 2024, the fair value of awarded share at the date of granted is as follows. No expected dividends were 
incorporated into the measurement of fair value. Information on the accounting policy for the grant of awarded shares is provided 
in the accounting policy for the grant of Note 2(s)(iv) on page 152 of this Annual Report.
Number of awarded shares Date of grant
Market value per 
awarded share
Fair value of 
awarded shares
2,500,000 15 June 2022 HK$11.38 HK$28,450,000
500,000 21 December 2022 HK$13.86 HK$6,930,000
662,000 22 March 2023 HK$14.82 HK$9,810,840
2,047,000 22 March 2024 HK$5.18 HK$10,603,460
    
5,709,000 HK$55,794,300
    
Apart from the foregoing, at no time during the year was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangement to 
enable the Directors or chief executive or any of their spouses or children under 18 years of age to acquire benefits by means of 
the acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company or any other body corporate.

===== PAGE 120 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited118
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSONS’ INTERESTS AND 
SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
As at 31 December 2024, other than the interests disclosed under the section headed “Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests 
and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures”, so far as is known to the Directors and chief executives of 
the Company, the following companies and person had interests and short positions in the shares and underlying shares of the 
Company as recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 336 of the SFO:Name Capacity
Number of 
shares in the 
Company held
Number of 
underlying 
shares in the 
Company held Total
Approximate 
percentage of 
the total issued 
share capital of 
the Company 
(Note 3)
BOE Technology Group
 Co., Ltd.
Interest of controlled 
corporation
419,730,000
(Note 1)
– 419,730,000 53.02%
China Orient Asset
 Management 
 (International)
 Holding Limited
Interest of controlled 
corporation
78,952,000
(Note 2)
– 78,952,000 9.97%
Notes:
1. BOE is a joint stock company established in the PRC and the issued shares of which are listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange wi th stock code 000725 
for its A shares and stock code 200725 for its B shares.
2. China Orient Multi-Strategy Maste r Fund and China Orient Enhanced Income Fund, both wholly-owned by China Orient Asset Management (International) 
Holding Limited (“China Orient”), held 45,892,000 shares and 33,060,000 shares of the Company respectively. Based on the latest disclosure of interests 
filing available at the latest practicable date of this Annual Report, China Orient holds less than 5.00% of the issued share capital of the Company.
3. Calculated based on the Company’s total number of issued share capital of 791,575,204 shares as at 31 December 2024.
4. All the interests disclosed above represent long positions.

===== PAGE 121 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 119
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
the strategic committee of the BOE Group. Mr. Su is a vice 
president of the BOE Group. Mr. Shao is the chief new product 
officer of the mid-desk of the technology and product of the 
mid-desk of the display device and the IoT innovation business 
of BOE, the head of LCD product development centre of the 
mid-desk of the technology and product of the display device 
and the IoT innovation business of BOE, the deputy head of the 
mid-desk of the technology and the product mid-desk terminal 
product and technology development of the display device 
and the IoT innovation business of BOE. Mr. Jin is the deputy 
person in charge of the mid-desk of the planning and operation 
of the mid-desk of the display device and the IoT innovation 
business of BOE, the head of the mid-desk of the production 
and marketing operation centre of the planning and operation 
of the mid-desk of the display device and the IoT innovation 
business of BOE, the team leader of business operation team 
of the domestic marketing platform area of the front-desk of 
the display device and the IoT innovation business of BOE. Mr. 
Meng is the CPIO of the performance management center of 
the back-desk of BOE (business support system), and the Vice 
Chief Financial Officer of Chief Financial Officer organisation.
Mr. Gao, Mr. Su, Mr. Shao, Mr. Jin and Mr. Meng may be 
considered having interests in the above-mentioned 
transactions. They have been abstained from voting in respect 
of those transactions.
Except as disclosed above, there has been no transaction, 
arrangement or contract of significance to which the Company, 
or any of its subsidiaries was a party, in which a Director of the 
Company and the Director’s connected entity had a material 
interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of 
the year or at any time during the year. There is no material 
interest of directors in contracts involving the Company.
Saved as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2024, there were 
no other companies nor persons who had an interest or short 
position in the shares or underlying shares of the Company 
which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under Section 
336 of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register to be 
kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO.
DEBENTURE ISSUE
The Group has not issued any debenture during the year ended 
31 December 2024.
DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
Mr. Gao Wenbao, Ms. Ko Wing Yan, Samantha and Mr. Su Ning 
have entered into a management agreement with the Company 
which may be terminated by either party to the agreement at 
one month’s notice.
Non-executive Directors are appointed for a term of 3 years. 
Independent Non-executive Directors are appointed for a term 
subject to re-appointment as required by Bye-law.
No Director proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual 
general meeting has an unexpired service contract which is not 
determinable by the Company or any of its subsidiaries within 
1 year without payment of compensation, other than normal 
statutory compensation.
DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN 
TRANSACTION, ARRANGEMENT OR 
CONTRACT
Referring the section headed “Continuing Connected 
Transactions, Connected Transactions and Other Related Party 
Transactions” as disclosed, Mr. Gao Wenbao (“Mr. Gao”) held 
1,860,700 A shares of BOE, Mr. Su Ning (“Mr. Su”) held 150,000 
A shares of BOE, Mr. Shao Xibin (“Mr. Shao”) held 342,820 A 
shares of BOE, Mr. Jin Hao (“Mr. Jin”) held 189,750 A shares 
of BOE and Mr. Meng Chao (“Mr. Meng”) held 537,500 issued 
A shares of BOE. In addition, Mr. Gao is a director and a vice 
chairman of the 11th Board of Directors and a member of 

===== PAGE 122 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited120
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
Pursuant to the Master Purchase Agreement, the Group 
has from time to time since 2016 engaged the BOE Group to 
purchase the TFT panels and other products including, but not 
limited to, raw materials for the manufacturing of its LCDs and 
related products, in particular TFT/TP modules, from the BOE 
Group.
Leveraging its competitive edges, such as panel research 
and automated manufacturing process, the BOE Group has 
supplied the Group with TFT panels with customized design and 
comprehensive quality support at prices considered to be fair 
and reasonable by the Company. With the stable supply of TFT 
panels and provision of technical support by the BOE Group, 
together with the availability of the BOE Group’s full spectrum 
of state-of-the-art display products, the Group’s TFT business 
expanded rapidly, especially in the PRC, even though the 
automotive display market faced keen competition.
Pursuant to the approval obtained at the special general 
meeting of the Company held on 22 October 2021, the annual 
caps under the Master Purchase Agreement for the three years 
are as follows:
 
For the year 
ended
31 December 
2022
For the year 
ended
31 December 
2023
For the year 
ended
31 December 
2024
HK$ million HK$ million HK$ million
Purchase Transactions 6,800 6,000 6,800
The total amounts of the Purchase Transactions during the years 
2023 and 2024 are HK$4,592,212,000 and HK$5,386,318,000 
respectively.
On 10 October 2024, in view of the expiration of the Master 
Purchase Agreement on 31 December 2024, the Company, after 
considered the benefit as mentioned in the announcement 
dated 10 October 2024, has entered into the Renewed 
Master Purchase Agreement (the “Renewed Master Purchase 
Agreement”), pursuant to which the Company and BOE have 
agreed to extend the terms of the agreements to 31 December 
2027.
CONTINUING CONNECTED 
TRANSACTIONS, CONNECTED 
TRANSACTIONS AND OTHER 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
A number of continuing connected transactions are entered into 
and between the Group and members of BOE. BOE Technology 
(HK) Limited (“BOE(HK)”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of BOE, 
is the controlling shareholder of the Company throughout the 
year under review, holding approximately 53.02% of the issued 
share capital of the Company as at 31 December 2024 and is an 
associate of the controlling shareholder and thus a connected 
person of the Company.
(A)  CONTINUING CONNECTED 
TRANSACTIONS
(1)  M aster Purchase Agreement and Renewed 
Master Purchase Agreement
On 27 October 2016, the Company and BOE entered into 
the master purchase agreement (the “Master Purchase 
Agreement”), pursuant to which the Group agreed to purchase 
TFT panels and other products including, but not limited to, raw 
materials for manufacturing TFT/TP modules from the BOE and 
its subsidiaries (the “BOE Group”) up to 31 December 2018 (as 
renewed by the agreements dated 22 November 2018, effective 
up to 31 December 2021).
The Master Purchase Agreement was approved at the special 
general meeting of the Company held on 29 December 2016, 
and was approved for renewal at the special general meeting 
of the Company held on 10 January 2019 and 22 October 2021 
respectively, pursuant to which the Company and BOE have 
agreed to extend the terms of the agreements to 31 December 
2024.

===== PAGE 123 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 121
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
Pursuant to the Trademark Licence Agreement, the annual caps 
for the total annual payment for the relevant periods in 2023 
and 2024 are as follows:
 
For the year 
ended
31 December 
2023
For the year 
ended
31 December 
2024
HK$ million HK$ million
Trademark Licence Fee 30 65
The total amounts of the Trademark Licence Fee during the 
years 2023 and 2024 are HK$19,257,000 and HK$14,352,000 
respectively.
On 30 December 2024, in view of the expiration of the 
Trademark Licence Agreement on 31 December 2024, the 
Company, after considered the benefit as mentioned in the 
announcement dated 30 December 2024, has entered into 
the Renewed Trademark Licence Agreement (the “Renewed 
Trademark Licence Agreement”), pursuant to which the 
Company and BOE have agreed to extend the terms of the 
agreements to 31 December 2026.
Pursuant to the Trademark Licence Agreement, the annual caps 
for the total annual payment for the relevant periods in 2025 
and 2026 are as follows:
 
For the year 
ending
31 December 
2025
For the year 
ending
31 December 
2026
HK$ million HK$ million
Trademark Licence Fee 40 47
For details of the continuing connected transactions 
contemplated under the Trademark Licence Agreement and 
Renewed Trademark Licence Agreement, please refer to the 
announcement of the Company dated 30 December 2024.
Pursuant to the Renewed Master Purchase Agreement, the 
annual caps under the Renewed Master Purchase Agreement 
for the three years are as follows:
 
For the year 
ending
31 December 
2025
For the year 
ending
31 December 
2026
For the year 
ending
31 December 
2027
HK$ million HK$ million HK$ million
Purchase Transactions 6,150 7,550 9,400
For details of the continuing connected transactions 
contemplated under the Master Purchase Agreement and 
Renewed Master Purchase Agreement, please refer to the 
announcement of the Company dated 10 October 2024 and the 
circular of the Company dated 1 November 2024.
(2)  The Trademark Licence Agreement and 
Renewed Trademark Licence Agreement
On 30 December 2021, the Company and BOE Group entered 
into the trademark licence agreement (the “Trademark Licence 
Agreement”), pursuant to which BOE agrees to grant the Group 
the right to use the Trademark in connection with the display 
products and services, the brand identity and brand promotion, 
and as a trade name for a company, for a term commencing 
from 1 December 2021 to 31 December 2022 (as renewed by 
the agreements dated 21 November 2022, effective up to 31 
December 2024).
Since the Company has amended its name to BOE Varitronix 
Limited in 2017, the Company has been adopting the Trademark 
for all its businesses, corporate promotions and other business 
activities in the display products and services, which are 
generally known and recognised by the public. With the stable 
supply of TFT panels and the provision of technical support by 
the BOE Group, the Group’s TFT business expanded rapidly, 
especially in the PRC. In view of the above, the Company 
entered into the Trademark License Agreement to continue to 
use the Trademark.

===== PAGE 124 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited122
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
On 30 December 2021, in view of the expiration of the New 
Tenancy Agreement and the Assets Lease Agreement on 
31 December 2021, and the benefit as mentioned in the 
announcement dated 30 December 2021, the Company 
therefore entered into the Renewed Tenancy Agreement (the 
“Renewed Tenancy Agreement”) and Renewed Assets Lease 
Agreement (the “Renewed Assets Lease Agreement”), pursuant 
to which the Company and BOE have agreed to extend the 
terms of the agreements to 31 December 2024.
Pursuant to the Renewed Tenancy Agreement and the Renewed 
Assets Lease Agreement on an aggregate basis, the annual 
caps (including VAT) for the total annual payment (comprising 
the rental, management fee and utilities fee) and total annual 
payment received under Renewed Assets Lease Agreement for 
the relevant periods in 2022, 2023 and 2024 are as follows:
 
For the year 
ended
31 December 
2022
For the year 
ended
31 December 
2023
For the year 
ended
31 December 
2024
RMB RMB RMB
Total Rental 31,784 31,784 31,784
Total Management Fee 29,711 29,711 29,711
Total Utilities Fee 29,832 29,832 29,832
   
Total payment under 
 the Renewed Tenancy 
 Agreement
91,327 91,327 91,327
Total payment received 
 under the Renewed
 Assets Lease 
 Agreement
13,685,608 13,685,608 13,685,608
Total (Annual Caps) 14,500,000 14,500,000 14,500,000
(3)  The New Tenancy Agreement, The Assets 
Lease Agreement, The Renewed Tenancy 
Agreement and The Renewed Assets 
Lease Agreement
On 14 February 2019, Varitronix (Chengdu) Display Technology 
Limited (the “Chengdu Vx”, formerly known as Chengdu BOE 
Vehicle Display Technology Co. Ltd.) entered into the new 
tenancy agreement (the “New Tenancy Agreement”) and assets 
lease agreement (the “Assets Lease Agreement”) with Chengdu 
BOE Optoelectronics Technology Co., Ltd. (“Chengdu BOE”).
The TFT business is highly competitive. The Group is developing 
standardized platform TFT modules to promote to its 
customers in order to achieve further economies of scales. 
The Group considered that it is to the Group’s interest that the 
manufacturing of standardized platform TFT modules under one 
integrated manufacturing process and control, i.e. from panel 
production to TFT modules assembly, will render the Group 
higher competitive advantages including, but not limited to yield 
enhancement, quality control, supply chain management and 
etc. by leveraging the various competitive edges of the BOE 
Group.
As a result of aforesaid integration of the TFT modules 
manufacturing process for standardized platform TFT modules 
products to the BOE Group, the premises for TFT modules 
assembly will no longer be required by the Group and the office 
of Chengdu Vx will be relocated to the new premises (a total 
construction floor area of approximately 135 square metres) 
under the new tenancy agreement. The BOE Group will utilize 
the lease assets for the manufacturing of TFT modules in the 
premises. The Directors are of the view that the new tenancy 
agreement for the new premises are beneficial to the Group for 
cost-saving purpose.

===== PAGE 125 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 123
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
Pursuant to the Master Subcontracting Agreement, the annual 
caps for the total amount for the relevant periods in 2022, 2023 
and 2024 are as follows:
 
For the year 
ended
31 December 
2022
For the year 
ended
31 December 
2023
For the year 
ended
31 December 
2024
HK$ million HK$ million HK$ million
Subcontracting 60 85 120
The total amounts of the Subcontracting Transactions during 
the years 2023 and 2024 are HK$3,666,000 and HK$994,000 
respectively.
For details of the continuing connected transactions 
contemplated under the Master Subcontracting Agreement, 
please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 29 
April 2022.
(5)  Master Framework Agreement — 
Equipment, Software, Construction and 
Engineering Services and Renewed Master 
Framework Agreement — Equipment, 
Software, Construction and Engineering 
Services
On 22 July 2022, the Company and BOE entered into the master 
framework agreement in relation to purchase and/or lease 
equipment and related software; and engage the construction 
and engineering services (the “Master Framework Agreement 
— ESCE”), pursuant to which the Group may (i) purchase and/
or lease equipment and related software from the BOE Group; 
and (ii) engage the BOE Group to provide the construction and 
engineering services from time to time during the term from 22 
July 2022 to 31 December 2024.
The total annual payment (comprising the rental, management 
fee and utilities fee) for the year 2023 and 2024 are HK$101,000 
(equivalent to approximately RMB91,000) and HK$92,000 
(equivalent to approximately RMB84,000) respectively. The 
total annual payment received under Assets Lease Agreement 
for the year 2023 and 2024 are HK$3,341,000 (equivalent to 
approximately RMB3,028,000) and HK$Nil (equivalent to RMBNil) 
respectively.
For details of the continuing connected transactions 
contemplated under the New Tenancy Agreement, the Assets 
Lease Agreement, the Renewed Tenancy Agreement and 
the Renewed Assets Lease Agreement, please refer to the 
announcement of the Company dated 30 December 2021.
(4)  Master Subcontracting Agreement
On 29 April 2022, the Company entered into the master 
subcontracting agreement (the “Master Subcontracting 
Agreement”) with Beijing BOE Optoelectronics Technology 
Co., Ltd., Hefei BOE Optoelectronics Technology Co., Ltd, Hefei 
Xinsheng Optoelectronics Technology Co., Ltd. and Chengdu 
BOE (collectively known as the “Subcontractors”), pursuant to 
which the Group has agreed to provide subcontracting services 
of manufacturing TFT/TP modules and other products on a non-
exclusive basis to the Subcontractors, for a term from 29 April 
2022 to 31 December 2024. Each of the Subcontractors is a 
wholly-owned subsidiary of BOE and an associate of BOE(HK) 
and is thus a connected person of the Company under the 
Listing Rules.
The Group has its own plant and equipment and is engaged 
in the processing of TFT/TP modules and other products. The 
Subcontracting Transactions could provide benefits to the 
Group, among others, (i) generating additional revenue to the 
Group; (ii) utilising our production facilities more efficiently; 
(iii) allowing the Group to keep up-to-date knowledge to the 
development of technology and the industry; and (iv) allowing 
the Group to meet the production and quality requirement 
of the ultimate customers, and has a better chance to be a 
qualified supplier of them for other products and increase our 
market share and revenue in future.

===== PAGE 126 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited124
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
On 29 May 2024, in view of the expected transaction amount 
under the Master Framework Agreement —ESCE for the year 
ended 31 December 2024 will be higher than the approved 
annual amount in respect of the procurement transaction under 
the Master Framework Agreement — ESCE, and the expiration 
of the agreement on 31 December 2024, the Company 
therefore revised the Existing Annual Cap for the year ended 
31 December 2024 and entered into the Renewed Master 
Framework Agreement — Equipment, Software, Construction 
and Engineering Services (the “Renewed Master Framework 
Agreement — ESCE”) , pursuant to which the Company and 
BOE have agreed to extend the terms of the agreements to 31 
December 2025.
Pursuant to the Renewed Master Framework Agreement — 
ESCE, the revised annual cap for year ended 31 December 2024 
and the annual caps for year ended 31 December 2025 are as 
follows:
 
For the year 
ended
31 December 
2024
(Revised)
For the year 
ending
31 December 
2025
HK$ million HK$ million
Purchase and lease equipment 
 and related software, and
 procure construction and 
 engineering services
100 80
The total amounts of the Transactions of purchase and lease 
equipment and related software, and procure construction 
and engineering services during the years 2023 and 2024 are 
HK$79,326,000 and HK$63,988,000 respectively.
For details of the continuing connected transactions 
contemplated under the Renewed Master Framework 
Agreement — ESCE, please refer to the announcement of the 
Company dated 29 May 2024.
Over the years, the BOE Group has accumulated extensive 
experience in producing equipment as well as providing 
construction and engineering services with the technical know-
how and more than 70,000 patents. Being a well-established 
market leader in the industry and equipped with the well-
established streamline supply chain and the profound technical 
maintenance team, the BOE Group can (i) supply and/or 
lease certain high-quality equipment and related software; 
and (ii) provide the Group with professional construction and 
engineering services for the expansion of manufacturing 
facilities in the PRC.
By entering into the Master Framework Agreement — ESCE, 
the Group would be benefited with the flexibility (but not an 
obligation) to purchase and lease equipment and related 
software, and procure construction and engineering services 
from the BOE Group. Moreover, it could allow the Group to 
obtain more competitive offer among equipment and related 
software suppliers and service providers which are market 
leaders, and also facilitate the operation and growth of the 
Group’s business.
Pursuant to the Master Framework Agreement — ESCE, the 
annual caps for the total amount for the relevant periods in 
2022, 2023 and 2024 are as follows:
 
For the year
ended
31 December
2022
For the year
ended
31 December
2023
For the year
ended
31 December
2024
HK$ million HK$ million HK$ million
Purchase and lease 
 equipment and 
 related software, 
 and procure 
 construction and 
 engineering services
110 110 50

===== PAGE 127 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 125
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
Governance
Pursuant to Listing Rules 14A.55, the Independent Non-
executive Directors of the Company have reviewed the above 
continuing connected transactions and confirmed that these 
continuing connected transactions were entered into:
(i) in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;
(ii) on normal commercial terms or better; and
(iii) a ccording to the agreement governing them on terms 
that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the 
shareholders of the Company as a whole.
In accordance with Listing Rule 14A.56, the Company’s auditor 
was engaged by the Board of Directors to report on the 
continuing connected transactions in relation to the above 
continuing connected transactions in accordance with Hong 
Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) 
“Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews 
of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to 
Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected 
Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the 
Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The auditor 
has issued a letter advised that nothing has come to their 
attention that causes them to believe that above continuing 
connected transactions:
i. have not been approved by the Company’s Board of  
Directors;
ii. the transactions (which involved provision of goods or  
services) were not, in all material respects, in accordance 
with the pricing policies of the Group;
iii. were not entered into, in all material respects, in  
accordance with the terms of the relevant agreements 
governing the continuing connected transactions; and
iv. the relevant cap amounts have been exceeded during the 
financial year ended 31 December 2024.
(6)  Master Framework Agreement — Factory 
Maintenance Services
On 8 May 2023, the Company and BOE Environmental and 
Energy Technology Co., Ltd (“BOE Environmental and Energy”) 
entered into the master framework agreement in relation 
to factory maintenance services (the “Master Framework 
Agreement — Factory Maintenance Services”), pursuant to 
which the Group may engage BOE Environmental and Energy 
to provide factory facilities repair, maintenance and related 
services from time to time during the term from 8 May 2023 to 
31 December 2024 for the reason and benefit as mentioned in 
the announcement of the Company date 8 May 2023.
Pursuant to the Master Framework Agreement — Factory 
Maintenance Services, the annual caps for the total amount for 
the relevant periods in 2023 and 2024 are as follows:
 
For the year 
ended
31 December 
2023
For the year 
ended
31 December 
2024
HK$ million HK$ million
Factory Maintenance 
 Services Fee
11 17
The total amounts of the Factory Maintenance Services 
Fee during the year 2023 and 2024 are HK$Nil and HK$Nil 
respectively.
For details of the continuing connected transactions 
contemplated under the Master Framework Agreement 
— Factory Maintenance Services, please refer to the 
announcement of the Company dated 8 May 2023.

===== PAGE 128 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited126
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
The Company’s Bye-law provides that the Directors shall be 
indemnified out of the assets of the Company against any 
actions, costs, charges, losses, damages and expenses as a 
result of any act or failure to act in carrying out their functions.
The Company has arranged directors’ and officers’ liability 
insurance during the year in respect of any possible legal action 
against the Directors and officers.
PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the 
Company’s Bye-laws and the law of Bermuda.
SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on the information that is publicly available and within 
the knowledge of the Directors, for the year under review, the 
Company has maintained the prescribed public float under the 
Listing Rules.
MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND 
SUPPLIERS
For the year ended 31 December 2024, the five largest 
customers of the Group accounted for 46.6% of the Group’s 
total revenue while the largest customer of the Group 
accounted for 23.9% of the Group’s total revenue. In addition, 
for the year ended 31 December 2024, the five largest 
suppliers of the Group accounted for 42.6% of the Group’s total 
purchases while the largest supplier of the Group accounted for 
16.8% of the Group’s total purchases. The largest supplier of the 
Group represents collectively a group of different subsidiaries of 
BOE which is an associate of BOE, the substantial shareholder 
of the Company.
Saved as disclosed above, at no time during the year have 
the Directors or any shareholder of the Company (which to 
the knowledge of the Directors own more than 5% of the 
Company’s total issued share capital) had any interest in these 
major customers and suppliers.
(B)  OTHER RELATED PARTY 
TRANSACTIONS
Except as disclosed above, there was no related party 
transactions entered into by the Group during the year which 
(i) do not constitute connected transactions or continuing 
connected transactions or (ii) fall under the definition of a 
connected or continuing connected transaction under Chapter 
14A of the Listing Rules, but are exempted from the reporting, 
annual review, announcement and independent shareholder’s 
approval requirements under the Listing Rules. Related party 
transactions are disclosed in 31(b) to the financial statements.
The Company has complied with the disclosure requirements 
prescribed in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules with respect 
to the continuing connected transactions and connected 
transactions entered into by the Group during the year ended 
31 December 2024.
EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
Other than the aforesaid and as disclosed under the section 
headed “Share Schemes and Directors’ and Chief Executives’ 
Rights to Acquire Shares or Debentures” above, no equity-
linked agreements that will or may result in the Company 
issuing shares or that require the Company to enter into any 
agreements that will or may result in the Company issuing 
shares were entered into by the Company during the year or 
subsisted at the end of the year.
MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contracts concerning the management and administration 
of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the 
Company were entered into or existed during the year.

===== PAGE 129 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 127
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
As at 31 December 2024, after deducting the 2,047,000 
awarded shares granted on 22 March 2024, the total number of 
awarded shares that can be granted was 2,407,100 (representing 
0.30%* of the issued share capital of the Company) based on 
the accumulated number of shares of the Company purchased 
in so far and was 61,587,520 (representing 7.78%* of the issued 
share capital of the Company) based on the maximum number 
of awarded shares that can be granted at the Adoption Date 
(excluding treasury shares).
Other than the aforesaid, during the year ended 31 December 
2024, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries 
purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed 
securities (including sale of treasury shares).
* Calculated based on the Company’s total number of issued share 
capital of 791,575,204 shares as at 31 December 2024.
COMPETING INTEREST
None of the Directors has interest in any business which 
competes or its likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, 
which the business of the Group that were required to be 
disclosed pursuant to Rule 8.10 of the Listing Rules.
CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE
The Company has received from each of the Independent Non-
executive Directors an annual confirmation of independence 
pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and considers all the 
Independent Non-executive Directors to be independent.
UPDATE ON DIRECTOR’S 
INFORMATION UNDER RULE 13.51B(1) 
OF THE LISTING RULES
Mr. Gao Wenbao has been re-designated as a vice chairman 
of the 11th Board of Directors and a member of the strategic 
committee of the BOE Group, and has ceased to be the 
chairman of Beijing Zhongxiangying Technology Co., Ltd. 
and other positions, the group president and BOE University 
principal of the back-desk (business support system) of BOE, 
and the front-desk head of the display device and IoT innovation 
business of BOE.
PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION 
OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED 
SECURITIES (INCLUDING SALE OF 
TREASURY SHARES)
During the year ended 31 December 2024, the trustee of the 
Company’s share award plan (adopted on 28 August 2020) 
(the “Share Award Plan”) purchased 1,800,000 shares of the 
Company (representing 0.23%* of the issued share capital of 
the Company) on the Stock Exchange at a total consideration 
of approximately HK$9,172,000 (including purchase price 
of HK$9,153,000 and transaction costs of HK$19,000). Total 
accumulated number of shares of the Company purchased is 
14,173,000 (representing 1.79%* of the issued shares capital of 
the Company) under the Share Award Plan.
During the year ended 31 December 2024, a total of 2,047,000 
awarded shares (representing 0.26%* of the issued shares 
capital of the Company) were granted to certain selected 
participants, comprising of 5 Directors and certain employees of 
the Group on 22 March 2024, pursuant to the Share Award Plan.

===== PAGE 130 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited128
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
AUDITORS
KPMG retire and, being eligible, offer themselves for 
reappointment. A resolution for the re-appointment of KPMG as 
auditors of the Company is to be proposed at the forthcoming 
annual general meeting.
By order of the Board
Gao Wenbao
Chairman
Hong Kong, 26 March 2025

===== PAGE 131 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 129
REPORT OF THE
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR
Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of 
BOE Varitronix Limited
(Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)
OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of 
BOE Varitronix Limited (“the Company”) and its subsidiaries 
(“the Group”) set out on pages 135 to 194, which comprise 
the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 
December 2024, the consolidated statement of profit or 
loss, the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other 
comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes 
in equity and the consolidated cash flow statement for the year 
then ended and notes to the consolidated financial statements, 
comprising material accounting policy information and other 
explanatory information.
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a 
true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the 
Group as at 31 December 2024 and of its consolidated financial 
performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then 
ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting 
Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of 
Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly 
prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the 
Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.
BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong 
Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our 
responsibilities under those standards are further described in 
the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated 
financial statements section of our report. We are independent 
of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for 
Professional Accountants (“the Code”) together with any ethical 
requirements that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated 
financial statements in Bermuda, and we have fulfilled our other 
ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements 
and the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have 
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
opinion.
KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional 
judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the 
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These 
matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the 
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming 
our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion 
on these matters.

===== PAGE 132 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited130
REPORT OF THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR
TIMING OF REVENUE RECOGNITION
Refer to note 4 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policy note 2(v).
The Key Audit Matter  How the matter was addressed in our audit
Revenue from sales of the Group’s liquid crystal display (“LCD”) 
products is recognised when the Group transfers the control 
of the goods to the customer.
The Group’s sales contracts with customers, which principally 
comprise automotive manufacturers, have a variety of trade 
terms relating to goods acceptance. The Group evaluates the 
trade terms of each sales contract in order to determine the 
appropriate timing for revenue recognition.
There is a risk that revenue transactions may not be 
recognised in the appropriate financial period due to lead 
times for sales made around the year end and the variety of 
trade terms offered to the customers.
We identified the timing of revenue recognition as a key 
audit matter because revenue is one of the key performance 
indicators of the Group and could be subject to manipulation 
to meet targets or expectations.
Our audit procedures to assess the timing of revenue 
recognition included the following:
•	 obtaining 	an 	understanding 	of 	and 	assessing 	the 	design, 	
implementation and operating effectiveness of the 
Group’s key internal controls over revenue recognition;
•	 comparing, 	 on 	 a 	 sample 	 basis, 	 specific 	 revenue 	
transactions recorded before and after the financial year 
end date with underlying sales invoices and delivery 
documents with the customers’ acknowledgement of 
goods acceptance to determine whether the related 
revenue had been recognised in the appropriate 
financial period;
•	 inspecting 	 underlying 	 customer 	 contracts 	 to 	 identify 	
terms and conditions relating to goods acceptance and 
assessing the Group’s timing of recognition of revenue 
with reference to the requirements of the prevailing 
accounting standards; and
•	 inspecting 	underlying 	documentation 	for 	journal 	entries	
relating to revenue selected based on specific risk-based 
criteria.

===== PAGE 133 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 131
REPORT OF THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR
VALUATION OF INVENTORIES
Refer to note 19 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policy note 2(m).
The Key Audit Matter How the matter was addressed in our audit
The Group held significant inventories as at 31 December 
2024, which comprised raw materials, work-in-progress and 
finished goods in respect of LCD and related products.
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable 
value.
The Group maintains its inventory levels based on customer 
orders and forecast demand. There is a risk that the net 
realisable value of inventories may fall below their costs 
due to changes in customer demand and the consequent 
overstocking of inventories at the end of the reporting period. 
In addition, a significant proportion of the Group’s products 
are manufactured to meet specific customer requirements. 
There is a risk that if a customer experiences financial difficulty 
or there is a demand issue with a customer’s product that 
includes products manufactured and held by the Group as 
inventories which may not be sold or may be sold at a price 
below their costs.
Management assesses the level of write-down of inventories 
required at each reporting date after considering inventory 
ageing, net realisable value and other relevant factors. Such 
assessment involves significant management judgement and 
estimation in determining the value of inventories which will 
not be recoverable at each reporting date.
We identified the valuation of inventories as a key audit 
matter because inventories are significant to the consolidated 
financial statements and because of the significant degree of 
management judgement involved in determining the write-
down of inventories.
Our audit procedures to assess the valuation of inventories 
included the following:
•	 obtaining 	an 	understanding 	of 	and 	assessing 	the 	design 	
and implementation of the Group’s key internal controls 
over the inventory write-down assessment process, 
including the Group’s monitoring controls over slow-
moving inventories;
•	 evaluating 	 the 	 Group’s 	 inventory 	 write-down 	 policy 	
with reference to the requirements of the prevailing 
accounting standards;
•	 assessing 	 whether 	 the 	 inventory 	 write-downs 	 at 	 the	
reporting date were calculated on a basis consistent with 
the Group’s inventory write-down policy by recalculating 
the inventory write-downs based on the percentages 
and other parameters in the Group’s inventory write-
down policy;
•	 assessing 	 the 	 classification 	 of 	 inventory 	 items 	 in 	 the	
inventory ageing report by comparison with purchase 
invoices and other relevant underlying documentation, 
on a sample basis;
•	 selecting 	raw 	materials 	and 	work-in-progress 	items, 	on 	a 	
sample basis, at the reporting date and comparing their 
usage subsequent to the reporting date;
•	 enquiring 	 of 	 the 	 senior 	 members 	 of 	 the 	 production 	
department whether there are any expected changes 
in production plans which may indicate write-down of 
inventories would be required;
•	 evaluating 	inventory 	items, 	on 	a 	sample 	basis, 	whether	
they were stated at the lower of cost and net realisable 
value at the reporting date by comparing the sales price 
of those inventory items and the related selling costs 
subsequent to the reporting date with their carrying 
values; and
•	 assessing 	 w hether 	 t here 	 i s 	 m anagement’s 	 b ias 	 i n 	 t he	
calculation of write-down of inventories by examining 
the utilisation or release of write-downs recorded at the 
end of the previous financial year during the current 
financial year.

===== PAGE 134 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited132
REPORT OF THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR
EXPECTED CREDIT LOSS ALLOWANCE FOR TRADE RECEIVABLES
Refer to notes 20 and 29(a) to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies notes 2(l) and 2(o).
The Key Audit Matter  How the matter was addressed in our audit
The Group held significant trade receivables as at 31 December 
2024, which comprised a large number of individual balances.
The Group has a wide range of customers with different 
individual characteristics which are exposed to their own risks. 
Therefore, there is a risk that certain of the Group’s trade 
receivables may not be recoverable.
Management has implemented internal controls to monitor 
credit control, collection of trade receivables and follow up of 
overdue balances.
Management measures the expected credit loss allowance 
required at each reporting date at an amount equal to the 
lifetime expected credit losses based on estimated loss rates 
for each category of trade receivables grouped according to 
the shared credit risk characteristics. The estimated loss rates 
take into account the ageing of trade receivable balances, 
the repayment history of the Group’s customers of different 
risk characteristics, current market conditions and forward-
looking information. Such assessment involves significant 
management judgement and estimation.
We identified the loss allowance for trade receivables as a key 
audit matter because of the significance of trade receivables 
to the consolidated financial statements and because of the 
significant degree of management judgement involved in 
determining the expected credit losses.
Our audit procedures to assess the expected credit loss 
allowance for trade receivables included the following:
•	 obtaining 	an 	understanding 	of 	and 	assessing 	the 	design 	
and implementation of the Group’s key internal controls 
over the processes of credit control, and estimate of 
expected credit losses;
•	 evaluating 	 the 	 Group’s 	 policy 	 for 	 estimating 	 the 	 credit 	
loss allowance with reference to the requirements of the 
prevailing accounting standard;
•	 obtaining 	 an 	 understanding 	 on 	 the 	 key 	 data 	 and 	
assumptions of the expected credit loss model adopted 
by the Group, including the basis of the segmentation 
of trade receivables based on shared credit risk 
characteristics, the historical default data, and the 
assumptions involved in management’s estimated loss 
rate;
•	 assessing 	t he 	a ppropriateness 	o f	t he 	G roup’s	e stimates	
of expected loss allowance by examining the information 
used by management to derive such estimates, 
including testing the accuracy of the historical default 
data and evaluating whether the historical loss rates 
are appropriately adjusted based on current economic 
conditions and forward-looking information;
•	 re-performing 	 the 	 calculation 	 of 	 the 	 loss 	 allowance 	 as	
at 31 December 2024 based on the Group’s credit loss 
allowance policies; and
•	 assessing 	whether 	items 	in 	the 	trade 	receivables 	ageing 	
report were categorised in the appropriate ageing 
bracket by comparing a sample of individual items with 
the underlying goods delivery notes, sales invoices and 
other relevant underlying documentation.

===== PAGE 135 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 133
REPORT OF THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR
AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR 
THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about 
whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole 
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or 
error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. 
This report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance 
with Section 90 of the Bermuda Companies Act 1981, and for 
no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards 
or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this 
report.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a 
guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs 
will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. 
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered 
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could 
reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions 
of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial 
statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise 
professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism 
throughout the audit. We also:
— Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement  
of the consolidated financial statements, whether due 
to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures 
responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that 
is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement 
resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from 
error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional 
omissions, misrepresentations or the override of internal 
control.
— Ob tain an understanding of internal control relevant to 
the audit in order to design audit procedures that are 
appropriate in the circumstances but not for the purpose 
of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the 
Group’s internal control.
— Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used 
and the reasonableness
INFORMATION OTHER THAN 
THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS AND AUDITOR’S 
REPORT THEREON
The Directors are responsible for the other information. The 
other information comprises all the information included in the 
annual report, other than the consolidated financial statements 
and our auditor’s report thereon.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not 
cover the other information and we do not express any form of 
assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial 
statements, our responsibility is to read the other information 
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information 
is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial 
statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise 
appears to be materially misstated.
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that 
there is a material misstatement of this other information, we 
are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in 
this regard.
RESPONSIBILITIES OF 
THE DIRECTORS FOR THE 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS
The Directors are responsible for the preparation of the 
consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view 
in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the Hong 
Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as 
the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation 
of consolidated financial statements that are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Directors 
are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as 
a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to 
going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting 
unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to 
cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
The Directors are assisted by the Audit Committee in 
discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s 
financial reporting process.

===== PAGE 136 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited134
REPORT OF THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR
We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we 
have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding 
independence and communicate with them all relationships and 
other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our 
independence and, where applicable, actions taken to eliminate 
threats or safeguards applied.
From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we 
determine those matters that were of most significance in the 
audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current 
period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe 
these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation 
precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in 
extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter 
should not be communicated in our report because the adverse 
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to 
outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this 
independent auditor’s report is Chui Kin Pong.
KPMG
Certified Public Accountants
8th Floor, Prince’s Building
10 Chater Road
Central, Hong Kong
26 March 2025
AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR 
THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
— Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of 
the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the 
audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty 
exists related to events or conditions that may cast 
significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a 
going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty 
exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s 
report to the related disclosures in the consolidated 
financial statements or, if such disclosures are 
inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are 
based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of 
our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions 
may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going 
concern.
— E valuate the overall presentation, structure and content 
of the consolidated financial statements, including the 
disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial 
statements represent the underlying transactions and 
events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
— Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient  
appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial 
information of the entities or business units within the 
Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the group 
financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, 
supervision and review of the audit work performed for 
purposes of the group audit. We remain solely responsible 
for our audit opinion.
We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among 
other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and 
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies 
in internal control that we identify during our audit.

===== PAGE 137 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024
For the year ended 31 December 2024
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
135
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT
OF PROFIT OR LOSS
2024 2023
Notes $’000 $’000
Revenue 4 13,448,506 10,760,416
Other operating income, net 5 199,046 174,215
Change in inventories of finished goods and work in progress (279,040) 549,090
Raw materials and consumables used (10,899,226) (9,307,367)
Staff costs (1,116,425) (938,819)
Depreciation 13 (244,301) (202,110)
Other operating expenses 6(c) (671,107) (465,702)
    
Profit from operations 437,453 569,723
Finance costs 6(a) (15,362) (25,220)
Share of losses of associates – (4,471)
    
Profit before taxation 6 422,091 540,032
Income tax 7(a) (20,506) (58,951)
    
Profit for the year 401,585 481,081
    
Profit attributable to:
Equity shareholders of the Company 391,282 475,260
Non-controlling interests 10,303 5,821
    
401,585 481,081
    
Earnings per share for profit attributable to  
 equity shareholders of the Company (in HK cents) 11
Basic 49.6 cents 60.4 cents
    
Diluted 49.5 cents 60.2 cents
    
The notes on pages 141 to 194 form part of these financial statements. Details of dividends payable to equity shareholders of the 
Company attributable to the profit for the year are set out in note 28(b).

===== PAGE 138 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited
For the year ended 31 December 2024
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
136
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
2024 2023
Note $’000 $’000
Profit for the year 401,585 481,081
    
Other comprehensive income for the year 
 (after tax and reclassification adjustments): 10
Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
— Exchange translation adjustments: net movement in exchange reserve (65,343) (26,894)
    
Total comprehensive income for the year 336,242 454,187
    
Attributable to:
Equity shareholders of the Company 327,149 449,146
Non-controlling interests 9,093 5,041
    
336,242 454,187
    
The notes on pages 141 to 194 form part of these financial statements.

===== PAGE 139 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024
At 31 December 2024
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
137
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
FINANCIAL POSITION
2024 2023
Notes $’000 $’000
Non-current assets
Property, plant and 
 equipment 13 2,060,385 1,759,580
Intangible assets 14 29,428 25,061
Other financial assets 18 40,186 41,897
Non-current deposits and 
 prepayments 20 38,822 101,264
Restricted bank deposits 21(b) 41,101 –
Deferred tax assets 25(b) 59,718 8,843
    
2,269,640 1,936,645
    
Current assets
Inventories 19 1,778,379 1,947,101
Trade and other
 receivables, deposits and
 prepayments and other 
 contract costs 20 3,325,957 2,555,501
Amounts due from 
 associates 17 – 12,220
Other financial assets 18 389,759 15,405
Current tax recoverable 25(a) 9,923 10,354
Fixed deposits with more 
 than three months to 
 maturity when placed 21(a) 843,817 –
Restricted bank deposits 21(b) 147,326 55,884
Cash and cash equivalents 21(a) 2,700,141 3,500,760
    
9,195,302 8,097,225
    
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables 22 6,228,142 4,738,130
Lease liabilities 24 14,793 8,159
Current tax payable 25(a) 23,272 13,925
Bank loans 23 205,322 236,439
Deferred income 26 28,072 26,138
    
6,499,601 5,022,791
    
Net current assets 2,695,701 3,074,434
    
2024 2023
Notes $’000 $’000
Total assets less 
 current liabilities 4,965,341 5,011,079
    
Non-current liabilities
Lease liabilities 24 20,113 13,907
Deferred tax liabilities 25(b) 2,448 3,468
Deferred income 26 171,821 200,496
Bank loans 23 170,464 383,497
    
364,846 601,368
    
NET ASSETS 4,600,495 4,409,711
    
CAPITAL AND RESERVES
Share capital 28(c) 197,894 197,894
Reserves 4,337,392 4,155,701
    
Total equity attributable to 
 equity shareholders of 
 the Company 4,535,286 4,353,595
Non-controlling interests 16 65,209 56,116
    
TOTAL EQUITY 4,600,495 4,409,711
    
Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 
26 March 2025.
Gao Wenbao Ko Wing Yan, Samantha
Director Director
The notes on pages 141 to 194 form part of these financial 
statements.

===== PAGE 140 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited
For the year ended 31 December 2024
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
138
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
CHANGES IN EQUITY
Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
 
Share capital
Share
premium
Awarded
shares held
under the
Share Award
Plan
Exchange
reserve
Capital 
reserve
Other 
reserves
Contributed
 surplus
Retained 
profits Total
Non-
controlling
 interests
Total
 equity
(note 28(c)(i)) (note 28(d)(i)) (note 28(d)(v)) (note 28(d)(iii)) (note 28(d)(iv)) (note 28(d)(vi)) (note 28(d)(ii))
Notes $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000
Balance at 1 January 2023 197,853 2,101,464 (23,835) (163,922) 12,038 27,921 610,907 1,302,272 4,064,698 51,075 4,115,773             
Changes in equity for 2023:
Profit for the year – – – – – – – 475,260 475,260 5,821 481,081
Other comprehensive income 10 – – – (26,114) – – – – (26,114) (780) (26,894)
             
Total comprehensive income – – – (26,114) – – – 475,260 449,146 5,041 454,187             
Dividends approved in respect 
 of the previous year 28(b)(ii) – – – – – – (180,964) – (180,964) – (180,964)
Issuance of shares upon 
 exercise of share options 28(c)(ii) 41 392 – – (103) – – – 330 – 330
Vesting of shares under the 
 Share Award Plan – – 10,072 – (20,228) – – 10,156 – – –
Equity settled share-based 
 transactions 6(b) – – – – 20,385 – – – 20,385 – 20,385
Release upon lapse of share 
 options – – – – (311) – – 311 – – –
             
41 392 10,072 – (257) – (180,964) 10,467 (160,249) – (160,249)
             
Balance at 31 December 
 2023 197,894 2,101,856 (13,763) (190,036) 11,781 27,921 429,943 1,787,999 4,353,595 56,116 4,409,711
             
The notes on pages 141 to 194 form part of these financial statements.

===== PAGE 141 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 139
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
CHANGES IN EQUITY (CONTINUED)
For the year ended 31 December 2024
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
 
Share 
capital
Share 
premium
Awarded 
shares held
 under the
 Share 
Award Plan
Exchange
 reserve
Capital 
reserve
Other 
reserves
Contributed
 surplus
Retained 
profits Total
Non-
controlling
 interests
Total
 equity
(note 28(c)(i)) (note 28(d)(i)) (note 28(d)(v)) (note 28(d)(iii))(note 28(d)(iv)) (note 28(d)(vi)) (note 28(d)(ii))
Notes $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000
Balance at 1 January 2024 197,894 2,101,856 (13,763) (190,036) 11,781 27,921 429,943 1,787,999 4,353,595 56,116 4,409,711             
Changes in equity for 2024:
Profit for the year – – – – – – – 391,282 391,282 10,303 401,585
Other comprehensive income 10 – – – (64,133) – – – – (64,133) (1,210) (65,343)
             
Total comprehensive income – – – (64,133) – – – 391,282 327,149 9,093 336,242             
Dividends approved in respect 
 of the previous year 28(b)(ii) – – – – – – (149,660) – (149,660) – (149,660)
Share purchase by the trustee 
 under the Share Award Plan – – (9,172) – – – – – (9,172) – (9,172)
Vesting of shares under the 
 Share Award Plan – – 7,283 – (17,358) – – 10,075 – – –
Transfer to surplus reserves – – – – – 30,294 – (30,294) – – –
Equity settled share-based 
 transactions 6(b) – – – – 13,374 – – – 13,374 – 13,374
             
– – (1,889) – (3,984) 30,294 (149,660) (20,219) (145,458) – (145,458)
             
Balance at 31 December 
 2024 197,894 2,101,856 (15,652) (254,169) 7,797 58,215 280,283 2,159,062 4,535,286 65,209 4,600,495
             
The notes on pages 141 to 194 form part of these financial statements.

===== PAGE 142 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited
For the year ended 31 December 2024
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
140
CONSOLIDATED
CASH FLOW STATEMENT
2024 2023
Note $’000 $’000
Operating activities
Cash generated from 
 operations 21(c) 1,518,531 1,306,883
Tax paid
— Hong Kong Profits Tax paid (11,360) (56,551)
— Chinese Mainland income 
  taxes paid (44,186) (54,381)
— Tax paid in respect of 
  jurisdictions outside 
  Hong Kong and Chinese 
  Mainland (6,297) (9,873)
    
Net cash generated from 
 operating activities 1,456,688 1,186,078
    
Investing activities
Proceeds from disposal of 
 property, plant and 
 equipment 347 1,721
Proceeds from disposal of 
 associates 26,765 –
(Increase)/decrease 
 in fixed deposits (843,817) 61,723
Increase in restricted bank 
 deposits (132,543) (55,884)
Payment for the purchase of 
 property, plant and 
 equipment (567,721) (502,059)
Payment for the purchase of 
 intangible assets (8,659) (6,125)
Payment for purchase of 
 other financial assets (364,299) (15,405)
Government grants received 
 relating to acquisition of 
 property, plant and 
 equipment – 201,942
Interest received 107,156 89,984
    
Net cash used in 
 investing activities (1,782,771) (224,103)
    
2024 2023
Notes $’000 $’000
Financing activities
Capital element of lease 
 rentals paid 21(d) (14,922) (10,349)
Interest element of lease 
 rentals paid 21(d) (1,383) (921)
Proceed for bank loans 21(d) 275,316 619,936
Repayment of bank loans 21(d) (516,354) (667,200)
Issuance of shares upon
 exercise of share options 28(c)(ii) – 330
Shares purchased under
 the Share Award Plan (9,172) –
Interest paid (13,979) (24,299)
Dividends paid (149,660) (180,964)
    
Net cash used in 
 financing activities (430,154) (263,467)
    
Net (decrease)/increase 
 in cash and cash 
 equivalents (756,237) 698,508
Cash and cash 
 equivalents at 1 January 3,500,760 2,818,823
Effect of foreign 
 exchange rates changes (44,382) (16,571)
    
Cash and cash equivalents 
 at 31 December 21(a) 2,700,141 3,500,760
    
The notes on pages 141 to 194 form part of these financial 
statements.

===== PAGE 143 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
141
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
1 GENERAL
The Company is incorporated in Bermuda under the Companies 
Act 1981 of Bermuda as an exempted company with limited 
liability. The Company is a public limited company with its 
shares listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited 
(the “Stock Exchange”). The directors consider the ultimate 
controlling party of the Group to be BOE Technology Group 
Co., Ltd, which is incorporated in the PRC. The addresses of 
the registered office and principal place of business of the 
Company are Clarendon House, 2 Church Street, Hamilton 
HM11, Bermuda and Units A-F, 35/F., Legend Tower, No.7 Shing 
Yip Street, Kwun Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong respectively.
The Company acts as an investment holding company. Its 
subsidiaries are principally engaged in the automotive and 
industrial display business and has monochrome display 
manufacturing capacity and TFT module assembly capacity.
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING 
POLICIES
(a) STATEMENT OF COMPLIANCE
These financial statements have been prepared in accordance 
with all applicable Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards 
(“HKFRSs”), which collective term includes all applicable 
individual Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong 
Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations issued 
by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants 
(“HKICPA”), and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong 
Companies Ordinance. These financial statements also comply 
with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing 
the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong 
Limited (the “Listing Rules”). Material accounting policies 
adopted by the Group are disclosed below.
The HKICPA has issued certain amendments to HKFRSs that 
are first effective or available for early adoption for the current 
accounting period of the Group. Note 2(c) provides information 
on any changes in accounting policies resulting from initial 
application of these developments to the extent that they 
are relevant to the Group for the current accounting periods 
reflected in these financial statements.
(b) BASIS OF PREPARATION OF THE 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2024 comprise the Company and its subsidiaries.
The measurement basis used in the preparation of the 
financial statements is the historical cost basis except that the 
investments in equity securities are stated at their fair values as 
explained in note 2(h).
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with 
HKFRSs requires management to make judgements, estimates 
and assumptions that affect the application of policies and 
reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. 
The estimates and associated assumptions are based on 
historical experience and various other factors that are believed 
to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which 
form the basis of making the judgements about carrying values 
of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other 
sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed 
on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are 
recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the 
revision affects only that period, or in the period of the revision 
and future periods if the revision affects both current and future 
periods.
Judgements made by management in the application of HKFRSs 
that have a significant effect on the financial statements and 
major sources of estimation uncertainty are discussed in note 3.

===== PAGE 144 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited142
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING 
POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(c) CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING 
POLICIES
The Group has applied the following amendments to HKFRS 
issued by the HKICPA to these financial statements for the 
current accounting period:
•	 Amendments 	 to 	 HKAS 	 1, 	 Presentation of financial 
statements — Classification of liabilities as current or 
non-current and amendments to HKAS 1, Presentation 
of financial statements — Non-current liabilities with 
covenants
•	 Amendments 	 to 	 HKFRS 	 16, 	Leases — Lease liability in a 
sale and leaseback
•	 Amendments 	 to 	 HKAS 	 7, 	Statement of cash flows and 
HKFRS 7, Financial instruments: Disclosures — Supplier 
finance arrangements
None of the developments have had a material effect on how 
the Group’s results and financial position for the current or 
prior periods have been prepared or presented. The Group has 
not applied any new standard or interpretation that is not yet 
effective for the current accounting period.
(d) SUBSIDIARIES, CONTROLLED 
STRUCTURED ENTITIES AND 
NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS
Subsidiaries are entities (including structured entities) controlled 
by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed, 
or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the 
entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its 
power over the entity. When assessing whether the Group has 
power, only substantive rights (held by the Group and other 
parties) are considered.
A structured entity is an entity that has been designed so that 
voting or similar rights are not the dominant factor in deciding 
who controls the entity, such as when any voting rights relate to 
administrative tasks only and the relevant activities are directed 
by means of contractual arrangements.
An investment in a subsidiary is consolidated into the 
consolidated financial statements from the date that control 
commences until the date that control ceases. Intra-group 
balances and transactions and any unrealised profits arising 
from intra-group transactions are eliminated in full in preparing 
the consolidated financial statements. Unrealised losses 
resulting from intra-group transactions are eliminated in the 
same way as unrealised gains but only to the extent that there 
is no evidence of impairment.
Non-controlling interests represent the equity in a subsidiary 
not attributable directly or indirectly to the Company, and in 
respect of which the Group has not agreed any additional terms 
with the holders of those interests which would result in the 
Group as a whole having a contractual obligation in respect of 
those interests that meets the definition of a financial liability. 
For each business combination, the Group can elect to measure 
any non-controlling interests either at fair value or at the non-
controlling interests’ proportionate share of the subsidiary’s net 
identifiable assets.
Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated 
statement of financial position within equity, separately from 
equity attributable to the equity shareholders of the Company. 
Non-controlling interests in the results of the Group are 
presented on the face of the consolidated statement of profit 
or loss and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and 
other comprehensive income as an allocation of the total profit 
or loss and total comprehensive income for the year between 
non-controlling interests and the equity shareholders of the 
Company.
Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do 
not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity 
transactions, whereby adjustments are made to the amounts 
of controlling and non-controlling interests within consolidated 
equity to reflect the change in relative interests, but no 
adjustments are made to goodwill and no gain or loss is 
recognised.

===== PAGE 145 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 143
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING 
POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(d) SUBSIDIARIES, CONTROLLED 
STRUCTURED ENTITIES AND 
NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS 
(CONTINUED)
When the group loses control of a subsidiary, it is accounted 
for as a disposal of the entire interest in that subsidiary, with 
a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. Any 
interest retained in that former subsidiary at the date when 
control is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is 
regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial 
asset (see note 2(h)) or, when appropriate, the cost on initial 
recognition of an investment in an associate.
In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment 
in subsidiaries is stated at cost less impairment losses (see note 
2(l)(iii)).
(e) ASSOCIATE
An associate is an entity in which the Group or Company has 
significant influence, but not control or joint control, over 
its management, including participation in the financial and 
operating policy decisions.
An investment in an associate is accounted for in the 
consolidated financial statements under the equity method. 
Under the equity method, the investment is initially recorded 
at cost, adjusted for any excess of the Group’s share of the 
acquisition-date fair values of the associate’s identified net 
assets over the cost of the investment (if any). Thereafter, the 
investment is adjusted for the post-acquisition change in the 
Group’s share of the associate’s net assets and any impairment 
loss relating to the investment (see note 2(l)(iii)). Any acquisition-
date excess over cost, the Group’s share of the post-acquisition, 
post-tax results of associates and any impairment losses for 
the year are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit 
or loss, whereas the Group’s share of the post-acquisition 
post-tax items of associates’ other comprehensive income is 
recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and 
other comprehensive income.
When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in an 
associate, the Group’s interest is reduced to nil and recognition 
of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the 
Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made 
payments on behalf of the investee. For this purpose, the 
Group’s interest is the carrying amount of the investment under 
the equity method, together with any other long-term interests 
that in substance form part of the Group’s net investment in the 
associate (after applying the Expected Credit Loss (“ECL”) model 
to such other long-term interests where applicable (see note 2(l)
(i)).
Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions 
between the Group and its associates are eliminated to 
the extent of the Group’s interest in the associates, except 
where unrealised losses provide evidence of an impairment 
of the asset transferred, in which case they are recognised 
immediately in profit or loss.
When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an 
associate, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest 
in that associate, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised 
in profit or loss.
(f) BUSINESS COMBINATIONS
The Group accounts for business combinations using the 
acquisition method when control is transferred to the Group 
(see note 2(d)). The consideration transferred in the acquisition 
is generally measured at fair value, as are the identifiable net 
assets acquired. Any goodwill that arises is tested annually for 
impairment (see note 2(l)(iii)). Any gain on a bargain purchase is 
recognised in profit or loss immediately. Transaction costs are 
expensed as incurred, except if related to the issue of debt or 
equity securities (see note 2(h)).
The consideration transferred does not include amounts related 
to the settlement of pre-existing relationships. Such amounts 
are generally recognised in profit or loss.

===== PAGE 146 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited144
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING 
POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(g) GOODWILL
Goodwill represents the excess of
(i) t he aggregate of the fair value of the consideration 
transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in 
the acquiree and the fair value of the Group’s previously 
held equity interest in the acquiree; over
(ii) the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets and 
liabilities measured as at the acquisition date.
When (ii) is greater than (i), then this excess is recognised 
immediately in profit or loss as a gain on a bargain purchase.
Goodwill is stated at cost less accumulated impairment losses. 
Goodwill arising on a business combination is allocated to each 
cash-generating unit, or Groups of cash generating units, that is 
expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination and 
is tested annually for impairment (see note 2(l)(iii)).
On disposal of a cash generating unit during the year, any 
attributable amount of purchased goodwill is included in the 
calculation of the profit or loss on disposal.
(h) OTHER INVESTMENTS IN DEBT 
AND EQUITY SECURITIES
The Group’s policies for investments in debt and equity 
securities, other than investments in subsidiaries and associate, 
are set out below.
Investments in debt and equity securities are recognised or 
derecognised on the date the Group commits to purchase 
or sell the investment. The investments are initially stated at 
fair value plus directly attributable transaction costs, except 
for those investments measured at fair value through profit 
or loss (“FVPL”) for which transaction costs are recognised 
directly in profit or loss. For an explanation of how the Group 
determines fair value of financial instruments, see note 29(e). 
These investments are subsequently accounted for as follows, 
depending on their classification.
(i)  Investments other than equity investments
Non-equity investments held by the Group are classified as 
amortised cost, if the investment is held for the collection of 
contractual cash flows which represent solely payments of 
principal and interest. Interest income from the investment is 
calculated using the effective interest method (see note 2(v)(ii)).
(ii)  Equity investments
An investment in equity securities is classified as FVPL unless 
the equity investment is not held for trading purposes and 
on initial recognition of the investment the Group makes an 
irrevocable election to designate the investment at fair value 
through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”) (non-recycling) 
such that subsequent changes in fair value are recognised in 
other comprehensive income. Such elections are made on an 
instrument-by-instrument basis, but may only be made if the 
investment meets the definition of equity from the issuer’s 
perspective. Where such an election is made, the amount 
accumulated in other comprehensive income remains in the fair 
value reserve (non-recycling) until the investment is disposed 
of. At the time of disposal, the amount accumulated in the 
fair value reserve (non-recycling) is transferred to retained 
earnings. It is not recycled through profit or loss. Dividends 
from an investment in equity securities, irrespective of whether 
classified as at FVPL or FVOCI, are recognised in profit or loss as 
other income.
(i) PROPERTY, PLANT AND 
EQUIPMENT
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated 
depreciation and impairment losses (see note 2(l)(iii)).
Gains or losses arising from the retirement or disposal of an 
item of property, plant and equipment are determined as the 
difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying 
amount of the item and are recognised in profit or loss on the 
date of retirement or disposal.

===== PAGE 147 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 145
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING 
POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(i) PROPERTY, PLANT AND 
EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)
Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost of items of 
property, plant and equipment, less their estimated residual 
values, if any, using the straight-line method over their 
estimated useful lives as follows:
— Right-of-use assets arising from leases over freehold or 
leasehold properties where the Group is not the registered 
owner of the property interest are depreciated over the 
unexpired term of lease
— Interests in land and buildings 40 years
— Plant and machinery 2 to 10 years
— Tools and equipment 2 to 8 years
— Office equipment 2 to 8 years
— Others 2 to 5 years
Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment 
have different useful lives, the cost or valuation of the item is 
allocated on a reasonable basis between the parts and each 
part is depreciated separately. Both the useful life of an asset 
and its residual value, if any, are reviewed annually.
(j) INTANGIBLE ASSETS (OTHER 
THAN GOODWILL)
Intangible assets (other than goodwill) that are acquired by the 
Group are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation (where 
the estimated useful life is finite) and impairment losses (see 
note 2(l)(iii)).
Amortisation of intangible assets with finite useful lives is 
charged to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the assets’ 
estimated useful lives. The following intangible assets with finite 
useful lives are amortised from the date they are available for 
use and their estimated useful lives are as follows:
— Computer software 5–10 years
Both the period and method of amortisation are reviewed 
annually.
Intangible assets are not amortised while their useful lives 
are assessed to be indefinite. Any conclusion that the useful 
life of an intangible asset is indefinite is reviewed annually to 
determine whether events and circumstances continue to 
support the indefinite useful life assessment for that asset. 
If they do not, the change in the useful life assessment from 
indefinite to finite is accounted for prospectively from the date 
of change and in accordance with the policy for amortisation of 
intangible assets with finite lives as set out above.
(k) LEASED ASSETS
At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether the 
contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, 
a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use 
of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for 
consideration. Control is conveyed where the customer has 
both the right to direct the use of the identified asset and to 
obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from that use.
As a lessee
Where the contract contains lease component(s) and non-lease 
component(s), the Group has elected not to separate non-lease 
components and accounts for each lease component and any 
associated non-lease components as a single lease component 
for all leases.
At the lease commencement date, the Group recognises a right-
of-use asset and a lease liability, except for leases of low-value 
assets which, for the Group are primarily office equipment. 
When the Group enters into a lease in respect of a low-value 
asset, the Group decides whether to capitalise the lease on a 
lease-by-lease basis. The lease payments associated with those 
leases which are not capitalised are recognised as an expense 
on a systematic basis over the lease term.
The right-of-use asset recognised when a lease is capitalised is 
initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount 
of the lease liability plus any lease payments made at or 
before the commencement date, and any initial direct costs 
incurred. Where applicable, the cost of the right-of-use assets 
also includes an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove 
the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the 
site on which it is located, discounted to their present value, 
less any lease incentives received. The right-of-use asset is 
subsequently stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and 
impairment losses (see notes 2(i) and 2(l)(iii)).

===== PAGE 148 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited146
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING 
POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(k) LEASED ASSETS (CONTINUED)
As a lessee (Continued)
The initial fair value of refundable rental deposits is accounted 
for separately from the right-of-use assets in accordance 
with the accounting policy applicable to investments in debt 
securities carried at amortised cost (see notes 2(h) and 2(l)(i)). 
Any difference between the initial fair value and the nominal 
value of the deposits is accounted for as additional lease 
payments made and is included in the cost of right-of-use 
assets.
The lease liability is also remeasured when there is a change 
in the scope of a lease or the consideration for a lease that 
is not originally provided for in the lease contract (“lease 
modification”) that is not accounted for as a separate lease. In 
this case the lease liability is remeasured based on the revised 
lease payments and lease term using a revised discount rate at 
the effective date of the modification.
In the consolidated statement of financial position, the current 
portion of long-term lease liabilities is determined as the 
present value of contractual payments that are due to be 
settled within twelve months after the reporting period.
(l) CREDIT LOSSES AND 
IMPAIRMENT OF ASSETS
(i)  Credit losses from financial instruments
The Group recognises a loss allowance for ECLs on the financial 
assets measured at amortised cost (including cash and cash 
equivalents, trade and other receivables, other financial assets 
and amounts due from associates, which are held for the 
collection of contractual cash flows which represent solely 
payments of principal and interest).
Measurement of ECLs
ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit 
losses are measured as the present value of all expected cash 
shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the 
Group in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that 
the Group expects to receive).
The expected cash shortfalls are discounted using the following 
discount rates where the effect of discounting is material:
— fixed-rate financial assets and trade and other  
receivables: effective interest rate determined at initial 
recognition or an approximation thereof;
— variable-rate financial assets: current effective interest  
rate;
The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the 
maximum contractual period over which the Group is exposed 
to credit risk.
In measuring ECLs, the Group takes into account reasonable 
and supportable information that is available without undue 
cost or effort. This includes information about past events, 
current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.
ECLs are measured on either of the following bases:
— 12-month ECLs: these are losses that are expected to  
result from possible default events within the 12 months 
after the reporting date; and
— lifetime ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result 
from all possible default events over the expected lives of 
the items to which the ECL model applies.
Loss allowances for trade receivables are always measured at 
an amount equal to lifetime ECLs. ECLs on these financial assets 
are estimated using a provision matrix based on the Group’s 
historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are 
specific to the debtors and an assessment of both the current 
and forecast general economic conditions at the reporting date.
For all other financial instruments, the Group recognises a 
loss allowance equal to 12-month ECLs unless there has been 
a significant increase in credit risk of the financial instrument 
since initial recognition, in which case the loss allowance is 
measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.

===== PAGE 149 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 147
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING 
POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(l) CREDIT LOSSES AND 
IMPAIRMENT OF ASSETS 
(CONTINUED)
(i)  Credit losses from financial instruments 
(Continued)
Significant increases in credit risk
In assessing whether the credit risk of a financial instrument 
has increased significantly since initial recognition, the 
Group compares the risk of default occurring on the financial 
instrument assessed at the reporting date with that assessed 
at the date of initial recognition. In making this reassessment, 
the Group considers that a default event occurs when (i) the 
borrower is unlikely to pay its credit obligations to the Group in 
full, without recourse by the Group to actions such as realising 
security (if any is held); or (ii) the financial asset is 12 months 
past due. The Group considers both quantitative and qualitative 
information that is reasonable and supportable, including 
historical experience and forward-looking information that is 
available without undue cost or effort.
In particular, the following information is taken into account 
when assessing whether credit risk has increased significantly 
since initial recognition:
— failure to make payments of principal or interest on their 
contractually due dates ;
— an  actual or expected significant deterioration in a 
financial instrument’s external or internal credit rating (if 
available);
— an actual or expected significant deterioration in the  
operating results of the debtor; and
— existing or forecast changes in the technological, market, 
economic or legal environment that have a significant 
adverse effect on the debtor’s ability to meet its obligation 
to the Group.
Depending on the nature of the financial instruments, 
the assessment of a significant increase in credit risk is 
performed on either an individual basis or a collective basis. 
When the assessment is performed on a collective basis, the 
financial instruments are grouped based on shared credit risk 
characteristics, such as past due status and credit risk ratings.
ECLs are remeasured at each reporting date to reflect 
changes in the financial instrument’s credit risk since initial 
recognition. Any change in the ECL amount is recognised as an 
impairment gain or loss in profit or loss. The Group recognises 
an impairment gain or loss for all financial instruments with a 
corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a 
loss allowance account.
Basis of calculation of interest income
Interest income recognised in accordance with note 2(v)(ii) is 
calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial 
asset unless the financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case 
interest income is calculated based on the amortised cost (i.e. 
the gross carrying amount less loss allowance) of the financial 
asset.
At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether a financial 
asset is credit-impaired. A financial asset is credit-impaired 
when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on 
the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset have 
occurred.
Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the 
following observable events:
— significant financial difficulties of the debtor;
— a breach of contract, such as a default or delinquency in 
interest or principal payments;
— it becoming probable that the borrower will enter into  
bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation;
— significant changes in the technological, market,  
economic or legal environment that have an adverse 
effect on the debtor; or
— the disappearance of an active market for a security  
because of financial difficulties of the issuer.

===== PAGE 150 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited148
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING 
POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(l) CREDIT LOSSES AND 
IMPAIRMENT OF ASSETS 
(CONTINUED)
(i)  Credit losses from financial instruments 
(Continued)
Write-off policy
The gross carrying amount of a financial asset, lease receivable 
or contract asset is written off (either partially or in full) to the 
extent that there is no realistic prospect of recovery. This is 
generally the case when the asset becomes 365 days past due 
or when the Group determines that the debtor does not have 
assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient cash 
flows to repay the amounts subject to the write-off.
Subsequent recoveries of an asset that was previously written 
off are recognised as a reversal of impairment in profit or loss 
in the period in which the recovery occurs.
(ii)  Credit losses from financial guarantees 
issued
Financial guarantees are contracts that require the issuer (i.e. 
the guarantor) to make specified payments to reimburse the 
beneficiary of the guarantee (the “holder”) for a loss the holder 
incurs because a specified debtor fails to make payment when 
due in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument.
Financial guarantees issued are initially recognised at fair value, 
which is determined by reference to fees charged in an arm’s 
length transaction for similar services, when such information 
is obtainable, or to interest rate differentials, by comparing 
the actual rates charged by lenders when the guarantee is 
made available with the estimated rates that lenders would 
have charged, had the guarantees not been available, where 
reliable estimates of such information can be made. Where 
consideration is received or receivable for the issuance of the 
guarantee, the consideration is recognised in accordance with 
the Group’s policies applicable to that category of asset. Where 
no such consideration is received or receivable, an immediate 
expense is recognised in profit or loss.
Subsequent to initial recognition, the amount initially recognised 
as deferred income is amortised in profit or loss over the term 
of the guarantee as income from financial guarantees issued.
The Group monitors the risk that the specified debtor will 
default on the contract and recognises a provision when ECLs 
on the financial guarantees are determined to be higher than 
the carrying amount in respect of the guarantees (i.e. the 
amount initially recognised, less accumulated amortisation).
To determine ECLs, the Group considers changes in the risk 
of default of the specified debtor since the issuance of the 
guarantee. A 12-month ECL is measured unless the risk that the 
specified debtor will default has increased significantly since the 
guarantee is issued, in which case a lifetime ECL is measured. 
The same definition of default and the same assessment of 
significant increase in credit risk as described in note 2(l)(i) 
apply.
As the Group is required to make payments only in the event of 
a default by the specified debtor in accordance with the terms 
of the instrument that is guaranteed, an ECL is estimated based 
on the expected payments to reimburse the holder for a credit 
loss that it incurs less any amount that the Group expects to 
receive from the holder of the guarantee, the specified debtor 
or any other party. The amount is then discounted using the 
current risk-free rate adjusted for risks specific to the cash 
flows.
(iii)  Impairment of other non-current assets
Internal and external sources of information are reviewed at 
the end of each reporting period to identify indications that 
the following assets may be impaired or, except in the case of 
goodwill, an impairment loss previously recognised no longer 
exists or may have decreased:
— property, plant and equipment, including right-of-use  
assets (other than property carried at revalued amounts);
— pre-paid interests in leasehold land classified as being  
held under an operating lease;
— intangible assets;
— goodwill; and
— i nvestments in subsidiaries in the Company’s statement 
of financial position and interest in associates.

===== PAGE 151 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 149
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING 
POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(l) CREDIT LOSSES AND 
IMPAIRMENT OF ASSETS 
(CONTINUED)
(iii)  Impairment of other non-current assets 
(Continued)
If any such indication exists, the asset’s recoverable amount 
is estimated. In addition, for goodwill, the recoverable amount 
is estimated annually whether or not there is any indication of 
impairment.
— Calculation of recoverable amount
The recoverable amount of an asset is the greater of 
its fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In 
assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows 
are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax 
discount rate that reflects current market assessments 
of the time value of money and the risks specific to the 
asset. Where an asset does not generate cash inflows 
largely independent of those from other assets, the 
recoverable amount is determined for the smallest group 
of assets that generates cash inflows independently (i.e. 
a cash-generating unit). A portion of the carrying amount 
of a corporate asset (for example, head office building) 
is allocated to an individual cash-generating unit if the 
allocation can be done on a reasonable and consistent 
basis, or to the smallest group of cash-generating units if 
otherwise.
— Recognition of impairment losses
An impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss if the 
carrying amount of an asset, or the cash-generating unit 
to which it belongs, exceeds its recoverable amount. 
Impairment losses recognised in respect of cash-
generating units are allocated first to reduce the carrying 
amount of any goodwill allocated to the cash-generating 
unit (or group of units) and then, to reduce the carrying 
amount of the other assets in the unit (or group of units) 
on a pro rata basis, except that the carrying value of an 
asset will not be reduced below its individual fair value 
less costs of disposal (if measurable) or value in use (if 
determinable).
— Reversals of impairment losses
In respect of assets other than goodwill, an impairment 
loss is reversed if there has been a favourable change in 
the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. 
An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed.
A reversal of an impairment loss is limited to the asset’s 
carrying amount that would have been determined 
had no impairment loss been recognised in prior years. 
Reversals of impairment losses are credited to profit or 
loss in the year in which the reversals are recognised.
(iv)  Interim financial reporting and 
impairment
Under the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the 
Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, the Group is required to 
prepare an interim financial report in compliance with HKAS 34, 
Interim financial reporting , in respect of the first six months of 
the financial year. At the end of the interim period, the Group 
applies the same impairment testing, recognition, and reversal 
criteria as it would at the end of the financial year (see notes 2(l)
(i), (ii) and (iii)).
Impairment losses recognised in an interim period in respect 
of goodwill are not reversed in a subsequent period. This is 
the case even if no loss, or a smaller loss, would have been 
recognised had the impairment been assessed only at the end 
of the financial year to which the interim period relates.

===== PAGE 152 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited150
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING 
POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(m) INVENTORIES
Inventories are carried at the lower of cost and net realisable 
value.
Cost is calculated using the first-in first-out method and 
comprises all costs of purchase, costs of conversion and other 
costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present 
location and condition.
Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary 
course of business less the estimated costs of completion and 
the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.
When inventories are sold, the carrying amount of those 
inventories is recognised as an expense in the period in which 
the related revenue is recognised. The amount of any write-
down of inventories to net realisable value and all losses of 
inventories are recognised as an expense in the period in which 
the write-down or loss occurs. The amount of any reversal of 
any write-down of inventories is recognised as a reduction in 
the amount of inventories recognised as an expense in the 
period in which the reversal occurs.
(n) CONTRACT ASSETS, CONTRACT 
LIABILITIES AND OTHER 
CONTRACT COSTS
(i)  Contract assets and contract liabilities
A contract asset is recognised when the Group recognises 
revenue (see note 2(v)) before being unconditionally entitled 
to the consideration under the payment terms set out in the 
contract. Contract assets are assessed for ECL in accordance 
with the policy set out in note 2(l)(i) and are reclassified to 
receivables when the right to the consideration has become 
unconditional (see note 2(o)).
A contract liability is recognised when the customer pays 
consideration before the Group recognises the related revenue 
(see note 2(v)). A contract liability would also be recognised if 
the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration 
before the Group recognises the related revenue. In such cases, 
a corresponding receivable would also be recognised (see note 
2(o)).
For a single contract with the customer, either a net contract 
asset or a net contract liability is presented. For multiple 
contracts, contract assets and contract liabilities of unrelated 
contracts are not presented on a net basis.
When the contract includes a significant financing component, 
the contract balance includes interest accrued under the 
effective interest method (see note 2(v)).
(ii)  Other contract costs
Other contract costs are either the incremental costs of 
obtaining a contract with a customer or the costs to fulfil a 
contract with a customer which are not capitalised as inventory 
(see note 2(m)), property, plant and equipment (see note 2(i)) or 
intangible assets (see note 2(j)).
Incremental costs of obtaining a contract are those costs that 
the Group incurs to obtain a contract with a customer that it 
would not have incurred if the contract had not been obtained 
e.g. an incremental sales commission. Incremental costs of 
obtaining a contract are capitalised when incurred if the costs 
are expected to be recovered, unless the expected amortisation 
period is one year or less from the date of initial recognition of 
the asset, in which case the costs are expensed when incurred. 
Other costs of obtaining a contract are expensed when 
incurred.
Capitalised contract costs are stated at cost less accumulated 
amortisation and impairment losses. Impairment losses are 
recognised to the extent that the carrying amount of the 
contract cost asset exceeds the net of (i) remaining amount of 
consideration that the Group expects to receive in exchange 
for the goods or services to which the asset relates, less (ii) any 
costs that relate directly to providing those goods or services 
that have not yet been recognised as expenses.
Amortisation of capitalised contract costs is charged to profit 
or loss when the performance obligations relate to the contract 
are satisfied. The accounting policy for revenue recognition is 
set out in note 2(v).

===== PAGE 153 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 151
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING 
POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(o) TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
A receivable is recognised when the Group has an unconditional 
right to receive consideration. A right to receive consideration 
is unconditional if only the passage of time is required before 
payment of that consideration is due.
Receivables are stated at amortised cost using the effective 
interest method less allowance for credit losses (see note 2(l)(i)).
(p) INTEREST-BEARING BORROWINGS
Interest-bearing borrowings are measured initially at fair value 
less transaction costs. Subsequently, these borrowings are 
stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method. 
Interest expense is recognised in accordance with note 2(y).
(q) TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value. 
Subsequent to initial recognition, trade and other payables 
are stated at amortised cost unless the effect of discounting 
would be immaterial, in which case they are stated at invoice 
amounts.
(r) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand, 
demand deposits with banks and other financial institutions, 
and short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily 
convertible into known amounts of cash and which are subject 
to an insignificant risk of changes in value, having been 
within three months of maturity at acquisition. Cash and cash 
equivalents are assessed for ECL in accordance with the policy 
set out in note 2(l)(i).
(s) EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
(i)  Short-term employee benefits and 
contributions to defined contribution 
retirement plans
Short-term employee benefits are expensed as the related 
service is provided. A liability is recognised for the amount 
expected to be paid if the Group has a present legal or 
constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result of past 
service provided by the employee and the obligation can be 
estimated reliably.
Obligations for contributions to defined contribution retirement 
plans are expensed as the related service is provided.
(ii)  Defined benefit plan obligation
The group has the defined benefit plans of LSP under the Hong 
Kong Employment Ordinance.
The group’s net obligation in respect of defined benefit plans 
is calculated by estimating the amount of future benefit that 
employees have earned in the current and prior periods and 
discounting that amount. For LSP obligations, the estimated 
amount of future benefit is determined after deducting the 
negative service cost arising from the accrued benefits derived 
from the Group’s MPF contributions that have been vested with 
employees, which are deemed to be contributions from the 
relevant employees.
Net interest expense for the period is determined by applying 
the discount rate used to measure the defined benefit 
obligation at the beginning of the reporting period to the then 
net defined benefit liability, taking into account any changes in 
the net defined benefit liability during the period. Net interest 
expense and other expenses related to defined benefit plans 
are recognised in profit or loss.
(iii)  Share-based payments
The fair value of share options granted to employees is 
recognised as an employee cost with a corresponding increase 
in a capital reserve within equity. The fair value is measured at 
grant date using the Binomial Option pricing model, taking into 
account the terms and conditions upon which the options were 
granted. Where the employees have to meet vesting conditions 
before becoming unconditionally entitled to the share options, 
the total estimated fair value of the share options is spread over 
the vesting period, taking into account the probability that the 
options will vest.
During the vesting period, the number of share options that 
is expected to vest is reviewed. Any resulting adjustment to 
the cumulative fair value recognised in prior years is charged/
credited to profit or loss for the year of the review, unless the 
original employee expenses qualify for recognition as an asset, 
with a corresponding adjustment to the capital reserve. On 
vesting date, the amount recognised as an expense is adjusted 
to reflect the actual number of share options that vest (with 
a corresponding adjustment to the capital reserve) except 
where forfeiture is only due to not achieving vesting conditions 
that relate to the market price of the Company’s shares. The 
equity amount is recognised in the capital reserve until either 
the option is exercised (when it is included in the amount 
recognised in share capital for the shares issued) or the option 
expires (when it is released directly to retained profits).

===== PAGE 154 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited152
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING 
POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(s) EMPLOYEE BENEFITS (CONTINUED)
(iv)  Share award plan
For the share award plan, the Group may purchase its own 
shares through the trustee of the share award plan from the 
open market for the shares to be granted under the share 
award plan. Shares held by a controlled structured entity of the 
Group (see note 2(d)) to meet obligations under share award 
plan (see note 27) are accounted for as treasury shares in the 
consolidated financial statements.
(v)  Termination benefits
Termination benefits are recognised when, and only when, the 
Group demonstrably commits itself to terminate employment 
or to provide benefits as a result of voluntary redundancy 
by having a detailed formal plan which is without realistic 
possibility of withdrawal.
(t) INCOME TAX
Income tax expense comprises current tax and deferred tax. It 
is recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that it relates 
to a business combination, or items recognised directly in 
equity or in OCI.
Current tax comprises the estimated tax payable or receivable 
on the taxable income or loss for the year and any adjustments 
to the tax payable or receivable in respect of previous years. 
The amount of current tax payable or receivable is the best 
estimate of the tax amount expected to be paid or received that 
reflects any uncertainty related to income taxes. It is measured 
using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the 
reporting date. Current tax also includes any tax arising from 
dividends.
Current tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain criteria 
are met.
Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences 
between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for 
financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation 
purposes. Deferred tax is not recognised for:
— temporary differences on the initial recognition of  
assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a business 
combination and that affects neither accounting nor 
taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal 
taxable and deductible temporary differences;
— temporary differences related to investment in  
subsidiaries, associates and joint venture to the extent 
that the group is able to control the timing of the reversal 
of the temporary differences and it is probable that they 
will not reverse in the foreseeable future;
— taxable temporary differences arising on the initial  
recognition of goodwill; and
— those related to the income taxes arising from tax laws  
enacted or substantively enacted to implement the 
Pillar Two model rules published by the Organisation for 
Economic Co-operation and Development.
Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses, 
unused tax credits and deductible temporary differences to 
the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will 
be available against which they can be used. Future taxable 
profits are determined based on the reversal of relevant taxable 
temporary differences. If the amount of taxable temporary 
differences is insufficient to recognise a deferred tax asset in 
full, then future taxable profits, adjusted for reversals of existing 
temporary differences, are considered, based on the business 
plans for individual subsidiaries in the group. Deferred tax 
assets are reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced 
to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax 
benefit will be realised; such reductions are reversed when the 
probability of future taxable profits improves.

===== PAGE 155 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 153
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING 
POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(t) INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)
The measurement of deferred tax reflects the tax consequences 
that would follow from the manner in which the group expects, 
at the reporting date, to recover or settle the carrying amount 
of its assets and liabilities.
Current tax balances and deferred tax balances, and 
movements therein, are presented separately from each 
other and are not offset. Current tax assets are offset against 
current tax liabilities, and deferred tax assets against deferred 
tax liabilities, if the Company or the Group has the legally 
enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current 
tax liabilities and the following additional conditions are met:
— in the case of current tax assets and liabilities, the  
Company or the Group intends either to settle on a 
net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability 
simultaneously; or
— in the case of deferred tax assets and liabilities, if they  
relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation 
authority on either:
— the same taxable entity; or
— different taxable entities, which, in each future 
period in which significant amounts of deferred tax 
liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or 
recovered, intend to realise the current tax assets 
and settle the current tax liabilities on a net basis or 
realise and settle simultaneously.
(u) PROVISIONS AND CONTINGENT 
LIABILITIES
Provisions are recognised for other liabilities of uncertain 
timing or amount when the Group or the Company has a legal 
or constructive obligation arising as a result of a past event, 
it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be 
required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be 
made. Where the time value of money is material, provisions 
are stated at the present value of the expenditure expected to 
settle the obligation.
Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits 
will be required, or the amount cannot be estimated reliably, 
the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the 
probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote. Possible 
obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more future events are 
also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the probability of 
outflow of economic benefits is remote.
Where some or all of the expenditure required to settle a 
provision is expected to be reimbursed by another party, a 
separate asset is recognised for any expected reimbursement 
that would be virtually certain. The amount recognised for 
the reimbursement is limited to the carrying amount of the 
provision.
(v) REVENUE AND OTHER INCOME
Income is classified by the Group as revenue when it arises 
from the sale of goods. Revenue is recognised when control 
over a product is transferred to the customer, at the amount of 
promised consideration to which the Group is expected to be 
entitled, excluding those amounts collected on behalf of third 
parties. Revenue excludes value added tax or other sales taxes 
and is after deduction of any trade discounts.
The Group takes advantage of the practical expedient in 
paragraph 63 of HKFRS 15 and does not adjust the consideration 
for any effects of a significant financing component if the period 
of financing is 12 months or less.

===== PAGE 156 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited154
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING 
POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(v) REVENUE AND OTHER INCOME 
(CONTINUED)
Further details of the Group’s revenue and other income 
recognition policies are as follows:
(i)  Sale of goods
Revenue is recognised at point in time when the customer 
takes possession of and accepts the products. If the products 
are a partial fulfilment of a contract covering other goods and/
or services, then the amount of revenue recognised is an 
appropriate proportion of the total transaction price under 
the contract, allocated between all the goods and services 
promised under the contract on a relative stand-alone selling 
price basis.
(ii)  Interest income
Interest income is recognised as it accrues using the effective 
interest method. For financial assets measured at amortised 
cost that are not credit-impaired, the effective interest rate is 
applied to the gross carrying amount of the asset. For credit-
impaired financial assets, the effective interest rate is applied 
to the amortised cost (i.e. gross carrying amount net of loss 
allowance) of the asset (see note 2(l)(i)).
(iii)  Government grants
Government grants are recognised in the statement of financial 
position initially when there is reasonable assurance that 
they will be received and that the Group will comply with the 
conditions attaching to them. Grants that compensate the 
Group for expenses incurred are recognised as income in profit 
or loss on a systematic basis in the same periods in which the 
expenses are incurred. Grants that compensate the Group for 
the cost of an asset are recognised as deferred income which 
is recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the 
useful life of the asset.
(iv)  Rental income from operating leases
Rental income receivable under operating leases is recognised 
in profit or loss in equal instalments over the periods covered 
by the lease term, except where an alternative basis is more 
representative of the pattern of benefits to be derived from the 
use of the leased asset.
(w) RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT
Research and development costs comprise all costs that are 
directly attributable to research and development activities or 
that can be allocated on a reasonable basis to such activities. 
Because of the nature of the Group’s research and development 
activities, the criteria for the recognition of such costs as an 
asset are generally not met until late in the development stage 
of the project when the remaining development costs are 
immaterial. Hence both research costs and development costs 
are generally recognised as expenses in the period in which 
they are incurred.
(x) TRANSLATION OF FOREIGN 
CURRENCIES
Foreign currency transactions during the year are translated 
at the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction dates. 
Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign 
currencies are translated at the foreign exchange rates ruling at 
the end of the reporting period. Exchange gains and losses are 
recognised in profit or loss.
Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in 
terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated 
using the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction 
dates. The transaction date is the date on which the Company 
initially recognises such non-monetary assets or liabilities. 
Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign 
currencies that are stated at fair value are translated using the 
foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates the fair value was 
measured.
The results of operations with functional currency other than 
Hong Kong dollars are translated into Hong Kong dollars at the 
exchange rates approximating the foreign exchange rates ruling 
at the dates of the transactions. Statement of financial position 
items including goodwill arising on consolidation of foreign 
operations acquired on or after 1 January 2005, are translated 
into Hong Kong dollars at the closing foreign exchange rates 
at the end of the reporting period. The resulting exchange 
differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and 
accumulated separately in equity in the exchange reserve.
On disposal of an operation with functional currency other than 
Hong Kong dollars, the cumulative amount of the exchange 
differences relating to that operation is reclassified from equity 
to profit or loss when the gain or loss on disposal is recognised.

===== PAGE 157 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 155
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING 
POLICIES (CONTINUED)
(y) BORROWING COSTS
Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, 
construction or production of an asset which necessarily takes 
a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use 
or sale are capitalised as part of the cost of that asset. Other 
borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are 
incurred.
The capitalisation of borrowing costs as part of the cost of a 
qualifying asset commences when expenditure for the asset is 
being incurred, borrowing costs are being incurred and activities 
that are necessary to prepare the asset for its intended use 
or sale are in progress. Capitalisation of borrowing costs is 
suspended or ceases when substantially all the activities 
necessary to prepare the qualifying asset for its intended use or 
sale are interrupted or complete.
(z) RELATED PARTIES
(1) A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is 
related to the Group if that person:
(i) has control or joint control over the Group;
(ii) has significant influence over the Group; or
(iii) is a member of the key management personnel of  
the Group or the Group’s parent.
(2) An entity is related to the Group if any of the following  
conditions applies:
(i) The entity and the Group are members of the same 
group (which means that each parent, subsidiary 
and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).
(ii) One entity is an associate or joint venture of the  
other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a 
member of a group of which the other entity is a 
member).
(iii) B oth entities are joint ventures of the same third 
party.
(iv) One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the 
other entity is an associate of the third entity.
(v) The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for  
the benefit of employees of either the Group or an 
entity related to the Group.
(vi) The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a  
person identified in (1).
(vii) A person identified in (1)(i) has significant  
influence over the entity or is a member of the key 
management personnel of the entity (or of a parent 
of the entity).
(viii) The entity, or any member of a group of which  
it is a part, provides key management personnel 
services to the Group or to the Group’s parent.
Close members of the family of a person are those family 
members who may be expected to influence, or be influenced 
by, that person in their dealings with the entity.
(aa) SEGMENT REPORTING
Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item 
reported in the financial statements, are identified from the 
financial information provided regularly to the Group’s most 
senior executive management for the purposes of allocating 
resources to, and assessing the performance of, the Group’s 
various lines of business and geographical locations.
Individually material operating segments are not aggregated 
for financial reporting purposes unless the segments have 
similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of 
the nature of products and services, the nature of production 
processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used to 
distribute the products or provide the services and the nature of 
the regulatory environment. Operating segments which are not 
individually material may be aggregated if they share a majority 
of these criteria.

===== PAGE 158 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited156
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
3 ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND 
ESTIMATES
Note 29 contains information about assumptions and their risk 
factors relating to fair value of financial instruments. Other 
significant sources of estimation uncertainty are as follows:
(a) EXPECTED CREDIT LOSSES ON 
TRADE RECEIVABLES
The Group maintains a loss allowance account measured at an 
amount equal to lifetime ECL of receivables stated at amortised 
cost. The loss allowance is estimated using a provision matrix 
based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted 
for factor that are specific to the debtors and an assessment of 
both the current and forecast general economic conditions at 
the reporting date. If there is a change in the financial condition 
of the debtors, actual credit losses would be higher or lower 
than estimated.
(b) WRITE-DOWN OF INVENTORIES
The Group reviews the carrying amounts of the inventories 
at the end of each reporting period to determine whether 
the inventories are carried at lower of cost and net realisable 
value in accordance with the accounting policy set out in note 
2(m). Management estimates net realisable value based on the 
current market situation and historical experience on similar 
inventories. Any change in the assumptions would increase or 
decrease the amount of inventories write-down or the related 
reversal of write-down made in prior years and affect the 
Group’s net asset value and profit or loss.
4 REVENUE
The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The 
principal activities of the Group are the design, manufacture and 
sale of liquid crystal displays (“LCDs”) and related products. The 
Group is principally engaged in the automotive and industrial 
display business and has monochrome display manufacturing 
capacity and TFT and touch panel display module assembly 
capacity.
Revenue represents the invoiced value of goods supplied to 
customer by the Group less returns and discounts within the 
scope of HKFRS 15.
The Group’s customer base is diversified and includes one 
customer with whom transactions have exceeded 10% of 
the Group’s revenues in 2024 (2023: two). In 2024 revenues 
from sales to this customer amounted to approximately 
HK$3,206,835,000 (2023: HK$2,282,734,000). Details of 
concentrations of credit risk are set out in note 29(a).
The Group has applied the practical expedient in paragraph 
121 of HKFRS 15 to its sales contracts such that the above 
information does not include revenue that the Group will 
be entitled to when it satisfies the remaining performance 
obligations under contracts with customers that had an original 
expected duration of one year or less.
Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by 
geographic markets is disclosed in note 12.

===== PAGE 159 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 157
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
5 OTHER OPERATING INCOME, 
NET
2024 2023
$’000 $’000
Changes in fair value 
 of non-current other 
 financial assets (1,377) (716)
Government grants 
 (note) 34,617 71,607
Interest income 
 on financial assets 
 measured at 
 amortised cost 115,440 93,282
Net gain on current 
 other financial assets 
 measured at fair 
 value through 
 profit or loss 9,721 –
Net exchange loss (1,628) (4,522)
Net gain on disposal 
 of property, 
 plant and equipment 535 1,708
Rental receivable from 
 operating leases 25 4,212
Gain on disposal 
 of investments in 
 associates 26,765 –
Other income 14,948 8,644
   
199,046 174,215
   
Note: The amount represents the incentives granted by the government  
to the Group for engaging in research and development of high 
technology manufacturing and other subsidies of HK$9,795,000 
(2023: HK$21,835,000), amortisation of government grants received 
in relation to acquisitions of machineries of HK$21,224,000 (2023: 
HK$48,522,000), incentive related to production of HK$811,000 (2023: 
HK$781,000) and incentives granted in relation to staff retention of 
HK$2,787,000 (2023: HK$469,000). There are no unfulfilled conditions 
attaching to these government grants.
6 PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION
Profit before taxation is arrived at after charging:
2024 2023
$’000 $’000
(a) Finance costs
Interest on lease liabilities 
 (note 21(d)) 1,383 921
Interest on bank borrowings 
 (note 21(d)) 13,979 24,299
   
15,362 25,220
   
(b) Other items
Trade receivables and 
 amounts due from 
 associates in respect of:
— Expected credit 
   loss allowance 10,855 7,298
Cost of inventories 
 (note 19(b)) 12,290,039 9,620,357
Research and development 
 costs 284,160 236,522
Contributions to defined 
 contribution retirement 
 plans 74,359 64,886
Equity settled share-based 
 payment expenses 13,374 20,385
   

===== PAGE 160 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited158
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
2024 2023
$’000 $’000
(c) Other operating expenses
Amortisation of intangible 
 assets 4,064 3,153
Auditors’ remuneration
 — Audit services 3,232 3,281
 — Assurance services 583 586
 — Tax and other services 115 31
Bank charges 5,301 3,387
Building management fee 8,726 9,354
Provision of expected 
 credit losses allowance 
 on trade receivables and 
 amounts due from 
 associates 10,855 7,298
Factory consumables, 
 cleaning and security 
 service expenses 62,168 34,340
Freight charges 99,938 73,620
Insurance expenses 6,252 3,640
Legal and professional fees 18,784 10,592
Office expenses 12,651 11,702
Other taxes, 
 surcharge & duties 38,971 23,893
Repair and maintenance 39,787 36,639
Sales, marketing, 
 commission and quality 
 assurance expenses 127,300 61,997
Subcontracting fees 77,771 26,842
Trademark licence fee 14,552 19,305
Travelling and 
 entertainment expenses 41,229 36,612
Utilities expenses 86,273 82,095
Expense related 
 short term lease 11,127 16,150
Miscellaneous expenses 1,428 1,185
   
671,107 465,702
   
7 INCOME TAX IN THE 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF 
PROFIT OR LOSS
(a) TAXATION IN THE CONSOLIDATED  
STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS 
REPRESENTS:
2024 2023
$’000 $’000
Current tax — 
 Hong Kong Profits Tax
Provision for the year 33,456 22,226
Over-provision in respect 
 of prior years (2,135) (492)
   
31,321 21,734
   
Current tax — 
 PRC income taxes
Provision for the year 37,483 23,614
Under-provision in 
 respect of prior years 1,311 9,795
   
38,794 33,409
   
Current tax — 
 Jurisdictions outside 
 Hong Kong and the 
 PRC 
Provision for the year 4,621 6,276
(Over)/under-provision 
 in respect of prior years (2,509) 1,755
   
2,112 8,031
   
Deferred tax
Origination and reversal of 
 temporary differences 
 (note 25(b)) (51,721) (4,223)
   
20,506 58,951
   
6 PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION 
(CONTINUED)

===== PAGE 161 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 159
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
(iii)  Jurisdictions outside Hong Kong and the 
Chinese Mainland
Taxation for subsidiaries with operations outside Hong Kong 
and the Chinese Mainland is charged at the appropriate current 
rates of taxation ruling in the relevant tax jurisdictions.
(b) RECONCILIATION BETWEEN TAX 
EXPENSE AND ACCOUNTING 
PROFIT AT APPLICABLE TAX 
RATES:
2024 2023
$’000 $’000
Profit before taxation 422,091 540,032
   
Notional tax on profit 
 before taxation, 
 calculated at the 
 rates applicable 
 to profits in the tax 
 jurisdictions 
 concerned 70,446 86,442
Tax effect of 
 non-deductible 
 expenses 10,456 5,625
Tax effect of 
 non-taxable income (22,455) (9,844)
Effect on research and 
 development bonus 
 deduction (29,669) (34,388)
Tax effect of unused 
 tax losses not 
 recognised 8,009 9,710
Tax effect of other 
 temporary difference 
 not recognised 1,413 (9,664)
Tax effect of previously 
 unrecognised tax 
 losses recognised 
 this year (13,129) –
Utilisation of unused 
 tax losses previously 
 not recognised (1,276) (25)
(Over)/under provisions 
 in prior years (3,333) 11,058
Others 44 37
   
Actual tax expense 20,506 58,951
   
7 INCOME TAX IN THE 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF 
PROFIT OR LOSS (CONTINUED)
(a) TAXATION IN THE CONSOLIDATED  
STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS 
REPRESENTS: (CONTINUED)
(i)  Hong Kong Profits Tax
The Group’s operations in Hong Kong are subject to Hong Kong 
Profits Tax at a rate of 16.5%.
(ii)  PRC income taxes
The Group’s operations in the Chinese Mainland are subject 
to Corporate Income Tax Law of the People Republic of 
China(“PRC”). The standard Corporate Income Tax rate is 25%.
Varitronix (Heyuan) Display Technology Limited (“Varitronix 
Heyuan”), REHEO technology Co. Ltd. (“REHEO”) and Varitronix 
Automobile Electronics (Huizhou) Co., Ltd (“Varitronix Huizhou”), 
subsidiaries of the Group, were designated as high and new 
technology enterprise, which qualified for a reduced Corporate 
Income Tax rate of 15%. Chengdu BOE Automotive Display 
Technology Co., Ltd. (“Chengdu Automotive”), subsidiary of 
the Group was entitled to preferential tax policy of the western 
development and was subject to the preferential Corporate 
Income Tax rate of 15%. Accordingly, the Varitronix Heyuan, 
REHEO, Varitronix Huizhou and Chengdu Automotive’s 
applicable tax rate are 15% for the periods ended 31 December 
2024 and 2023.
According to relevant laws and regulations promulgated by the 
State Administration of Taxation of the PRC, Varitronix Heyuan 
and Chengdu Automotive was entitled to the bonus deduction 
of its certain research and development costs incurred as tax 
deductible expenses when determining its assessable profits 
for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023. The Group 
made their best estimate for the bonus deduction to be claimed 
for Varitronix Heyuan in ascertaining its assessable profits for 
the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023.
Other subsidiaries of the Group incorporated in the Chinese 
Mainland are subject to the standard PRC Corporate Income 
Tax rate of 25%.
Withholding tax is levied on dividend distributions arising from 
profits of the Chinese Mainland entities of the Group earned 
after 1 January 2008 based on an applicable tax rate at 5%.

===== PAGE 162 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited160
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
7 INCOME TAX IN THE 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF 
PROFIT OR LOSS (CONTINUED)
(c) PILLAR TWO INCOME TAX
In December 2021, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation 
and Development published Tax Challenges Arising from the 
Digitalisation of the Economy – Global Anti-Base Erosion Model 
Rules (“Pillar Two legislation”). According to the rules of Pillar 
Two legislation, low-tax jurisdictions with effective tax rate 
below 15% may have a Top-up Tax impact. Some of jurisdictions 
where the Group’s overseas operating institutions are located, 
had implemented Pillar Two legislation during the reporting 
period. The Group has applied the temporary mandatory 
exception to recognising and disclosing information about 
deferred tax assets and liabilities related to Pillar Two income 
taxes and accounted for the tax as current tax when incurred.
Both Chinese Mainland and Hong Kong in which the Group 
has business operations have not enacted new tax laws 
to implement the Pillar Two model rules published by the 
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development for 
the year ended 31 December 2024. If the new tax laws had 
applied in both regions in 2024, the Group does not expect to 
be subject to a new top-up tax in relation to its operations in 
Chinese Mainland and Hong Kong.
8 DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS
Directors’ emoluments disclosed pursuant to section 383(1) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies 
(Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation are as follows:
YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Directors’ 
fees Salary
Other 
benefit
Discretionary
bonuses
Retirement
scheme
contributions Sub-total
Share-
based
payments Total
$’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000
Executive Directors
Gao Wenbao – – – – – – – –
Ko Wing Yan, Samantha – 2,400 – 210 18 2,628 352 2,980
Su Ning – 1,008 – 1,058 238 2,304 722 3,026
Non-executive Directors
Shao Xibin – – – – – – – –
Jin Hao – – – – – – – –
Meng Chao – – – – – – – –
Independent  
 non-executive Directors
Fung, Yuk Kan Peter 200 – – – – 200 141 341
Chu, Howard Ho Hwa 200 – – – – 200 141 341
Pang Chunlin 200 – – – – 200 112 312
         
Total 600 3,408 – 1,268 256 5,532 1,468 7,000
         

===== PAGE 163 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 161
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
8 DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS (CONTINUED)
YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023
Directors’
fees Salary
Other 
benefit
Discretionary
bonuses
Retirement
scheme
contributions Sub-total
Share-
based
payments Total
$’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000
Executive Directors
Gao Wenbao – – – – – – – –
Ko Wing Yan, Samantha – 2,400 – 140 18 2,558 812 3,370
Su Ning – 1,010 1,127 786 230 3,153 851 4,004
Non-executive Directors
Shao Xibin – – – – – – – –
Jin Hao – – – – – – – –
Meng Chao – – – – – – – –
Zhang Jianqiang – – – – – – – –
Independent 
 non-executive Directors
Fung, Yuk Kan Peter 200 – – – – 200 118 318
Chu, Howard Ho Hwa 200 – – – – 200 118 318
Hou Ziqiang 98 – – – – 98 118 216
Pang Chunlin 147 – – – – 147 – 147
         
Total 645 3,410 1,127 926 248 6,356 2,017 8,373
         
Note: During the years of 2024 and 2023, no directors exercised share options.

===== PAGE 164 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited162
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
9 INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST 
EMOLUMENTS
Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments, two (2023: 
two) are Directors, whose emoluments are disclosed in note 8. 
The aggregate of the emoluments in respect of the other three 
(2023: three) individuals are as follows:
2024 2023
$’000 $’000
Salaries and other 
 emoluments 4,440 4,448
Discretionary bonuses 923 1,299
Share-based payments 1,036 1,388
Retirement scheme 
 contributions 88 88
   
 6,487 7,223
   
The emoluments of the three (2023: three) individuals with the 
highest emoluments are within the following band:
2024 2023
Number of
individual
Number of
individual
$1,500,001–$2,000,000 1 –
$2,000,001–$2,500,000 2 2
$2,500,001–$3,000,000 – 1
   
10 OTHER COMPREHENSIVE 
INCOME
There are no tax effects in respect of the components of other 
comprehensive income.
Components of other comprehensive income are as follows:
2024 2023
$’000 $’000
Exchange translation 
 adjustments:
Exchange differences 
 on translation of 
 financial statements 
 of operations outside 
 Hong Kong (65,343) (26,894)   
11 EARNINGS PER SHARE
(a) BASIC EARNINGS PER SHARE
The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on the 
consolidated profit attributable to ordinary equity shareholders 
of the Company of HK$391,282,000 (2023: HK$475,260,000) and 
the weighted average of 788,571,961 ordinary shares (2023: 
786,365,101 ordinary shares) in issue during the year, calculated 
as follows:
Weighted average number of ordinary shares
2024 2023
Issued ordinary shares 
 at 31 December 788,571,961 786,365,101
   
(b) DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE
The calculation of diluted earnings per share is based on the 
consolidated profit attributable to equity shareholders of the 
Company of HK$391,282,000 (2023: HK$475,260,000) and 
the weighted average of 790,536,366 ordinary shares (2023: 
788,953,698 ordinary shares), calculated as follows:
Weighted average number of ordinary shares 
(diluted)
2024 2023
Weighted average number 
 of ordinary shares 
 at 31 December 788,571,961 786,365,101
Effect of deemed issue of 
 share under Company’s 
 share option scheme 
 for nil consideration – 67,855
Effect of Share Award Plan 1,964,405 2,520,742
   
Weighted average number 
 of ordinary shares 
 (diluted) at 31 December 790,536,366 788,953,698
   

===== PAGE 165 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 163
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
(i)  Group’s revenues from external 
customers
2024 2023
$’000 $’000
(Restated)
The PRC 8,349,868 6,173,725
   
Europe 2,444,354 2,536,252
America 837,619 570,322
Japan 1,156,877 772,530
Korea 375,989 304,053
Others 283,799 403,534
   
5,098,638 4,586,691
   
Consolidated revenue 13,448,506 10,760,416
   
(ii)  Group’s specified non-current assets
2024 2023
$’000 $’000
The PRC 
 (place of domicile) 2,074,262 1,765,921
Others 15,551 18,720
   
2,089,813 1,784,641
   
12 SEGMENT REPORTING
(a) OPERATING SEGMENT RESULTS
The Group manages its business as a single unit and, 
accordingly, the design, manufacture and sale of liquid crystal 
displays and related products is the only reporting segment 
and virtually all of the revenue and operating profits are 
derived from this business segment. The consolidated financial 
statements are already presented in a manner consistent 
with the way in which information is reported internally to the 
Group’s most senior executive management for the purposes of 
resource allocation and performance assessment. Accordingly, 
no separate business segment information is disclosed.
The chief operating decision-maker has been identified as the 
Board. The Board reviews the Group’s internal reporting in order 
to assess performance and allocate resources. Management 
has determined that a single operating segment exists based on 
this internal reporting.
The Board assesses the performance of the operating 
segments based on revenue which is consistent with that in 
the consolidated financial statements. Other information, being 
the total assets excluding deferred tax assets, other financial 
assets, current tax recoverable and the interest in associates, 
all of which are managed on a central basis, are provided to the 
Board to assess the performance of the operating segment.
(b) GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION
The following tables set out information about the geographical 
location of (i) the Group’s revenues from external customers 
and (ii) the Group’s property, plant and equipment and 
intangible assets (“specified non-current assets”). The 
geographical location is based on the location of customers 
is distributed. The geographical location of the specified non-
current assets is based on the physical location of the asset, 
in the case of property, plant and equipment, the location of 
operation to which they are allocated, in the case of intangible 
assets.
In the current financial year, the Group has changed its 
presentation of revenue geographic information from “Revenue 
by Delivery Locations” to “Revenue by Location of Sourcing 
Decision of Customers” so as to enhance clarity of the reported 
numbers. The new presentation better reflects how the 
Group manage customer relationships and provides improved 
insights into our customer demographics and market presence. 
Consequently, the comparative figures for the previous 
reporting period have been restated to ensure consistency.

===== PAGE 166 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited164
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
13 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Ownership
interests 
in land and 
buildings
held for 
own use
Other 
properties
leased for 
own use 
carried at
cost
Plant, 
machinery,
tools and
equipment
Construction
in progress
Office
 equipment
Others
(note) Sub-total
Interest in
leasehold 
land held 
for own use Total
$’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000
Cost
At 1 January 2023 269,876 31,822 1,748,149 885,713 56,620 152,099 3,144,279 63,359 3,207,638
Exchange adjustments (3,598) (51) (24,788) (13,008) (1,504) (2,415) (45,364) (1,612) (46,976)
Additions 680 20,516 81,685 355,612 17,753 22,054 498,300 – 498,300
Transfer 391,690 – 729,727 (1,206,282) 83,179 1,686 – – –
Disposals – (14,902) (51,021) – (1,118) (857) (67,898) – (67,898)
          
At 31 December 2023 658,648 37,385 2,483,752 22,035 154,930 172,567 3,529,317 61,747 3,591,064
          
At 1 January 2024 658,648 37,385 2,483,752 22,035 154,930 172,567 3,529,317 61,747 3,591,064
Exchange adjustments  (14,081) (748) (48,614) (3,991) (7,406) (2,791) (77,631) (1,320)  (78,951)
Additions  15,529 28,413 115,622  396,847 30,150 9,573 596,134 –  596,134
Transfer 37,858 – 244,538  (290,313) 7,913 4 – – -
Disposals – (13,222)  (250,288)  – (7,736) (6,612) (277,858) –  (277,858)
          
At 31 December 2024 697,954 51,828 2,545,010 124,578 177,851 172,741 3,769,962 60,427  3,830,389
          

===== PAGE 167 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 165
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
13 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)
Ownership
 interests 
in land and 
buildings 
held for 
own use
Other
 properties
 leased for
 own use
 carried at
 cost
Plant,
 machinery,
 tools and
 equipment
Construction
 in progress
Office
 equipment
Others
(note) Sub-total
Interest in
 leasehold
 land held 
for own use Total
$’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000
Accumulated amortisation 
 and depreciation:
At 1 January 2023 103,062 20,120 1,412,705 – 43,118 125,752 1,704,757 12,581 1,717,338
Exchange adjustments (1,437) (149) (16,743) – (987) (558) (19,874) (205) (20,079)
Charge for the year 14,989 11,120 154,698 – 10,617 7,764 199,188 2,922 202,110
Written back on disposals – (14,902) (51,021) – (1,105) (857) (67,885) – (67,885)
          
At 31 December 2023 116,614 16,189 1,499,639 – 51,643 132,101 1,816,186 15,298 1,831,484
          
At 1 January 2024 116,614 16,189 1,499,639 – 51,643 132,101 1,816,186 15,298 1,831,484
Exchange adjustments (3,211) (284) (22,286) – (961) (1,812) (28,554) 284 (28,270)
Charge for the year 19,946 15,385 178,536 – 17,361 10,762  241,990 2,311 244,301
Written back on disposals – (13,222) (250,260) – (7,417) (6,612)  (277,511) –  (277,511)
          
At 31 December 2024 133,349 18,068 1,405,629 – 60,626 134,439 1,752,111 17,893  1,770,004
          
Net book value:
At 31 December 2024 564,605 33,760 1,139,381 124,578 117,225 38,302  2,017,851 42,534 2,060,385
          
At 31 December 2023 542,034 21,196 984,113 22,035 103,287 40,466 1,713,131 46,449 1,759,580
          
Note: Other property, plant and equipment comprise mainly leasehold improvements, furniture, fixture and motor vehicles.

===== PAGE 168 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited166
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
13 PROPERTY, PLANT AND 
EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)
(a) RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS:
The analysis of the net book value of right-of-use assets by 
class of underlying asset is as follows:
2024 2023
Note $’000 $’000
Ownership interests 
 in leasehold land and 
 buildings held for own 
 use (i)
— in Hong Kong 175 183
— outside Hong Kong 564,430 537,514
    
564,605 537,697
Interest in leasehold land 
 held for own use outside 
 Hong Kong (i) 42,534 46,449
Other properties leased 
 for own use, carried at 
 depreciated cost (ii) 33,760 21,196
    
640,899 605,324
    
The analysis of expense items in relation to leases recognised 
in profit or loss is as follows:
2024 2023
$’000 $’000
Depreciation charge 
 of right-of-use assets 
 by class of underlying 
 asset:
Ownership interests 
 in leasehold land and 
 buildings held for 
 own use 19,946 14,689
Interest in leasehold 
 land held for own use 2,311 2,922
Other properties leased 
 for own use 15,385 11,120
Motor vehicles – 207
   
37,642 28,938
   
Interest on lease 
 liabilities (note 6(a)) 1,383 921
Expense relating to 
 short term leases 11,127 16,150
   
During the year, additions to right-of-use assets were 
HK$28,413,000 (2023: HK$20,516,000).
Details of the maturity analysis of lease liabilities are set out in 
note 24.
(i)  Ownership interests in leasehold land 
and buildings held for own use
The Group holds several buildings for its manufacturing plants 
and a property as staff quarter. The Group is the registered 
owner of these property interests, including the whole or part 
of undivided share in the underlying land. Lump sum payments 
were made upfront to acquire these property interests from 
their previous registered owners, and there are no ongoing 
payments to be made under the terms of the land lease, other 
than payments based on rateable values set by the relevant 
government authorities. These payments vary from time to time 
and are payable to the relevant government authorities. The 
amount transfer from construction in progress to ownership 
interests in leasehold land and buildings held for own use is 
HK$Nil as of 31 December 2024 (2023: HK$391,690,000).
(ii)  Other properties leased for own use
The Group has obtained the right to use other properties as its 
offices through tenancy agreements. The leases typically run 
for an initial period of 1 to 3 years.
(iii)  Other leases
The Group leases motor vehicles under leases expiring within 
two years. None of the leases includes variable lease payments.

===== PAGE 169 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 167
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
14 INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Computer
 software
$’000
Cost:
At 1 January 2023 27,751
Additions 6,125
Exchange adjustments (68)
  
At 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024 33,808
Additions 8,659
Exchange adjustments (274)
  
At 31 December 2024 42,193
  
Accumulated amortisation:
At 1 January 2023 5,578
Charge for the year 3,153
Exchange adjustments 16
  
At 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024 8,747
Charge for the year 4,064
Exchange adjustments (46)
  
At 31 December 2024 12,765
  
Net book value:
At 31 December 2024 29,428
  
At 31 December 2023 25,061
  
The amortisation charge for the year is included in “other operating expenses” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

===== PAGE 170 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited168
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
15 INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES AND A CONTROLLED STRUCTURED 
ENTITY
(a) INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES
The following list contains only particulars of subsidiaries which principally affected the results, assets or liabilities of the Group. The 
class of shares held is ordinary unless otherwise stated.
Proportion of ownership interest
Name of company
Place of
incorporation/
operation
Particulars of issued
share capital/
registered capital
Group’s
effective
interest
Held by
the Company
Held by a
subsidiary
Principal 
activities
Chengdu BOE Automotive Display 
 Technology Co., Ltd. #
The People’s 
Republic of China
Paid up registered capital
of RMB1,500,000,000
100% – 100% Manufacture and 
sales of LCDs and 
related products
Varitronix (Chengdu) Display 
 Technology Co., Ltd. 
 (“Chengdu Vx”) #
The People’s 
Republic of China
Paid-up registered capital
of RMB305,145,455
100% – 100% Sales of LCDs and 
related products
Hefei BOE Vehicle Display 
 Technology Co., Ltd. #
The People’s 
Republic of China
Paid-up registered capital
of RMB387,714,246
100% – 100% Sales of LCDs and 
related products
Link Score Investment Limited Hong Kong 100 ordinary shares 100% – 100% Investment holding
Varitronix Limited Hong Kong 2 ordinary shares 
1,848 non-voting 
deferred ordinary shares
100% – 100% Design and sale of 
LCDs and related 
products
Varitronix France SAS France 2,500 ordinary 
shares of €15.25 each
100% – 100% Marketing and 
sales consultants
Varitronix GmbH Germany 100,000 shares of 
€0.51 each
100% – 100% Marketing and 
sales consultants
Varitronix (Heyuan) Display 
 Technology Limited #
The People’s 
Republic of China
Paid-up registered capital
of RMB1,054,353,144
100% – 100% Manufacture and 
sales of LCDs and 
related products
Varitronix Italy s.r.l. Italy 12,000 ordinary 
shares of €1 each
100% – 100% Marketing and 
sales consultants
Varitronix (Shenzhen) Automobile 
 Technology Co., Ltd. #
The People’s 
Republic of China
Paid-up registered capital
of RMB50,000,000
100% – 100% Design and sale of 
LCDs and related 
products
Varitronix (Switzerland) GmbH Switzerland Registered capital 
CHF30,000
100% – 100% Marketing and 
sales consultants
Varitronix (U.K.) Limited United Kingdom 100 ordinary 
shares of GBP10 each
100% – 100% Marketing and 
sales consultants
VL Electronics, Inc. United States 5,000 common 
stock of US$10 each
100% – 100% Marketing and 
sales consultants

===== PAGE 171 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 169
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
Proportion of ownership interest
Name of company
Place of
incorporation/
operation
Particulars of issued
share capital/
registered capital
Group’s
effective
interest
Held by
the Company
Held by a
subsidiary
Principal 
activities
Varitronix (Japan) Limited Japan 1,000 ordinary 
stock of JPY10,000 each
100% – 100% Marketing and 
sales consultants
睿合科技有限公司# The People’s 
Republic of China 
Registered capital of 
RMB100,000,000 (note)
50.1% – 50.1% Manufacture and 
sales of LCDs and 
related products
Varitronix Automobile Electronics 
 (Huizhou) Co., Ltd. #
The People’s 
Republic of China 
Registered capital of
 RMB50,000,000
100% – 100% Design and sales of 
LCDs and related 
products
       
#Name of company Type of legal entity
— Chengdu BOE Automotive Display Technology Co., Ltd Wholly-owned foreign enterprise
— Varitronix (Chengdu) Display Technology Co., Ltd. Wholly-owned foreign enterprise
— Hefei BOE Vehicle Display Technology Co., Ltd. Wholly-owned foreign enterprise
— Varitronix (Heyuan) Display Technology Limited Wholly-owned foreign enterprise
— Varitronix (Shenzhen) Automobile Technology Co., Ltd Wholly-owned foreign enterprise
— 睿合科技有限公司 Non-wholly-owned foreign enterprise
— Varitronix Automobile Electronics (Huizhou) Co., Ltd Wholly-owned foreign enterprise
Note: The amount represented the registered capital which is not fully paid up yet.
(b) INVESTMENT IN A CONTROLLED STRUCTURED ENTITY
The Company directly controlled a trust (the “Share Award Plan Trust”) that was set up in relation to the Group’s Share Award 
Plan adopted on 28 August 2020 (the “Share Award Plan”). The sole purpose of the Share Award Plan Trust is the purchasing, 
administering and holding the Company’s shares under the Share Award Plan for the benefit of eligible employees (see note 27). 
The Company has the power to direct the relevant activities of the Share Award Plan Trust and it has the ability to use its power 
over the trust to affect its exposure to returns. Therefore, the Share Award Plan Trust is considered as a controlled structured entity 
of the Group.
15 INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES AND A CONTROLLED STRUCTURED 
ENTITY (CONTINUED)
(a) INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

===== PAGE 172 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited170
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
16 NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS
The following table lists out the information in respective each of the Group’s subsidiaries which have material non-controlling 
interests (“NCI”). The summarised financial information presented below represents the amounts before any inter-company 
elimination.
睿合科技有限公司
2024 2023
$’000 $’000
NCI percentage 49.9% 49.9%
Non-current assets 73,639 65,065
Current assets 277,820 208,126
Current liabilities (142,069) (117,347)
Non-current liabilities (78,711) (43,386)
Net assets 130,679 112,458
Carrying amount of NCI 65,209 56,116   
Revenue 729,243 727,342
Profit for the year 20,647 11,666
Total comprehensive income 20,647 11,666
Profit allocated to NCI 10,303 5,821   
Cash outflows from operating activities (5,968) (67,266)
Cash outflows from investing activities (20,122) (2,276)
Cash inflows from financing activities 18,306 66,746   
17 INTEREST IN ASSOCIATES/AMOUNTS DUE FROM ASSOCIATES
2024 2023
$’000 $’000
(a) Non-current asset:  
Interest in associates – –
(b) Current asset:
Amounts due from associates* – 12,220
   
– 12,220
   
* Amounts due from associates are trade nature and expected to be recovered within one year.

===== PAGE 173 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 171
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
17 INTEREST IN ASSOCIATES/AMOUNTS DUE FROM ASSOCIATES 
(CONTINUED)
PARTICULARS OF THE ASSOCIATES
Set out below are the particulars of the major associate of the Group:
Name of associate
Place of 
incorporation 
and operation
Particulars of 
issued share 
capital/registered
 capital
Attributable 
indirect equity
 interest % held Principal activity
Hefei Jiangcheng Technology Co., Ltd. 
 (“Hefei Jiangcheng”)*
The People’s 
Republic of China
Registered capital 
of RMB38,481,809
46.24% Design and sale of 
display products
     
Aggregate information of associates that are not individually material:
2023
$’000
Aggregate amounts of the Group’s share of those associates’ loss and total comprehensive income (4,471)
  
* During the year of 2024, one of the subsidiary of the Group entered into a sales and purchase agreement with an independent third party to dispose of 
its entire shareholding of Hefei Jiangcheng with a consideration of RMB24,220,000 (equivalent to HK$26,156,000). The transaction was completed on 3 
December 2024.

===== PAGE 174 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited172
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
18 OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS
2024 2023
$’000 $’000
Non-current portion
Financial assets measured at fair 
 value through profit or loss
— Listed equity securities 
   in Hong Kong 38,486 –
— Unlisted equity securities 
   outside Hong Kong 1,700 41,897
   
40,186 41,897
   
Current portion
Financial assets measured at fair 
 value through profit or loss
— Issued by financial institutions 
   outside Hong Kong (note) 389,759 –
Financial assets measured at 
 amortised cost
— Issued by financial institutions 
   outside Hong Kong – 15,405
   
389,759 15,405
   
Note: The balances as at 31 December 2024 represent the investments in 
the structured deposit products which were issued by the Company’s 
principal bankers with a guaranteed principal and a floating return.
19 INVENTORIES
(a)  INVENTORIES IN THE 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF 
FINANCIAL POSITION COMPRISE:
2024 2023
$’000 $’000
Raw materials 577,932 467,614
Work in progress 409,565 571,548
Finished goods 790,882 907,939
   
1,778,379 1,947,101
   
(b)  THE ANALYSIS OF THE AMOUNT 
OF INVENTORIES RECOGNISED AS 
AN EXPENSE IS AS FOLLOWS:
2024 2023
$’000 $’000
Carrying amount of 
 inventories sold 12,178,832 9,475,953
Write-down of 
 inventories 149,413 150,147
Reversal of write-down 
 of inventories (38,206) (5,743)
   
12,290,039 9,620,357
   
The reversal of write-down of inventories made in prior years 
arose due to subsequent utilisation of certain inventories as a 
result of a change in customers’ specifications on the products.

===== PAGE 175 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 173
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
20 TRADE AND OTHER 
RECEIVABLES, DEPOSITS AND 
PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER 
CONTRACT COSTS
2024 2023
$’000 $’000
Trade debtors and 
 bills receivable, 
 net of expected 
 credit loss allowance 2,895,566 2,211,401
Other tax recoverable 219,431 109,807
Other receivables 45,603 114,521
Amount due from 
 non-controlling interest 11,984 11,984
Deposits and 
 prepayments 143,478 161,506
Other contract costs 48,717 47,546
   
3,364,779 2,656,765
Non-current deposits 
 and prepayments (38,822) (101,264)
   
3,325,957 2,555,501
   
Non-current deposits and prepayments were paid for the TFT 
tooling costs and purchases of plant and equipment.
(a)  AGEING ANALYSIS
As at the end of the reporting period, the ageing analysis of 
trade debtors and bills receivable (which are included in trade 
and other receivables, deposits and prepayments and other 
contract costs), based on the invoice date and net of expected 
credit loss allowance and allowance for sales return, is as 
follows:
2024 2023
$’000 $’000
Within 60 days of the 
 invoice issue date 2,140,687 1,482,570
61 to 90 days after the 
 invoice issue date 435,973 378,849
91 to 120 days after the 
 invoice issue date 183,870 255,079
More than 120 days but 
 less than 12 months 
 after the invoice 
 issue date 135,036 94,903
   
2,895,566 2,211,401
   
Trade debtors and bills receivable are generally due within 60 to 
90 days from the date of billing. Further details on the Group’s 
credit policy are set out in note 29(a).

===== PAGE 176 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited174
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
20 TRADE AND OTHER 
RECEIVABLES, DEPOSITS AND 
PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER 
CONTRACT COSTS (CONTINUED)
(b)  CONTRACT COSTS
Contract costs capitalised relate to the incremental costs of 
obtaining contracts relating to the sale of goods. Contract costs 
are recognised in the statement of profit or loss in the period 
in which revenue from the related sales is recognised. The 
amount of capitalised costs recognised in profit or loss during 
the year was HK$7,058,000 (2023: HK$9,779,000). There was no 
impairment in relation to the capitalised contract costs during 
the year (2023: HK$Nil).
The Group applies the practical expedient in HKFRS 15 and 
recognises the incremental costs of obtaining contracts 
relating to the sale of goods as an expense when incurred if 
the amortisation period of the assets that the Group otherwise 
would have recognised is within the same reporting period as 
the date of entering into the contract.
The amount of capitalised contract costs that is expected to be 
recognised after more than one year is HK$42,184,000 (2023: 
HK$46,691,000).
21 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, 
FIXED DEPOSITS WITH BANKS 
AND RESTRICTED BANK 
DEPOSITS
(a)  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
AND FIXED DEPOSITS WITH 
BANKS COMPRISE:
2024 2023
$’000 $’000
Fixed deposits with 
 banks with more than 
 three months to 
 maturity when placed 843,817 –
   
Fixed deposits with 
 banks with three 
 months or less to 
 maturity when placed 671,473 1,258,701
Cash at banks and 
 on hand 2,028,668 2,242,059
   
Cash and cash 
 equivalents 2,700,141 3,500,760
   
(i) At 31 December 2024, included in cash and cash 
equivalents were amounts of approximately HK$3,779,000 
(2023: HK$8,606,000) placed at the Share Award Plan 
Trust for purchasing its own shares through the trustee 
from the open market for the shares to be granted under 
the Share Award Plan.
(ii) As at 31 December 2024, cash and cash equivalents and 
fixed deposits situated in Chinese Mainland amounted to 
HK$1,154,336,000 (2023: HK$1,829,326,000). Remittance 
of funds out of Chinese Mainland is subject to relevant 
rules and regulations of foreign exchange control.
(b)  RESTRICTED BANK DEPOSITS:
2024 2023
$’000 $’000
Restricted bank deposits 188,427 55,884
Non-current restricted 
 bank deposits (41,101) –
   
147,326 55,884
   
As at 31 December 2024, the amount of HK$147,326,000 (2023: 
HK$55,884,000) are deposit at bank which are restricted under 
conditions.

===== PAGE 177 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 175
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
21 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, 
FIXED DEPOSITS WITH BANKS 
AND RESTRICTED BANK 
DEPOSITS (CONTINUED)
(c)  RECONCILIATION OF PROFIT 
BEFORE TAXATION TO CASH 
GENERATED FROM OPERATIONS:
2024 2023
Notes $’000 $’000
Profit before taxation 422,091 540,032
Adjustments for:
 Depreciation 13 244,301 202,110
 Amortisation 14 4,064 3,153
 Finance costs 6(a) 15,362 25,220
 Interest income 5 (115,440) (93,282)
 Share of losses of associates – 4,471
 Net gain on disposal of 
  property, plant and 
  equipment 5 (535) (1,708)
 Equity settled share-based 
  payment expenses 6(b) 13,374 20,385
 Amortisation of 
  government grants 5 (21,224) (48,522)
 Changes in fair value of 
  other financial assets 5 (8,344) 716
 Gain on disposal of 
  investments in associates 5 (26,765) –
 Foreign exchange loss 144,033 90,571    
670,917 743,146
Changes in working capital:
Decrease/(increase) in 
 inventories 135,717 (398,345)
Increase in trade and other 
 receivables, deposits and 
 prepayments and other 
 contract costs (719,215) (347,096)
Increase in trade and other 
 payables 1,431,112 1,309,178
    
Cash generated from 
 operations 1,518,531 1,306,883
    
(d)  RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES 
ARISING FROM FINANCING 
ACTIVITIES
The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities from 
financing activities, including both cash and non-cash changes. 
Liabilities arising from financing activities are liabilities for which 
cash flows were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the 
Group’s consolidated cash flow statement as cash flows from 
financing activities.
Bank 
loans
Lease 
liabilities Total
$’000 $’000 $’000
(note 23) (note 24)
At 1 January 2023 667,200 11,794 678,994
    
Changes from 
 financing cash flows:
Capital element of 
 lease rentals paid – (10,349) (10,349)
Interest element of 
 lease rentals paid – (921) (921)
Proceeds from new 
 bank loans 619,936 – 619,936
Repayment of bank loans (667,200) – (667,200)
Interest paid (24,299) – (24,299)
    
Total changes from 
 financing cash flows (71,563) (11,270) (82,833)
    
Exchange Adjustment: – 105 105
    
Other changes:
Increase in lease liabilities 
 from entering into new 
 leases during the period – 20,516 20,516
Finance costs (note 6(a)) 24,299 921 25,220
    
Total other changes 24,299 21,437 45,736
    
At 31 December 2023 
 and 1 January 2024 619,936 22,066 642,002
    
Changes from 
 financing cash flows:
Capital element of 
 lease rentals paid – (14,922) (14,922)
Interest element of 
 lease rentals paid – (1,383) (1,383)
Proceeds from new 
 bank loans 275,316 – 275,316
Repayment of bank loans (516,354) – (516,354)
Interest paid (13,979) – (13,979)
    
Total changes from 
 financing cash flows (255,017) (16,305) (271,322)
    
Exchange Adjustment: (3,112) (651) (3,763)
    
Other changes:
Increase in lease liabilities 
 from entering into new 
 leases during the period – 28,413 28,413
Finance costs (note 6(a)) 13,979 1,383 15,362
    
Total other changes 13,979 29,796 43,775
    
At 31 December 2024 375,786 34,906 410,692
    

===== PAGE 178 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited176
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
21 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, 
FIXED DEPOSITS WITH BANKS 
AND RESTRICTED BANK 
DEPOSITS (CONTINUED)
(e)  TOTAL CASH OUTFLOW FOR 
LEASES
Amounts included in the cash flow statements for leases 
comprise the following:
2024 2023
$’000 $’000
Within operating 
 cash flows 11,127 16,150
Within financing 
 cash flows 16,305 11,270
   
27,432 27,420
   
22 TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
2024 2023
$’000 $’000
Trade creditors 5,367,226 3,808,181
Accrued charges, 
 provisions and 
 other payables 558,795 664,717
Tooling fees received 
 in advance 223,059 215,715
Contract liabilities 79,062 49,517
   
6,228,142 4,738,130
   
All creditors and accrued charges are expected to be 
settled or recognised as income within one year or are 
repayable on demand. During the year ended 31 December 
2024, HK64,345,000 of tooling fees received in advance 
has been recognised as revenue in the profit or loss (2023: 
HK$65,927,000) and advanced payments of HK$71,689,000 has 
been received from customers (2023: HK$130,457,000). As of 31 
December 2024, the amount of tooling fees received in advance 
which are expected to be recognised as income after more than 
one year is HK$97,763,000 (2023: HK$41,226,000).
(a)  AGEING ANALYSIS:
As at the end of the reporting period, the ageing analysis of 
trade creditors and bills payable (which are included in trade 
and other payables), based on the invoice date, is as follows:
2024 2023
$’000 $’000
Within 60 days of 
 supplier invoice date 4,386,214 3,242,495
61 to 120 days after 
 supplier invoice date 477,513 377,646
More than 120 days but 
 within 12 months after 
 supplier invoice date 297,842 131,089
More than 12 months 
 after supplier invoice 
 date 205,657 56,951
   
5,367,226 3,808,181
   
(b)  MOVEMENTS IN CONTRACT 
LIABILITIES
2024 2023
$’000 $’000
Balance at 1 January 49,517 30,411
Decrease in contract 
 liabilities as a result 
 of recognising 
 revenue during the 
 year that was 
 included in the 
 contract liabilities 
 at the beginning 
 of the period (49,517) (30,411)
Increase in contract 
 liabilities as a result of 
 receiving advances 
 from customers 
 during the year 79,062 49,517
   
Balance at 31 December 79,062 49,517
   
When the Group receives a deposit before the production 
activity commences this will give rise to contract liabilities at the 
start of a contract, until the revenue recognised on the project 
exceeds the amount of the deposit. The amount of deposit is 
negotiated on a case by case basis with customers. All contract 
liabilities are expected to be recognised as income within one 
year.

===== PAGE 179 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 177
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
22 TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES 
(CONTINUED)
(c)  PROVISIONS
Provision for product warranties
HK$’000
At 1 January 2024 46,220
Additional provisions made 104,096
Provisions utilised (40,942)
Exchange differences (1,904)
  
At 31 December 2024 107,470
  
Under the terms of the Group’s sales agreements, the Group 
offers warranties for its goods (see note 2(v)(i)). Provision 
is therefore made for the best estimate of the expected 
settlement under these agreements in respect of sales made 
within the warranty periods prior to the end of the reporting 
period. The amount of provision takes into account the Group’s 
recent claim experience and is only made where a warranty 
claim is probable.
23 BANK LOANS
The analysis of the repayment schedule of bank loans is as 
follows:
2024 2023
$’000 $’000
Within 1 year or on 
 demand 205,322 236,439
After 1 year but within 
 2 years 30,238 57,477
After 2 years but within 
 5 years 140,226 193,405
After 5 years – 132,615
   
375,786 619,936
   
As at 31 December 2024, the loan amount of HK$196,382,000 
is secured by certain land use right, buildings, machinery and 
equipment of a subsidiary of the Group to match its long-term 
development. Such underlying pledged agreement of the loan 
agreement is signed by both parties and effective on 24 January 
2025. And the remaining bank loans are unsecured as at 31 
December 2024.
As at 31 December 2023, the loan amount of HK$171,044,000 
was secured by certain land sue right, buildings, machinery 
and equipment of a subsidiary of the Group to match its long-
term development. Such underlying pledged agreement of 
the loan agreement was yet to sign by both parties and would 
be effective when registration of those land and building with 
relevant authorities was completed. And the remaining bank 
loans were unsecured as at 31 December 2023.
24 LEASE LIABILITIES
The following table shows the remaining contractual maturities 
of the Group’s lease liabilities at the end of the current and 
previous reporting periods and at the date of transition to 
HKFRS 16:
2024 2023
$’000 $’000
Within 1 year 14,793 8,159
   
After 1 year but within 
 2 years 9,968 4,665
After 2 years but within 
 5 years 10,145 9,242
   
20,113 13,907
   
34,906 22,066
   

===== PAGE 180 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited178
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
25 INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL 
POSITION
(a)  CURRENT TAXATION IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL 
POSITION REPRESENTS:
2024 2023
$’000 $’000
Tax payable/(recoverable) in respect of Hong Kong Profits Tax 13,361 (6,600)
Tax payable in respect of Chinese Mainland income taxes 4,530 8,485
Tax (recoverable)/payable in respect of jurisdictions outside Hong Kong and the 
 Chinese Mainland (4,542) 1,686
   
13,349 3,571
   
Representing:
Current tax recoverable (9,923) (10,354)
Current tax payable 23,272 13,925
   
13,349 3,571
   
(b)  DEFERRED TAX ASSETS AND LIABILITIES RECOGNISED:
The components of deferred tax (assets)/liabilities recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position and the 
movements during the year are as follows:
Depreciation 
allowances in 
excess of the 
related 
depreciation Provisions
Deferred 
income
Future 
benefits 
of tax 
losses Others Total
$’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000
Deferred tax arising from:
At 1 January 2023 1,333 (10,259) (2,520) – 10,137 (1,309)
Charged/(credited) to profit or loss (note 7(a)) 70,885 (14,529) (32,958) (20,752) (6,869) (4,223)
Exchange difference (479) 231 263 142 – 157
       
At 31 December 2023 71,739 (24,557) (35,215) (20,610) 3,268 (5,375)
       
At 1 January 2024 71,739 (24,557) (35,215) (20,610) 3,268 (5,375)
(Credited)/charged to profit or loss (note 7(a)) (22,255) (16,260) 4,634 (17,589) (251) (51,721)
Exchange difference (1,745) 427 806 338 – (174)
       
At 31 December 2024 47,739 (40,390) (29,775) (37,861) 3,017 (57,270)
       
The reconciliation to the consolidated statement of financial position is as follows:
2024 2023
$’000 $’000
Net deferred tax assets recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position (59,718) (8,843)
Net deferred tax liabilities recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position 2,448 3,468
   
(57,270) (5,375)
   

===== PAGE 181 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 179
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
25 INCOME TAX IN THE 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF 
FINANCIAL POSITION (CONTINUED)
(c)  DEFERRED TAX ASSETS NOT 
RECOGNISED
In accordance with the accounting policy set out in note 2(t), 
the Group has not recognised deferred tax assets in respect of 
cumulative tax losses of HK$148,441,000 (2023: HK$163,386,000) 
as it is not probable that future taxable profits against which 
the losses can be utilised will be available in the relevant tax 
jurisdictions and entities for the foreseeable future. The Group 
has not recognised deferred tax assets in respect of tax losses, 
whose expiry dates are:
2024 2023
$’000 $’000
In December 2026 – 10,556
In December 2027 447 47,920
In December 2028 2,190 34,837
In December 2029 1,035 –
After 2029 75,254 –
Do not expire under 
 current tax legislation 69,515 70,073
   
148,441 163,386
   
26 DEFERRED INCOME
2024 2023
$’000 $’000
Current portion 28,072 26,138
Non-current portion 171,821 200,496
   
199,893 226,634
   
During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group 
received government grants of HK$12,428,000 (2023: 
HK$224,861,000) from the PRC authorities as incentives for 
acquiring machineries. The amount received is to be amortised 
and released to profit or loss over the useful lives of the 
relevant assets. During the year ended 31 December 2024, 
HK$24,882,000 (2023: HK$48,522,000) of the grants are credited 
to profit or loss.
27 EQUITY SETTLED SHARE-BASED 
TRANSACTIONS
SHARE AWARD PLAN
The Company has adopted the Share Award Plan on 28 
August 2020 (the “Adoption Date”) for the purpose of retaining 
participants for the continual operation and development of the 
Group and to attract suitable personnel for further development 
of the Group.
Pursuant to the rules of the Share Award Plan, the Directors 
may grant an award to eligible participants (excluding any 
excluded participant) who is an employee, director, adviser 
(professional or otherwise), consultant to or expert in any 
area of business or business development of any member of 
the Group or any Invested Entity for participation in the Share 
Award Plan and determine the terms of the award.
The Share Award Plan is subject to the administration of the 
Board and the trustee in accordance with the terms of the 
Share Award Plan and the terms of the trust deed which 
entered between the Company and the trustee on 28 August 
2020. The Share Award Plan will be valid and effective for a 
period of 10 years commencing from the Adoption Date but 
may be terminated earlier as determined by the Board.

===== PAGE 182 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited180
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
27 EQUITY SETTLED SHARE-BASED 
TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
SHARE AWARD PLAN (CONTINUED)
The Trustee may purchase the Shares on the Stock Exchange at 
the prevailing market price (subject to such maximum price as 
may be from time to time prescribed by the Board), or off the 
market. In the event that the trustee effects any purchases by 
off-market transactions, the purchase price for such purchases 
shall not be higher than the lower of the following: (i) the 
closing market price on the date of such purchase, and (ii) the 
average closing market price for the five preceding trading 
days on which the Shares were traded on the Stock Exchange. 
The maximum number of Shares to be subscribed for and/or 
purchased by the trustee for the purpose of the share award 
plan shall not exceed 10% of the total number of issued shares 
as at the Adoption Date. The Board shall not instruct the Trustee 
to subscribe for and/or purchase any Shares for the purpose of 
the share award plan when such subscription and/or purchase 
will result in such threshold being exceeded.
During the year ended 31 December 2024, the trustee of the 
Company’s share award plan purchased 1,800,000 (2023: 
Nil) shares of the Company on the Stock Exchange at a total 
consideration of approximately HK$9,172,000 (including 
purchase price of HK$9,153,000 and transaction costs of 
HK$19,000). During the year ended 31 December 2024, the 
trustee transferred 1,854,900 (2023: 2,957,600) ordinary shares 
of the Company to the share awardees upon vesting of the 
awards.
On 22 March 2023, the Company awarded a total of 662,000 
ordinary shares to the eligible persons including its directors 
and employees. Among the 662,000 awarded shares, the first 
30% of the awarded shares were vested to the eligible persons 
on 12 April 2023, the second 30% of the awarded shares were 
vested on 12 April 2024, and the remaining 40% shall be vested 
on 11 April 2025. Further details are set out in the Company’s 
announcement dated 22 March 2023.
On 22 March 2024, the Company awarded a total of 2,047,000 
ordinary shares to the eligible persons including its directors 
and employees. Among the 2,047,000 awarded shares, the first 
40% of the awarded shares were vested to the eligible persons 
on 2 May 2024, the second 30% of the awarded shares were 
vested on 2 May 2025, and the remaining 30% shall be vested 
on 4 May 2026. Further details are set out in the Company’s 
announcement dated 24 March 2024.

===== PAGE 183 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 181
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
28 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS
(a)  MOVEMENTS IN COMPONENTS OF EQUITY OF THE COMPANY
The reconciliation between the opening and closing balances of each component of the Group’s consolidated equity is set out in 
the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Details of the changes in the Company’s individual components of equity between 
the beginning and the end of the year are set out below:
Share 
capital
Share 
premium
Awarded 
shares held 
under share 
award plan
Contributed 
surplus
Capital 
reserve
Retained 
profits/
(accumulated 
losses) Total
(note 28(c)(i)) (note 28(d)(i)) (note 28(d)(v)) (note 28(d)(ii)) (note 28(d)(iv))
Notes $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000
Balance at 1 January 2023 197,853 2,101,464 (23,835) 662,543 12,038 (4,413) 2,945,650
Changes in equity for 2023:
Final dividends approved in respect 
 of the previous year 28(b)(ii) – – – (180,964) – – (180,964)
Shares issued under the Share Option Plan 28(c)(ii) 41 392 – – (103) – 330
Vesting of shares under the Share Award Plan – – 10,072 – (20,228) 10,156 –
Equity settled share-based transaction – – – – 20,385 – 20,385
Release upon lapse of share options – – – – (311) 311 –
Loss and total comprehensive income 
 for the year – – – – – (8,520) (8,520)
         
Balance at 31 December 2023 197,894 2,101,856 (13,763) 481,579 11,781 (2,466) 2,776,881
         
Balance at 1 January 2024 197,894 2,101,856 (13,763) 481,579 11,781 (2,466) 2,776,881
Changes in equity for 2024:
Final dividends approved in respect 
 of the previous year 28(b)(ii) – – – (149,660) – – (149,660)
Share purchase by the trustee under 
 the Share Award Plan – – (9,172) – – – (9,172)
Vesting of shares under the Share Award Plan – – 7,283 – (17,358) 10,075 –
Equity settled share-based transaction 6(b) – – – – 13,374 – 13,374
Loss and total comprehensive income 
 for the year – – – – – (4,675) (4,675)
         
Balance at 31 December 2024 197,894 2,101,856 (15,652) 331,919 7,797 2,934 2,626,748
         
(b)  DIVIDENDS
(i)  Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the year
2024 2023
$’000 $’000
Final dividend proposed after the end of reporting period of 
 17.0 HK cents (2023: 19.0 HK cents) per share 134,568 150,399
   
The final dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period have not been recognised as liabilities at the end of the reporting 
period.

===== PAGE 184 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited182
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
28 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (CONTINUED)
(b)  DIVIDENDS (CONTINUED)
(ii)  Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the previous 
financial year, approved and paid during the year
2024 2023
$’000 $’000
Final dividend in respect of the previous financial year, approved and paid during the year, 
 of 19.0 HK cent (2023: 23.0 HK cent) per share 149,660 180,964
   
(c)  SHARE CAPITAL
(i)  Authorised and issued share capital
2024 2023
  
No. of shares Amount No. of shares Amount
’000 $’000 ’000 $’000
Authorised:
Ordinary shares of $0.25 each 5,000,000 1,250,000 5,000,000 1,250,000
     
Ordinary shares, issued and fully paid:
At 1 January 791,575 197,894 791,410 197,853
Issuance of shares under share option scheme – – 165 41
     
At 31 December 791,575 197,894 791,575 197,894
     
The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share 
at meetings of the Company. All ordinary shares rank equally with regard to the Company’s residual assets.
(ii)  Issuance of shares under share option scheme
During the year ended 31 December 2023, options have been exercised to subscribe for 165,000 ordinary shares in the Company at 
a consideration of HK$330,000 of which HK$41,000 was credited to share capital and the balance of $289,000 was credited to the 
share premium account. HK$103,000 has been transferred from the capital reserve to the share premium account in accordance 
with policy set out in note 2(s)(ii). No such share options were exercised during the year ended 31 December 2024.

===== PAGE 185 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 183
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
28 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND 
DIVIDENDS (CONTINUED)
(d)  NATURE AND PURPOSE OF 
RESERVES
(i)  Share premium
The application of the share premium account is governed by 
sections 150 and 157 of the Company’s Articles of Association 
and the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda.
(ii)  Contributed surplus
Contributed surplus comprises the capital reduction transferred 
from the share premium account and the excess value of the 
shares of the subsidiaries acquired pursuant to the Group 
reorganisation scheme in 1991 over the nominal value of the 
new shares of the Company issued in exchange is credited to 
the contributed surplus account. Under the Companies Act 1981 
of Bermuda (as amended) and the Bye-laws of the Company, 
the contributed surplus is distributable to shareholders.
(iii)  Exchange reserve
The exchange reserve comprises all foreign exchange 
differences arising from the translation of the financial 
statements of operations outside Hong Kong. The reserve is 
dealt with in accordance with the accounting policies set out in 
note 2(x).
(iv)  Capital reserve
The capital reserve comprises of the Company’s equity settled 
share-based payments recognised in accordance with the 
accounting policy adopted for share-based payments in notes 
2(s)(iii) and 2(s)(iv).
(v)  Awarded shares held under the Share 
Award Plan
Treasury shares held under the Share Award Plan represents 
the shares purchased by the Group that are not yet granted 
to directors and employees of the Company under the Share 
Award Plan (see note 27). The consideration paid for the 
purchase of the Company’s shares is reflected as a decrease in 
the equity of the Company.
(vi)  Other reserves
Other reserves comprise statutory reserves required in respect 
of a subsidiary in accordance with the relevant rules and 
regulations in the PRC and the consideration in exceed of 
carrying amount of non-controlling interests acquired.
(vii)  Distributability of reserves
At 31 December 2024, the aggregate amount of reserves 
available for distribution to shareholders of the Company was 
HK$334,853,000 (2023: HK$479,113,000).

===== PAGE 186 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited184
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
28 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (CONTINUED)
(e)  CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
The Group’s primary objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, so 
that it can continue to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders, by pricing products and services 
commensurately with the level of risk and by securing access to finance at a reasonable cost.
The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to maintain a balance between the higher shareholder 
returns that might be possible with higher levels of borrowings and the advantages and security afforded by a sound capital 
position, and makes adjustments to the capital structure in light of changes in economic conditions.
The Group monitors its capital structure on the basis of a net debt-to-adjusted capital ratio. For this purpose the Group defines net 
debt as total debt (which includes lease liabilities and trade and other payables), less fixed deposits with banks and cash and cash 
equivalents. Adjusted capital comprises all components of equity less unaccrued proposed dividends.
The Group’s adjusted net debt-to-capital ratio at 31 December 2024 and 2023 was as follows:
2024 2023
Notes $’000 $’000
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables 22 6,228,142 4,738,130
Lease liabilities 24 14,793 8,159
Bank loans 23 205,322 236,439
    
6,448,257 4,982,728
    
Non-current liabilities
Lease liabilities 24 20,113 13,907
Bank loans 23 170,464 383,497
    
190,577 397,404
    
Total debt 6,638,834 5,380,132
Fixed deposits with banks with more than three months to maturity when placed 21(a) (843,817) –
Cash and cash equivalents 21(a) (2,700,141) (3,500,760)
    
Net debt 3,094,876 1,879,372
    
Total equity 4,600,495 4,409,711
    
Adjusted capital 4,600,495 4,409,711
    
Adjusted net debt-to-capital ratio 0.67 0.43
    
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries are subject to any externally imposed capital requirements.

===== PAGE 187 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 185
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
29 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT 
AND FAIR VALUES
Exposure to credit, liquidity, currency and interest rate risks 
arises in the normal course of the Group’s business.
The Group’s exposure to these risks and the financial risk 
management policies and practices used by the Group to 
manage these risks are described below.
(a)  CREDIT RISK
Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default 
on its contractual obligations resulting in a financial loss to 
the Group. The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to 
trade receivables. The Group’s exposure to credit risk arising 
from cash and cash equivalents and bills receivable is limited 
because the counterparties are banks and financial institutions 
for which the Group consider the credit risk is low.
The Group does not provide any other guarantees which would 
expose the Group to credit risk.
Trade receivables
The Group’s exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by 
the individual characteristics of each customer rather than 
the industry or country in which the customers operate and 
therefore significant concentrations of credit risk primarily 
arise when the Group has significant exposure to individual 
customers. At the end of the reporting period, 5% (2023: 
6%) and 24% (2023: 37%) of the total trade receivables were 
due from the Group’s largest customer and the five largest 
customers respectively.
Individual credit evaluations are performed on all customers 
requiring credit over a certain amount. These evaluations focus 
on the customer’s past history of making payments when due 
and current ability to pay, and take into account information 
specific to the customer as well as pertaining to the economic 
environment in which the customer operates. Trade receivables 
are due within 60 to 90 days from the date of billing. Normally, 
the Group does not obtain collateral from customers.
The Group measures loss allowances for trade receivables 
at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs, which is calculated 
using a provision matrix. As the Group’s historical credit loss 
experience indicates different loss patterns based on individual 
characteristics of customers, the loss allowance based on 
past due status is further distinguished between the Group’s 
individual credit evaluations of customers.
The following table provides information about the Group’s 
exposure to credit risk and ECLs for trade receivables:
2024
 
Expected 
loss rate
Gross 
carrying 
amount
Loss 
allowance
% $’000 $’000
Current (not past due) 0.3% 2,396,308 7,464
Less than 1 month 
 past due 0.6% 316,775 1,782
1 to 12 months past due 5.3% 202,561 10,832
More than 12 months 
 past due 100.0% 34,877 34,877
    
2,950,521 54,955
    
2023
 
Expected 
loss rate
Gross 
carrying 
amount
Loss 
allowance
% $’000 $’000
Current (not past due) 0.7% 1,684,485 11,026
Less than 1 month 
 past due 1.9% 322,375 6,045
1 to 12 months past due 8.6% 242,419 20,807
More than 12 months 
 past due 100.0% 6,222 6,222
    
2,255,501 44,100
    
Expected loss rates are based on actual loss experience 
over the past 12 months. These rates are adjusted to reflect 
differences between economic conditions during the period 
over which the historic data has been collected, current 
conditions and the Group’s view of economic conditions over 
the expected lives of the receivables.

===== PAGE 188 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited186
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
29 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES (CONTINUED)
(a)  CREDIT RISK (CONTINUED)
Trade receivables (Continued)
Movement in the loss allowance account in respect of trade receivables during the year is as follows:
2024 2023
$’000 $’000
Balance at 1 January 44,100 39,465
Increase in ECL allowance during the year 10,855 4,635
   
Balance at 31 December 54,955 44,100
   
(b)  LIQUIDITY RISK
Individual operating entities within the Group are responsible for their own cash management, including the short-term investment 
of cash surpluses and the raising of loans to cover expected cash demands, subject to approval by the parent company’s board 
when the borrowings exceed certain predetermined levels of authority. The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor its liquidity 
requirements and its compliance with lending covenants, to ensure that it maintains sufficient reserves of cash and cash 
equivalents and adequate committed lines of funding from major financial institutions to meet its liquidity requirements in the short 
and longer term.
The following tables show the remaining contractual maturities at the end of reporting period of the Group’s financial liabilities, 
which are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows (including interest payments computed using contractual rates or, if 
floating, based on rates currently applicable at the end of reporting period) and the earliest date that the Group can be required to 
pay:
2024 2023
Contractual undiscounted cash outflow Contractual undiscounted cash outflow
  
Within 
1 year or on 
demand
More than
1 year
but less
than 2 years
More than
2 years
but less
than 5 years
More than 
5 years Total
Carrying
amount at
31 December
Within
1 year or on 
demand
More than
1 year
but less
than 2 years
More than
2 years
but less
than 5 years
More than 
5 years Total
Carrying 
amount at 
31 December
$’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000
Trade creditors, 
 accrued charges and 
 other payables 5,926,021 – – – 5,926,021 5,926,021 4,472,898 – – – 4,472,898 4,472,898
Bank loans 210,559 31,009 143,803 – 385,371 375,786 245,627 68,412 210,642 144,702 669,383 619,936
Lease liabilities 16,072 10,701 10,293 220 37,286 34,906 8,897 5,161 9,684 – 23,742 22,066
             
6,152,652 41,710 154,096  220 6,348,678 6,336,713 4,727,422 73,573 220,326 144,702 5,166,023 5,114,900
             

===== PAGE 189 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 187
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
29 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES (CONTINUED)
(c)  CURRENCY RISK
The Group is exposed to currency risk primarily through sales and purchases which give rise to receivables, payables and cash 
balances that are denominated in a foreign currency, i.e. a currency other than the functional currency of the operations to which 
the transactions relate. The Group is also exposed to currency risk through other financial assets acquired which are denominated 
in a foreign currency. The currencies giving rise to these risks are primarily United States dollars, Euros, Japanese Yen and 
Renminbi.
There is currently no hedging policy adopted by the Group with respect to its foreign exchange exposure. Most of the sales and 
purchases are made in the respective functional currency of each group entity, except for group entities whose functional currency 
is Hong Kong dollars, certain transactions are denominated in United States dollars, Euros and Japanese Yen. Given the Hong Kong 
dollar is pegged to the United States dollar, the Group does not expect that there will be any significant currency risk associated 
with such United States dollars denominated transactions. In respect of balances denominated in other currencies, the Group 
ensures that the net exposure is kept to an acceptable level by buying or selling foreign currencies at spot rates where necessary 
to address short-term imbalances.
(i)  Exposure to currency risk
The following table details the Group’s exposure at the end of the reporting period to currency risk arising from recognised assets 
or liabilities denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the entity to which they relate. For presentation 
purposes, the amounts of the exposure are shown in Hong Kong dollars, translated using the spot rate at the year end date. 
Differences resulting from the translation of the financial statements of operations outside Hong Kong into the Group’s presentation 
currency are excluded.
2024 2023
Exposure to foreign currencies
(expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
Exposure to foreign currencies
(expressed in Hong Kong dollars)  
United
States 
Dollars Euros
Japanese 
Yen Renminbi
United
States 
Dollars Euros
Japanese 
Yen Renminbi
$’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000
Trade and other receivables 454,024 – – – 494,857 – – –
Cash and cash equivalents 1,293,012 13 – 417,676 1,211,966 968 517 398,250
Fixed deposit with more than three 
 months to maturity when placed 558,720 – – – – – – –
Trade and other payables (630,833) (428) (14,307) (126) (208,674) (772) (12,722) (187)
         
1,674,923 (415) (14,307) 417,550 1,498,149 196 (12,205) 398,063
         
In addition, the Group exposed to currency risk arising from inter-company receivables and payables denominated in currency 
other than the functional currency of either the lender or the borrower. The net inter-company receivables amounted to United 
States dollars 30,029,000 and payables amounted to Renminbi 9,681,000 (2023: receivables amounted to United States dollars 
27,003,000 and Renminbi 116,516,000 respectively).

===== PAGE 190 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited188
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
29 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES (CONTINUED)
(c)  CURRENCY RISK (CONTINUED)
(ii)  Sensitivity analysis
The following table indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s profit after taxation (and retained profits) and other 
components of consolidated equity that would arise if foreign exchange rates to which the Group has significant exposure at the 
end of the reporting period had changed at that date, assuming all other risk variables remained constant. In this respect, it is 
assumed that the pegged rate between the Hong Kong dollar and the United States dollar would be materially unaffected by any 
changes in movement in value of the United States dollar against other currencies for group entities whose functional currency is 
Hong Kong dollars.
2024 2023
  
Increase/
(decrease)
in foreign
exchange
rates
Increase/
(decrease) in
profit after
taxation and
retained profits
Increase/
(decrease)
in foreign
exchange
rates
Increase/
(decrease) in
profit after
taxation and
retained profits
$’000 $’000
United States dollars 10% 139,856 10% 125,095
(10%) (139,856) (10%) (125,095)
Euros 10% (35) 10% 16
(10%) 35 (10%) (16)
Japanese Yen 10% (1,195) 10% (1,019)
(10%)  1,195 (10%) 1,019
Renminbi 10% 34,865 10% 33,238
(10%) (34,865) (10%) (33,238)
     
Results of the analysis as presented in the above table represent an aggregation of the instantaneous effects on each of the Group 
entities’ profit after taxation and equity measured in the respective functional currencies, translated into Hong Kong dollars at the 
exchange rate ruling at the end of the reporting period for presentation purposes.
The sensitivity analysis assumes that the change in foreign exchange rates had been applied to remeasure those financial 
instruments held by the Group which expose the Group to currency risk at the end of the reporting period. The analysis excludes 
differences that would result from the translation of the financial statements of operations outside Hong Kong into the Group’s 
presentation currency. The analysis has been performed on the same basis for 2023.

===== PAGE 191 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 189
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
29 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES (CONTINUED)
(d)  INTEREST RATE RISK
Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in 
market interest rates. The Group’s interest rate risk arises primarily from bank borrowings. Borrowings issued at variable rates 
expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk. The Group’s interest rate risk profile as monitored by management is set out in 
below.
(i)  Interest rate risk profile
The following table, as reported to the management of the Group, details the interest rate risk profile of the Group’s borrowings at 
the end of the reporting period:
2024 2023
Note $’000 $’000
Fixed rate borrowings:
Lease liabilities 24 34,906 22,066
Bank loans 23 30,236 443,154
    
65,142 465,220
    
Variable rate borrowings
Bank loans 23 345,550 176,782
    
(ii)  Sensitivity analysis
At 31 December 2024, it is estimated that a general increase/decrease of 50 basis points in interest rates, with all other variables 
held constant, would have decreased/increased the Group’s profit after tax and retained profits by approximately HK$14,686,000 
(2023: HK$7,380,000).
The sensitivity analysis above indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s profit after tax (and retained profits) that would 
arise assuming that the change in interest rates had occurred at the end of the reporting period.

===== PAGE 192 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited190
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
29 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES (CONTINUED)
(e)  FAIR VALUES
(i)  Financial assets measured at fair value
Fair value hierarchy
The following table presents the fair value of the Group’s financial instruments measured at the end of the reporting period on a 
recurring basis, categorised into the three-level fair value hierarchy as defined in HKFRS 13, Fair value measurement. The level into 
which a fair value measurement is classified is determined with reference to the observability and significance of the inputs used in 
the valuation technique as follows:
•	 Level 	1 	valuations: 	Fair 	value 	measured 	using 	only 	Level 	1 	inputs 	i.e. 	unadjusted 	quoted 	prices 	in 	active 	markets 	for 	identical 	
assets or liabilities at the measurement date.
•	 Level 	2 	valuations: 	Fair 	value 	measured 	using 	Level 	2 	inputs 	i.e. 	observable 	inputs 	which 	fail 	to 	meet 	Level 	1, 	and 	not 	using 	
significant unobservable inputs. Unobservable inputs are inputs for which market data are not available.
•	 Level 	3	valuations: 	Fair	value	measured	using	significant 	unobservable 	inputs.
Fair value at
31 December
Fair value measurements as at
31 December 2024 categorised into
Fair value at
31 December
Fair value measurements as at
31 December 2023 categorised into
  
2024 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 2023 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
$’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000
Recurring fair value measurements
Trading securities – – – – 15,405 15,405 – –
Structured products 389,759 – 389,759 – – – – –
Listed equity securities 38,486 38,486 – – – – – –
Unlisted equity securities 1,700 – – 1,700 41,897 – – 41,897
         
429,945 38,486 389,759 1,700 57,302 15,405 – 41,897
         
During the year ended 31 December 2024, an unlisted equity investment amounted to HK$38,486,000 has been transferred out of 
Level 3 to listed equity investments upon its listing as a public company.
During the years ended 31 December 2023, there were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2, or transfers into or out of Level 
3. The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers between levels of fair value hierarchy as at the end of the reporting period in which 
they occur.
Valuation techniques and inputs used in Level 3 fair value measurements
As at 31 December 2024, the fair value of unlisted equity instruments is determined using the enterprise value/sales ratios of 
comparable listed companies adjusted for lack of marketability discount. The fair value measurement is negatively correlated to the 
discount for lack of marketability. As at 31 December 2024, it is estimated that with all other variables held constant, a decrease/
increase in discount for lack of marketability by 3% would have increased/decreased the Group’s profit after taxation and retained 
profits by HK$43,000.

===== PAGE 193 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 191
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
30 COMMITMENTS
Capital commitments outstanding at the end of the reporting 
period not provided for in the financial statements were as 
follows:
2024 2023
$’000 $’000
Contracted for 203,666 346,202
   
The capital commitments contracted for outstanding at the end 
of the reporting period are mainly for the new production base 
for automotive display, manufacturing facilities in Vietnam, 
Heyuan and Chengdu, PRC.
31 MATERIAL RELATED PARTY 
TRANSACTIONS
(a)  KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL 
REMUNERATION
Remuneration for key management personnel, including 
amounts paid to the Directors is disclosed in note 8 and certain 
of the highest paid employees is disclosed in note 9.
29 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT 
AND FAIR VALUES (CONTINUED)
(e)  FAIR VALUES (CONTINUED)
(i)  Financial assets measured at fair value 
(Continued)
Valuation techniques and inputs used in Level 3 fair 
value measurements (Continued)
As at 31 December 2023, the fair value of unlisted equity 
instruments is determined using the enterprise value/sales 
ratios of comparable listed companies adjusted for lack of 
marketability discount. The fair value measurement is negatively 
correlated to the discount for lack of marketability. As at 31 
December 2023, it is estimated that with all other variables 
held constant, a decrease/increase in discount for lack of 
marketability by 3% would have increased/decreased the 
Group’s profit after taxation and retained profits by HK$273,700.
(ii)  Fair value of financial assets and 
liabilities carried at other than fair value
The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial instruments 
carried at amortised cost were not materially different from 
their fair values as at 31 December 2023 and 2024.
(iii)  Financial guarantees
The fair value of financial guarantees issued is determined by 
reference to fees charged in an arm’s length transaction for 
similar services, when such information is obtainable, or is 
otherwise estimated by reference to interest rate differentials, 
by comparing the actual rates charged by lenders when the 
guarantee is made available with the estimated rates that 
lenders would have charged, had the guarantees not been 
available, where reliable estimates of such information can be 
made.

===== PAGE 194 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited192
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
31 MATERIAL RELATED PARTY 
TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
(b)  RECURRING TRANSACTIONS
The following transactions were carried out with related parties, 
including BOE Technology Group Co., Ltd. (“BOE”), the parent 
of the Company, and its subsidiaries other than the Group 
(collectively “BOE Group”), except for disclosed elsewhere in 
the annual financial report.
2024 2023
$’000 $’000
BOE Group:
Purchase of goods from 
 BOE Group (note (1))  5,386,318 4,592,212
Lease of property, 
 plant and equipment 
 to BOE Group (note (2)) – 3,472
Purchase of PPE and 
 intangible assets from 
 BOE Group (note (5)) 58,413 69,201
Lease of PPE from 
 BOE Group (note (5)) 5,575 10,125
Rental, management 
 fee, utilities service fees 
 and computer 
 integrated manufacturing  
 system fee charged by 
 BOE Group (note (3))
 — Tenancy Agreements 92 93
Trademark licence fee paid 
 to BOE Group (note (4)) 14,352 19,257
Subcontracting fee charged 
 to BOE Group (note (6)) 994 3,666
   
Notes:
(1) The transactions were conducted based on the terms as governed  
by the renewed master purchase agreement and renewed master 
subcontracting agreement entered into between the Company and 
BOE on 6 September 2021. The agreement was renewed on 10 
October 2024 and extended the terms to 31 December 2027. Further 
details are set out in the Company’s announcement dated 10 October 
2024. The related party transactions constitute continuing connected 
transaction as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
(2) The transactions were conducted based on the terms as governed  
by the assets lease agreement entered into between Chengdu Vx, 
a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and Chengdu BOE 
Optoelectronics Technology Co., Ltd. (“Chengdu BOE”), a wholly-
owned subsidiary of BOE on 30 December 2021. Further details are 
set out in the Company’s announcement dated 30 December 2021. 
The related party transactions constitute continuing connected 
transactions under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
(3) The transactions were conducted based on the terms as governed  
by the tenancy agreement (“Tenancy Agreement”) for a term 
commencing from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2024. The 
transactions as contemplated under the Tenancy Agreement 
constitute continuing connected transactions under Chapter 14A of 
the Listing Rules.
(4) The transactions were conducted based on the terms as governed  
by the renewed trademark licence agreement (“Trademark Licence 
Agreement”) on 21 December 2022 to extend the terms to 31 
December 2024. The agreement was renewed on 30 December 2024 
and extended the terms to 31 December 2026. Further details are 
set out in the Company’s announcement dated 30 December 2024. 
The transactions as contemplated under the Trademark Licence 
Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions under 
Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
(5) The transactions were conducted based on the terms as governed by 
the master framework agreement entered into between the Company 
and BOE on 22 July 2022. The agreement was renewed on 29 May 
2024 and extended the terms to 31 December 2025. Further details 
are set out in the Company’s announcement dated 29 May 2024. The 
related party transactions constitute continuing connected transaction 
as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
(6) The transactions were conducted based on the terms as governed  
by the Master Subcontracting Agreement entered into between the 
Company and BOE on 29 April 2022. Further details are set out in the 
Company’s announcement dated 29 April 2022. The related party 
transactions constitute continuing connected transaction as defined 
in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
The above transactions are presented net of value-added tax.

===== PAGE 195 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 193
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 MATERIAL RELATED PARTY 
TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
(c)  BALANCES WITH RELATED 
PARTIES
At 31 December 2024, included in trade and other payables 
were amounts due to BOE Group for the purchase cost 
and other expenses payable of HK$953,777,000 (2023: 
HK$694,949,000). Non-current deposits of HK$48,757,000 (2023: 
HK$68,022,000) were paid to BOE Group for the purchase of TFT 
panels toolings for manufacturing TFT modules. Prepayment 
of HK$862,000 (2023: HK$2,739,000) made to BOE Group 
were included in trade and other receivables, deposits and 
prepayments and other contract costs in the consolidated 
statement of financial position.
Other than non-current deposits, balances with related parties 
are unsecured, interest-free and are recoverable within one 
year.
32 COMPANY-LEVEL STATEMENT 
OF FINANCIAL POSITION
2024 2023
Notes $’000 $’000
Non-current asset
Investments in subsidiaries 15 2,626,183 2,773,672
    
Current assets
Other receivables 426 9,037
Cash and cash equivalents 4,767 2,199
    
5,193 11,236
    
Current liabilities
Other payables 4,628 8,027
    
4,628 8,027
    
Net current assets 565 3,209
    
NET ASSETS 2,626,748 2,776,881
    
CAPITAL AND RESERVES
Share capital 28(c) 197,894 197,894
Reserves 28(a) 2,428,854 2,578,987
    
TOTAL EQUITY 2,626,748 2,776,881
    
Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 
26 March 2025.
Gao Wenbao Ko Wing Yan, Samantha
Director Director

===== PAGE 196 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited194
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
Effective for
accounting 
periods
beginning 
on or after
Amendments to HKAS 21, The effects of 
 changes in foreign exchange rates — Lack 
 of exchangeability
1 January 2025
Amendments to HKFRS 9, Financial instruments 
 and HKFRS 7, Financial instruments: 
 disclosures —Amendments to the 
 classification and measurement of 
 financial instruments
1 January 2026
Annual improvements to HKFRS Accounting 
 Standards — Volume 11
1 January 2026
HKFRS 18, Presentation and disclosure in 
 financial statements
1 January 2027
HKFRS 19, Subsidiaries without public 
 accountability: disclosures
1 January 2027
The Group is in the process of making an assessment of what 
the impact of these developments is expected to be in the 
period of initial application. So far it has concluded that the 
adoption of them is unlikely to have a significant impact on the 
consolidated financial statements.
33 IMMEDIATE PARENT AND 
ULTIMATE CONTROLLING 
PARTY
At 31 December 2024, the directors consider the immediate 
parent and the ultimate controlling party of the Group to be BOE 
Technology (HK) Limited, which is incorporated in Hong Kong, 
and BOE Technology Group Co., Ltd., which is incorporated in 
the PRC, respectively. BOE Technology Group Co., Ltd. produces 
financial statements available for public use.
34 POSSIBLE IMPACT OF 
AMENDMENTS, NEW 
STANDARDS AND 
INTERPRETATIONS ISSUED BUT 
NOT YET EFFECTIVE FOR THE 
YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 
2024
Up to the date of issue of these financial statements, the 
HKICPA has issued a number of new or amended standards 
which are not yet effective for the year ended 31 December 
2024 and which have not been adopted in these financial 
statements. These developments include the following which 
may be relevant to the Group.

===== PAGE 197 =====
BOE Varitronix Limited     Annual Report 2024 195
FIVE YEAR
SUMMARY
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Results:
Revenue 4,526,914 7,737,943 10,722,361 10,760,416 13,448,506
      
Profit from operations 70,443 350,084 670,464 569,723 437,453
Finance costs (578) (915) (12,361) (25,220) (15,362)
Share of losses of associate (1,850) (490) (456) (4,471) –
      
Profit before taxation 68,015 348,679 657,647 540,032 422,091
Income tax (1,077) (38,960) (98,077) (58,951) (20,506)
      
Profit for the year 66,938 309,719 559,570 481,081 401,585
      
Profit attributable to:
Equity shareholders of the Company 68,639 327,798 582,451 475,260 391,282
Non-controlling interests (1,701) (18,079) (22,881) 5,821 10,303
      
Profit for the year 66,938 309,719 559,570 481,081 401,585
      
Assets and liabilities:
Property, plant and equipment 467,046 583,434 1,490,300 1,759,580 2,060,385
Interest in associates 8,806 – 7,922 – –
Intangible assets 4,565 38,457 22,173 25,061 29,428
Goodwill – 11,487 – – –
Other financial assets – 40,614 42,588 41,897 40,186
Non-current deposits 32,138 15,332 98,265 101,264 38,822
Restricted bank deposits – – – – 41,101
Deferred tax assets 10,277 654 11,286 8,843 59,718
Net current assets 2,269,774 2,685,133 2,507,439 3,074,434 2,695,701
      
Total assets less current liabilities 2,792,606 3,375,111 4,179,975 5,011,079 4,965,341
Lease liabilities (9,934) (11,042) (4,402) (13,907) (20,113)
Deferred tax liabilities (8,293) (13,165) (9,977) (3,468) (2,448)
Deferred income (7,225) (5,279) (18,911) (200,496) (171,821)
Non-current bank loans – – (30,912) (383,497) (170,464)
      
Net assets 2,767,154 3,345,625 4,115,773 4,409,711 4,600,495
      
Capital and reserves
Share capital 183,794 184,039 197,853 197,894 197,894
Reserves 2,526,142 2,848,385 3,866,845 4,155,701 4,337,392
      
Total equity attributable to equity 
 shareholders of the Company 2,709,936 3,032,424 4,064,698 4,353,595 4,535,286
Non-controlling interests 57,218 313,201 51,075 56,116 65,209
      
Total equity 2,767,154 3,345,625 4,115,773 4,409,711 4,600,495
      
Earnings per share (in HK cents)
Basic 9.3 45.1 78.4 60.4 49.6
Diluted 9.3 44.8 77.8 60.2 49.5
      

===== PAGE 198 =====
Annual Report 2024     BOE Varitronix Limited196
PROPERTIES HELD BY
THE GROUP
Location Existing use Percentage holding
1. Flat G, 22nd Floor, Tower 1,
Yue Man Centre,
Nos. 300 and 302 Ngau Tau Kok Road,
Kwun Tong,
Kowloon
Staff quarters 100%
2. 128 Heyuan Road, Yuancheng District
Heyuan City, Guangdong,
The People’s Republic of China
Industrial 100%
3. Unit 3 Milbanke Court,
Milbanke Way, Bracknell,
Berkshire,
United Kingdom
Office 100%
4. No.1188 Hexin Rd, (West Zone),
Hi-Tech Zone,
Chengdu, Sichuan
Industrial 100%
    
Note: The above properties are either freehold, held on long or medium-term leases or have no specified lease term.

===== PAGE 199 =====
