

===== PAGE 1 =====


===== PAGE 2 =====
MISSION
Our evolutionary journey in the center 
of excellence for display technology and solutions.
VISION
To be the leader of intelligent 
automotive displays and solutions.

===== PAGE 3 =====
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 001
About 
BOE Varitronix
Chairman’s
Statement
Review of
Operations
Board of Directors and
Senior Management
Report of the
Directors
Consolidated Statement
of Profit or Loss
Consolidated Statement 
of Financial Position
Consolidated Cash 
Flow Statement
Five Year 
Summary
Corporate
Information
Management
Discussion and Analysis
Environmental, Social and
Governance Report
Corporate
Governance Report
Report of the
Independent Auditor
Consolidated Statement 
of Profit or Loss and Other 
Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Statement 
of Changes in Equity
Notes to the 
Financial Statements
CONTENTS
002
005
024
076
097
123
125
128
183
003
019
030
082
117
124
126
129
184
Properties Held 
by the Group

===== PAGE 4 =====
ABOUT  
BOE VARITRONIX
BOE Varitronix Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) 
was established in 1978 and the shares of the Company were listed on the 
Main Board of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited in 1991. The Group 
is principally engaged in the automotive and industrial display business and 
has monochrome display manufacturing capacity and thin film transistor 
(TFT) and touch panel display module assembly capacity.
The Company is a subsidiary of BOE Technology Group Co., Ltd. (“BOE”). BOE 
is a well-known leading supplier of semiconductor display technologies, 
products and services and its products are widely used in a broad spectrum 
of applications such as mobile phones, tablets, notebooks, monitors, 
televisions, automotive displays and digital information displays. The 
Company falls under Display and Sensor Business Group of the BOE Group. 
The Company focuses on automotive and industrial display module business 
and is the sole sales platform of the BOE Group for automotive display and 
system businesses.
The Group is now in a global leading position with the highest market shares 
in terms of overall automotive TFT display products and in medium-to-large 
size display modules. Our vision is to become a leading integrated 
automotive smart cockpit display system solution provider.
Celebrating our 45th anniversary, the Group’s journey 
has been one of dedication, innovation, and growth. 
Through the collective efforts of our talented teams 
around the world, we have consistently embraced 
challenges and pushed boundaries for our success. As 
we look ahead, we are excited about the possibilities 
for making a positive impact on our customers and the 
communities we serve.

===== PAGE 5 =====
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 003
CORPORATE
INFORMATION
NOMINATION COMMITTEE
Mr. Gao Wenbao (Chairman)
Mr. Su Ning
Mr. Fung, Yuk Kan Peter
Mr. Chu, Howard Ho Hwa
Mr. Pang Chunlin (appointed on 7 April 2023)
INVESTMENT COMMITTEE
Mr. Gao Wenbao (Chairman)
Ms. Ko Wing Yan, Samantha
Mr. Su Ning
Other members are not directors of the Company
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
KPMG
Public Interest Entity Auditor registered in accordance
with the Accounting and Financial Reporting Council Ordinance
LEGAL ADVISER
Baker & McKenzie
PRINCIPAL BANKERS
(IN ALPHABETICAL ORDER)
Agricultural Bank of China Limited
Bank of China Limited
Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited
China Citic Bank International Limited
China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
CMB Wing Lung Bank Limited
Hang Seng Bank Limited
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited
MUFG Bank, Ltd.
Shanghai Pudong Development Bank Co., Ltd.
The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited
REGISTERED OFFICE
Clarendon House
2 Church Street
Hamilton HM11
Bermuda
The corporate information of BOE Varitronix Limited as of the 
latest practicable date* prior to the issue of this annual report, is 
as follows:
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS:
Mr. Gao Wenbao (Chairman)
Ms. Ko Wing Yan, Samantha
Mr. Su Ning
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS:
Mr. Shao Xibin
Mr. Jin Hao
Mr. Meng Chao
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS:
Mr. Fung, Yuk Kan Peter
Mr. Chu, Howard Ho Hwa
Mr. Pang Chunlin (appointed on 7 April 2023)
COMPANY SECRETARY
Mr. Chung Kai Cheong
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE
Ms. Ko Wing Yan, Samantha
Mr. Chung Kai Cheong
AUDIT COMMITTEE
Mr. Fung, Yuk Kan Peter (Chairman)
Mr. Chu, Howard Ho Hwa
Mr. Pang Chunlin (appointed on 7 April 2023)
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
Mr. Fung, Yuk Kan Peter (Chairman)
Mr. Gao Wenbao
Ms. Ko Wing Yan, Samantha
Mr. Chu, Howard Ho Hwa
Mr. Pang Chunlin (appointed on 7 April 2023)
* the latest practicable date: 2 April 2024, being the latest practicable date prior to the issue of this annual report.

===== PAGE 6 =====
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
004
CORPORATE
INFORMATION
HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE 
OF BUSINESS
Units A–F, 35/F., Legend Tower
No. 7 Shing Yip Street
Kwun Tong, Kowloon
Hong Kong
PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRARS AND 
TRANSFER OFFICE
MUFG Fund Services (Bermuda) Limited
4th Floor North, Cedar House
41 Cedar Avenue
Hamilton HM 12, Bermuda
HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE 
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Shops 1712–16, 17/F., Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai
Hong Kong
LISTING INFORMATION
The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
Stock Code: 710
CONSTITUENT STOCK BY HANG SENG 
INDEXES COMPANY LIMITED AND HONG 
KONG STOCK CONNECT
1. Hang Seng Composite Index
2. Hang Seng Small Cap (Investable) Index
3. Hang Seng Stock Connect Hong Kong Index
4. Hang Seng Stock Connect Hong Kong MidCap & SmallCap  
Index
5. Hang Seng Stock Connect Hong Kong SmallCap Index
6. Hang Seng SCHK Mainland China Companies Index
7. Hang Seng SCHK ex-AH Companies Index
8. Hang Seng China State-holding Enterprises Index
COMPANY WEBSITE
http://www.boevx.com
INVESTOR RELATIONS CONTACT
investor@boevx.com

===== PAGE 7 =====
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 005
CHAIRMAN’S
STATEMENT
Highlights
HK$ million For the year ended 2023 For the year ended 2022
Revenue 10,760 10,722
   
EBITDA1 771 841
   
Profit Attributable to Shareholders 475.3 582.5
   
Basic Earnings per Share 60.4 HK cents 78.4 HK cents
   
Diluted Earnings per Share 60.2 HK cents 77.8 HK cents
   
Final Dividend per Share 19.0 HK cents 23.0 HK cents
   
Operating cash inflow 1,186 774
As of 31 December 2023 As of 31 December 2022
Cash and Fixed Deposits Balance 3,501 2,881
   
1 EBITDA means profit for the year plus the following to the extent deducted in calculating such profit for the year: finance cos ts, income tax, depreciation 
and amortisation.

===== PAGE 8 =====
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
006
CHAIRMAN’S
STATEMENT
REVENUE BY GEOGRAPHY (By delivery location)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
3%
74%
13%
3%
7%
(HK$305 million)Korea
(HK$7,913 million)PRC
(HK$1,412 million)Europe
Others (HK$402 million)
America (HK$728 million)
4%
70%
15%
5%
6%
(HK$397 million)Korea
(HK$7,495 million)PRC
(HK$1,607 million)Europe
Others (HK$543 million)
America (HK$680 million)
* The above analysis is based on the location at which the services were provided or the goods delivered, analysis by location of  sourcing decision is annexed 
on page 28 for reference.

===== PAGE 9 =====
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 007
CHAIRMAN’S
STATEMENT
On behalf of BOE Varitronix Limited (the “Company”) and its 
subsidiaries (“BOEVx” or the “Group”), I present the results for 
the full year ended 31 December 2023.
During the year under review, revenue of HK$10,760 million was 
recorded, an increase of 0.4% when compared with HK$10,722 
million recorded in 2022. EBITDA
1 of the Group was HK$771 
million, 8% lower than HK$841 million recorded in 2022. The 
profit attributable to shareholders of HK$475.3 million was 
recorded, a decrease of 18%, when compared to that for the year 
2022.
The Group has a strong net cash position through continuous 
improvement in working capital management, as at 31 December 
2023, the cash and fixed deposits balance of the Group was 
HK$3,501 million, compared to HK$2,881 million at the end of 
2022. The Group has bank loans of HK$620 million as at 31 
December 2023, a decrease of 7%, when compared with HK$667 
million recorded at the end of 2022. Among the bank loans of 
HK$620 million, HK$383 million is long-term borrowing mainly to 
facilitate our capital expenditure. The Group is committed to 
maintain the bank borrowings at an appropriate level to maintain 
a healthy gearing, and the main source of funding is from its 
operation.
Mr. Gao Wenbao
Chairman

===== PAGE 10 =====
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
008
CHAIRMAN’S
STATEMENT
2011
2008
2006
2002
1997
1993
1991
1984
1983
1978
1993
 2002
 2009
 2011
 2011
 2013
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
BOE and Varitronix
initiated their
cooperation in the 
automotive business
The mass production 
of the ﬁrst automotive 
TFT project
Drive to color
Establishment of 
Heyuan  centralised
manufacturing base
The launch of the
Tseung Kwan O factory
in Hong Kong and the
ﬁrst piece of automotive
products was produced
Manufacturing
facility in 
Heyuan
Listing on
the HKEx
Establishment
of Overseas
Oﬃces
Established
Manufacturing
Facility in PRC
Personal Debut
Ceremony of
Beijing Oriental
Electronics Co
BOE acquired
Hyundai
Electronics Co.,
Ltd. of South Korea 
and introduced the
AFFS technology
BOE's 4.5th
generation TFT-LCD
production line
in Chengdu went 
into operation
BOE's 5.5th generation
AMOLED & LTPS TFT-LCD
production line was 
launched in Ordos
A dedicated team for
automotive business
was founded
BOE's 8.5th
generation
production
line (B5) in
Hefei went
into operation
Company
Establishment
The three-step-
strategy
Upgrade and
Transformation
(Light Assets
+ One Team)
BOE Varitronix
taking
solid steps
together
A breakthrough
of over HK$10 billion,
the global leader in
market shareSPACE+G8.5
BOE VARITRONIX
BOE V ARITRONIX
POXBSENPSFUPDPNF
VARITRONIX
 BOE
The increase in the Group’s revenue was mainly attributed to the 
combined results of the increased sales of Thin Film Transistor 
(“TFT”) products and touch panel display modules as well as 
automotive system products as supported by the enhanced 
production capacity of TFT and touch panel display modules in 
our New Plant as defined below, the depreciation of Renminbi by 
approximately 8.5% for the highest to the lowest in 2023 and the 
decrease in sales of passive products.
The Group’s TFT module business and touch panel display 
module business contributed around 91% of the Group’s revenue 
while the revenue from monochrome display business decreased 
in its contribution during the year.
During the year under review, the profit attributable to 
shareholders has decreased by HK$107.2 million, approximately 
18% as compared to that of 2022 mainly due to the impact of 
price adjustment, additional costs such as staff cost, depreciation 
of the property, plant and equipment incurred for the 
manufacturing facilities in Chengdu, the PRC (the “New Plant”), 
amid production volume continuously reaching its optimal 
resulting a higher overall marginal cost during 2023.
EBITDA has decreased by 8% to HK$771 million, with EBITDA 
margin of approximately 7.2% (2022: 7.8%) of the Group’s 
revenue. The decrease was mainly due to the same factors as 
the decrease of profit attributable to shareholders mentioned 
above. The lower magnitude in decrease as compared to that of 
the profit attributable to shareholders was mainly due to the 
impact of depreciation, and we believe that with the further the 
optimisation of our production capacity in future, the net profit 
attributable to shareholder margin shall be positively impacted.
Other operating income increased as compared with 2022 which 
was mainly contributed by our rigorous effort in fund 
management and resulted in substantial increase in interest 
income. The staff costs were increased as compared with last 
year for our increase in production scale and expansion of 
production capacity for the New Plant.
The Group continuously strives for better supply chain 
management and optimizing production efficiency with an aim to 
achieve better profitability.

===== PAGE 11 =====
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 009
CHAIRMAN’S
STATEMENT
2011
2008
2006
2002
1997
1993
1991
1984
1983
1978
1993
 2002
 2009
 2011
 2011
 2013
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
BOE and Varitronix
initiated their
cooperation in the 
automotive business
The mass production 
of the ﬁrst automotive 
TFT project
Drive to color
Establishment of 
Heyuan  centralised
manufacturing base
The launch of the
Tseung Kwan O factory
in Hong Kong and the
ﬁrst piece of automotive
products was produced
Manufacturing
facility in 
Heyuan
Listing on
the HKEx
Establishment
of Overseas
Oﬃces
Established
Manufacturing
Facility in PRC
Personal Debut
Ceremony of
Beijing Oriental
Electronics Co
BOE acquired
Hyundai
Electronics Co.,
Ltd. of South Korea 
and introduced the
AFFS technology
BOE's 4.5th
generation TFT-LCD
production line
in Chengdu went 
into operation
BOE's 5.5th generation
AMOLED & LTPS TFT-LCD
production line was 
launched in Ordos
A dedicated team for
automotive business
was founded
BOE's 8.5th
generation
production
line (B5) in
Hefei went
into operation
Company
Establishment
The three-step-
strategy
Upgrade and
Transformation
(Light Assets
+ One Team)
BOE Varitronix
taking
solid steps
together
A breakthrough
of over HK$10 billion,
the global leader in
market shareSPACE+G8.5
BOE VARITRONIX
BOE V ARITRONIX
POXBSENPSFUPDPNF
VARITRONIX
 BOE
The Group sold products to those global leading Tier-1 and 
automobile manufacturer. During the year, major automotive 
manufacturers entered into a competitive landscape in terms of 
price and product features. The New Electric Vehicle (“NEV”) 
market players compete in pricing, features and quality aiming to 
boost up sales. The development has yielded overall positive 
results in 2023.
Our customers’ headquarter and decision-making unit cover all 
over the world, and with the increasing overall manufacturing, 
subcontracting, processing capability of our global customers in 
the PRC, delivery to the overseas’ and China’s customers PRC 
designated location contributes the most of our revenue. Our 
customer base has been expanding and covers major automotive 
brands for both conventional and NEV manufacturers. According 
to our statistics, our TFT display products continue to cover a 
majority of the top 20 PRC automotive manufacturers and NEV 
manufacturers and revenue from them may increase following 
their expansion. The sales of NEV in the PRC has been increasing 
and our NEV customers began to ramp-up their production 
continuously and this resulted in an increase in our sales of TFT 
related display products in the year under review.
DIVIDENDS
The Board (the “Board”) of Directors (the “Director”) has 
recommended a final dividend of 19.0 HK cents (2022: 23.0 HK 
cents) per share. The annual dividend payout ratio was 32% (the 
amount of final dividend proposed after the end of the reporting 
period over profit attributable to equity shareholders of the 
company) (2022: 31%).
BUSINESS REVIEW
AUTOMOTIVE DISPLAY BUSINESS
For the year under review, the revenue for the automotive 
display business was HK$9,710 million, an increase of 1% from 
the revenue of HK$9,577 million recorded in 2022. This business 
represented approximately 90% of the Group’s overall revenue.
During the year, the Group’s automotive display business has 
recorded a growth in sales as compared to last year amidst the 
depreciation of Renminbi by approximately 8.5% for the highest 
to the lowest in 2023. With our continuous effort in developing 
the TFT display business over the past few years, the Group is 
now in a global leading position in terms of automotive TFT 
display products, especially in medium-to-large size display 
modules.

===== PAGE 12 =====
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
010
CHAIRMAN’S
STATEMENT
The decrease in profit margin was mainly due to the impact of 
price adjustment, additional costs such as staff cost, depreciation 
of the property, plant and equipment incurred for the New Plant, 
amid production volume continuously reaching its optimal 
resulting a higher overall marginal cost during 2023. The Group 
will strive to improve the supply chain and optimize the 
production efficiency, and result of cost control measures is 
gradually improved.
INDUSTRIAL DISPLAY BUSINESS
For the year under review, the industrial display business 
generated revenue of HK$1,050 million, a decrease of 
approximately 8% from HK$1,145 million recorded for 2022. This 
business represented approximately 10% of the Group’s overall 
revenue.
The decrease of revenue during the year was mainly attributable 
to the lower demand from industrial meters and high-end home 
appliance consumer products for 2023 compared to that of 2022.
BUSINESS OUTLOOK
We believe automotive business shall continue to be our major 
business. The business of Automotive Display has ample 
opportunities, meanwhile, the Industrial Display has a 
considerable profitability that is still important to us.
AUTOMOTIVE DISPLAY BUSINESS
The automotive display device business is a tens of billions-level 
market and there is huge room for growth. The global automotive 
display modules market is showing a steady upward trend, 
especially those new technologies such as oxide and Low 
Temperature Poly-silicon (“LTPS”) which we have ample 
resources. According to Omdia data, the global compound 
annual growth rate of (i) total shipments of in-vehicle display 
modules, (ii) shipments of medium and large sizes (8 inches and 
above), and (iii) oxide and LTPS shipments in the next three years 
will reach 4.40%, 8.35% and 18.16% respectively. The Group 
expects that the expansion of the industry will bring more 
revenue and profit opportunities, and leading automotive 
enterprises are rapidly evolving towards trends such as 
standardization, platformization and supplier concentration to 
grab those opportunities. The automotive market is rapidly 
concentrating on top leading customers and the overall market 
share of top leading customers will also increase rapidly in the 
future.
As a supplier of NEV manufacturers, the Group works with our 
NEV business partners to empower their growth and remain 
competitive. With the immense business opportunities brought 
by the growth of demand of NEV and the demand for larger and 
more advanced display and the sustainable renewal of 
automotive, we have prepared the New Plant to greet the needs. 
The New Plant in Chengdu commenced its production since 
2022, and its production capacity climbs up to more than 5 times 
in 2023 and be more stable through 2023 which further 
strengthens the production and supply capacity of the Group.
Our revenue from automotive business that delivered to America 
was increased as compared to 2022. The growth was generally 
thanks to the stable growth in economy in America and our effort 
in getting orders in previous years which commence to deliver in 
2023. In addition, we extended our products to agricultural use 
vehicles and obtained positive results from the mass production. 
We will continuously explore our product applications to different 
types of vehicles and it will provide growth dynamics for our 
business.
Our revenue from automotive business that delivered to Europe 
was decreased as compared to 2022. Though our major 
customers in Europe have gradually recovered from the impact 
of the pandemic, they were still hindered by the geopolitical 
conflict, inflation, energy crisis, downturn of global economy, and 
increase of interest rate.
Other regions like Korea and Japan have also affected by the 
economy, high inflation and energy crisis. Overall results from 
other regions were dropped compared with last year.
* The above analysis is based on the location at which the services were 
provided or the goods delivered, analysis by location of sourcing 
decision is annexed on page 28 for reference.

===== PAGE 13 =====
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 011
CHAIRMAN’S
STATEMENT
Relation and Office scenarios for smart cockpits. The digitalization 
and upgrading of the Human Interface (“HMI”) experience in 
smart cockpit is becoming a major trend in the automotive 
industry. With the integration of more and more advanced display 
technologies, such as Camera Monitoring System (“CMS”), 
naked-eye 3D displays, smart surface display and privacy-on-
demand (“POD”), the demand for larger and more displays in the 
cockpit continues to increase. According to market research, the 
automotive display system market is showing a steady upward 
trend and the size of the PRC market is expected to reach nearly 
HK$100 billion in 2026. The global smart cockpit and smart travel 
market is expected to reach hundreds of billions of Hong Kong 
dollars in 2026.
During the year under review, the Group has maintained number 
one market share in the global automotive display market in 
terms of delivery quantity, area and in particular, delivery for 
displays 8 inches and above in size. The Group also obtained a 
number of awards from major automotive manufacturers and will 
further strengthen our relationship with the major automotive 
manufacturers. With the strong customer network and our keen 
technology development ambition, we have continuously 
obtained mass production projects from major automotive 
manufacturers.
The PRC automotive makers contributed to a certain extent of 
our revenue. The China Association of Automobile Manufacturers 
(“CAAM”) expects a volume growth of approximately 21% of NEV 
sales from the PRC automotive manufacturers in 2024 and it 
indicates huge potential for our growth in the market. Benefiting 
from the world’s largest NEV charging network, the sale 
proportion of NEV in the PRC increased to approximately 33% in 
2023 compared with 2022. With the PRC government’s plan to 
strengthen and expand the NEV charging network to rural areas 
and to highways between cities, the demand of NEV will be 
boosted and eventually contribute to our revenue. The 
comprehensive infrastructures lead the PRC’s production and 
sales of NEV to maintain first rank in the world for 9 successive 
years, with global market share for around 60% in terms of global 
sales volume in 2023. Meanwhile, the PRC automotive market is 
still competitive with price raging and new products and 
technology evolve rapidly.
Environmental protection is becoming the top priority work of 
many governments and many governments releases policies to 
promote use of NEVs which is more environmental friendly. 
Certain supportive policies for NEV in the PRC such as (i) new 
automotive technology such as the new China national standard 
GB15084-2022 for “Motor vehicles — Devices for indirect vision 
— Requirements of performance and installation” for vehicle 
CMS products that has been in force in the PRC since 1 July 2023; 
(ii) the full implementation of the 6B phase of “Limits and 
measurement methods for emissions from light-duty vehicles 
(CHINA 6)”; and (iii) The office of The State Council released a 
guideline to strengthen the integration of NEVs into the country’s 
power grid in June 2023. Meanwhile, the European Parliament 
approved a new law to forbid new sale of petrol and diesel cars 
in the European Union from 2035. The roadmap of the transition 
from petrol and diesel vehicles to NEV shall provide a growth 
chance to us in European markets. We believe all the above shall 
increase the demand for NEVs and our products.
Apart from the traditional display, the upcoming automotive 
display system business and the smart cockpit solution market 
will have great potential development. With the continuous 
upgrade of smart cockpits, the cockpit space has multiple 
attributes such as socializing, working, and entertainment. 
Automotive will become people’s “third space” in addition to 
living space and workspace. The Group also introduce “HERO” 
project for application scenarios of smart cockpit and work with 
our global partners to develop Healthiness, Entertainment, 


===== PAGE 14 =====
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
012
CHAIRMAN’S
STATEMENT
The recent geopolitical conflicts, unstable global economic 
environment, energy crisis, global inflation and increase of 
interest rate may continue to bring uncertainty to the global 
economy and the supply and demand of our products. 
Intensifying price competition goes around automotive industry, 
customers may shift some of their burdens to us in order to 
succeed in the competitions. Nevertheless, new and high quality 
products, larger-size displays, and modern product design are 
also key success factors for the leading automotive 
manufacturers, the Group will enhance product quality and 
develop unique and innovative products, such as extra-large 
automotive display, curved display, and display system in order 
to increase our competitiveness. The Group will remain vigilant 
and take necessary measures to reduce the potential impact that 
may result.
For Europe and America in particular, there is an increasing trend 
for Tier-1 customers’ presence in different locations such as Asia 
to react production need of its customers and this pave 
opportunities for us to cater for their needs with our extended 
experience in serving international customers. In addition, there 
is increasing need for high-end products such as OLED and 
Panoramic Head-up Displays (“PHUD”). PHUD is one of the most 
exciting innovations in the displays industry and the overall 
shipments in 2025 could be among to half million units and to 
seven million units in 2030 based on information from Omdia. 
Since earlier of 2023, one of our European customers unveiled its 
automotive model with PHUD technology and it is expected to 
lead the PHUD market. We believe our revenue from PHUD 
products will have considerable growth in the coming years with 
our capability in this product, the market demand and its high 
unit price.
The Group continues to win new businesses from our long-term 
customers as well as newly developed customers by working 
closely with our customers, tailor for their needs and set up local 
sales teams to give prompt responds to customers’ needs. We 
will also promptly respond to customer needs, technical 
requirements, and provide quality after-sale services. With such, 
we are able to continuously obtain orders from major well-known 
overseas automotive manufacturers with breakthroughs in super 
large size and more sophisticated products. The Group also put 
utmost effort to explore the opportunity to apply our display 
modules in different types of vehicles such as those for 
agricultural use, trucks, motor vehicles, and obtains new 
business opportunities.
With the keen competition among automotive manufacturers and 
to achieve breakthrough in the growth rate, to expand into 
overseas markets will be a critical option for those leading PRC 
automotive manufacturers. Though facing certain challenges 
such as insufficient NEV charging network, immature distribution 
channel and low branding loyalty, the PRC automotive 
manufacturers are improving its products cost performance ratio, 
product uniqueness, product design and product quality, and are 
becoming more welcomed by overseas customers. Certain PRC 
NEV manufacturers have increased their footprints, capability 
and influence across the globe, demonstrated by investment in 
overseas production plants, higher global sales, break-through in 
profitability and with more strategic cooperation with global large 
investors. The Group expects that those leading NEV 
manufacturers in the PRC will further increase their market 
shares in the automotive market in the future and become global 
automotive enterprise. At present, the Group has footprints on 
most of the overall market share in the NEV market in the PRC, 
and maintains a high market shares in leading automotive 
manufacturers, the development of the industry represents 
vibrant development opportunity for the players in the industries 
including our Group.


===== PAGE 15 =====
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 013
CHAIRMAN’S
STATEMENT
Apart from the above external factors that may impact our 
business and profitability, we are aware of potential challenges 
to us. The New Plant commenced production since 2022, whilst 
the Group believes the New Plant allows us to capture the 
upcoming business opportunities brought by the vibrant 
expanding NEV market, the New Plant is still under initial 
production stage and hence increase in costs has not been 
matched by corresponding increase in revenue. In the process in 
optimizing the operation, the New Plant may require additional 
financing for capital expenditure and incur additional finance 
cost. The New Plant is in the process of improving gradually by (i) 
increasing its production volume, (ii) increasing utilization of its 
plant and equipment, (iii) improving product quality and (iv) 
reducing production loss, to improve profitability. We will try our 
utmost effort to reduce the impact during the process and the 
New Plant will introduce a number of measures including small 
work-orders, micro management, on-site work, etc. for 
improvement of production efficiency and effectiveness.
Looking forward to 2024, amid those challenges and 
opportunities, the Group will strive to improve supply chain 
management, sharpen our product innovation, optimize 
production efficiency, capture market opportunities and enhance 
product quality, we believe with the successful optimization of 
the operation, higher utilization of plant and equipment of the 
New Plant, with an ideal market condition and demand that 
meets the desired production capacity, we believe we could 
achieve an overall lower marginal cost and reach optimal 
profitability.
INDUSTRIAL DISPLAY BUSINESS
During the year, the Group successfully gained orders from new 
energy transportation with the relaxation of pandemic. With the 
products upgrade to enhance user experience, more passive 
customers tend to change to use TFT products. The Group 
continues to promote TFT display products to our long-term 
customers such as industrial meters and high-end home 
appliance consumer products to expand the business and 
improve profitability of our Industrial Display Business.
For other regions, the Group continues to work closely with 
customers to grab more revenue.
Leveraging on the solid customer relationship and product 
quality, to fulfil the needs of automotive manufacturers in 
expanding their business and upgrading user experience through 
multi-screen, large-size and high-quality displays with improved 
HMI, we continue to pay our effort in developing new technology, 
which annexed in the section headed “Technology  
Development”, to meet the market needs. The Group shall 
continue our diversified development strategy to effectively 
balance potential risks, cope with market challenges, and 
maintain competitive to grasp the exciting market opportunities.
Apart from the traditional display modules, the Group places 
strong emphasis on emerging businesses such as the automotive 
system business and CMS to capture those opportunities. We 
believe that there are immense opportunities for us as brought 
by the application of HMI and other emerging products such as 
PHUD, Augmented Reality Heads Up Displays (“AR-HUD”), CMS, 
seat armrest screens, side door screens, rear flip screens, co-
pilot screens and etc.
The Group keeps working with customers to develop system 
products and CMS products that can satisfy the concerns of the 
customers, such as cost, safety, privacy, cyber security and 
sustainability in order to enhance the average selling price as 
well as the profitability. Through our continuous pursuance of 
success, the Group continues to win orders and is participating in 
the system display solution business for the PRC’s leading NEV 
automotive manufacturers and actively extends footprint on such 
business into overseas markets.
In terms of the supply chain, suppliers of IC chip are gradually 
switched from more expensive sources to lower cost sources 
and reduces their overall cost. In addition, the Group expects that 
some upstream partners will be able to enjoy lower cost sources 
and ultimately improve our profitability. The Group also work 
closely with our suppliers for the price adjustments mechanism 
of our raw materials in order to maintain a reasonable profit 
margin under the competition. The Group shall continue to have 
dual global sources to meet the quality and cost need for us and 
our customers.

===== PAGE 16 =====
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
014
CHAIRMAN’S
STATEMENT
BOE x Geely Automobile
Xiaopeng G6 powered by 
BOE 14.96” mid-console 
display assembly
FAW Hongqi LS 7 powered by BOE’s  
full range of vehicle display
NIO ES 6 powered by 
BOE 12.8” AMOLED
mid-console
Aston Martin powered by BOE 10.25” 
BD Cell mid-console display
Rising Auto F7 powered by 
BOE 15.05” AMOLED
mid-console
Hyper GT powered by BOE 14.6” 
Oxide mid-console
NETA Auto GT powered by 
BOE17.6” LTPS mid-console
Chery Automobile powered 
by BOE dual 12.3” curved 
Mini LED instrument 
mid-console display

===== PAGE 17 =====
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 015
CHAIRMAN’S
STATEMENT
includes the evaluation of our suppliers’ social responsibility 
performance and their social responsibility performance will be 
one of the factors in our selection of supplier. International 
recognitions are also important for us to sell our high quality 
products to overseas and PRC customers, all products must 
strictly comply with our quality management system, which fully 
comply with ISO 9001 and IATF 16949, and we will monitor and 
follow the international standards in order to meet our overseas 
and PRC customers’ needs.
TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT
The automobile intelligence has driven the market demand for in-
vehicle display applications to become more diversified. The 
smart cockpit industry is currently booming. The number and 
average size of the new generation of smart car display screens 
have increased significantly, and they are used in instrument 
cluster, mid-console, heads-up displays, electronic mirrors, rear-
seat entertainment and other scenes of display market demand 
continues to expand. With the maturity of 5G and AI technology, 
the popularity of new scenes and new applications is 
accelerating, and smart cockpits will become the “third space” 
for users’ mobile travel scenarios. The Group has deeply 
participated in the intelligent development of the global 
automotive industry with its profound technological accumulation 
and firm investment in innovation, providing unlimited 
possibilities for the flourishing of the intelligent cockpit industry.
In 2023, the Group officially released the “HERO” project for 
application scenarios in the era of smart cars. In the future, it will 
work with global partners to create more smart cockpit scenario-
based experiences, including Healthiness, Entertainment, 
Relaxation and Office, the Group will improve its technology 
based on existing products, integrate more innovative products 
and solutions into the vehicle design, and create more values for 
customers.
AUTOMOTIVE OXIDE TECHNOLOGY
With the increasing demand for high resolution, narrow borders, 
and low power consumption, traditional amorphous silicon (“a-
Si”) can no longer meet the requirements of use. Therefore, it is 
necessary to find other semiconductors with higher electron 
mobility to meet the requirements of use. Some oxide 
semiconductors, represented by indium gallium zinc oxide 
(“IGZO”), have become the best choice to replace traditional a-Si 
due to their simple fabrication process and high electron mobility. 
In order to improve product performance, the Group is also 
constantly pursuing technological innovation. The Automotive 
DEVELOPMENT STRATEGY
Through the relentless effort of the Group, we are gradually 
deploying our development strategy and shall continue to be a 
leading integrated automotive display and smart cockpit display 
solution provider. Our market share maintains number one and 
our products have reached major Tier-1 manufacturers and NEV 
manufacturers. We have established our competitive advantage 
in providing multifunctional, state-of-the-art quality products with 
stable supply, high cost-performance ratio and fine after-sales 
services. The Group will continue our strong relationships with 
our strategic partners, including major automotive  
manufacturers, NEV manufacturers, suppliers and other eco-
system partners, to develop our business as well as the larger 
smart cockpit display business.
The Group will strive to expand its automotive display business 
and maintain its leading position with clear short-term and long-
term goal, and continues our “three-step development strategy”, 
that is to further strengthen the leading position of the 
automotive display device business, then to explore the 
development of the automotive display system business, and 
ultimately grasp the development opportunities from system and 
smart cockpit solutions. In achieving so, the Group shall utilises 
our resources with suppliers to achieve the asset-light operation 
to reduce overall costs.
Sustainability is key to future success of the Group and the Group 
attaches great importance to environmental protection and 
sustainable development. The Group also aware that certain of 
our customers put Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) 
as an important factor for supplier selection. To enhance our ESG 
performance, the Group has (i) installed solar power generation 
devices to reduce carbon emission and power consumption, (ii) 
centralized treatment facilities to process waste gas and water 
before discharge and (iii) replaced old equipment by certain 
energy saving equipment laying the foundation of nation green 
factories. Our manufacturing facilities regularly measure and 
monitor the emissions of pollutants, we also set targets for our 
manufacturing facilities to reduce carbon emission, energy and 
water consumption, hazardous and non-hazardous waste in 
2025. In addition, we are also working together with our 
customers and suppliers to meet the net zero ambition by 
proposing the use of environmental-friendly materials and 
avoiding the use of hazardous materials. The Group also strive to 
maintain high standard of employee safety, we will investigate all 
injury cases and implement precautionary measures to avoid a 
repeat occurrence. Our supply chain management system 

===== PAGE 18 =====
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
016
CHAIRMAN’S
STATEMENT
f-OLED
f-OLED represents the high-end flexible Organic Light-Emitting 
Diode (“OLED”) technology solution, which has the industry 
leading advantages of gorgeous colors, varied forms and high 
integration, and brings users an immersive experience anytime 
and anywhere.
A number of automotive f-OLED projects have entered the mass 
production stage.
Also, we are developing Tandem OLED (Double Layer OLED), a 
new type of OLED formed by electrically connecting multiple 
organic light emitting (EL) units in series inside the device through 
a special internal connection layer, which can have the 
characteristics of high efficiency and long life at the same time.
CURVED DISPLAY
For curved display solutions, we overcome different challenges, 
such as automotive reliability, mechanical durability, cross-color 
and black level, etc. Dual 12.3 inches Curved (R3000) Cockpit 
Display Module is already in mass production.
3D DISPLAY
Regarding the 3D display, with the continuous development of 
autonomous driving, the communication between the driver and 
the car requires a new HMI. 3D space image and HMI input will 
be the focus of future development. Currently, the Group has 
completed the development of naked-eye 3D display for ~5K 
ultra-high-definition display and embedded it into the driving 
monitoring system to provide visually attractive 3D display 
instruments and a realistic and immersive DMS feedback 
interface. Use Nomi/Siri and other virtual digital assistance, 
combined with gesture touch interaction, to interact with Nomi 
virtual digital assistance will realize humanized communication 
and dialogue scenarios. Realize inspiring three-dimensional 
interactive display scenes.
The next step is to conquer multiple viewpoints, widen the FOV, 
remove the eye tracking system, and save the computing power 
of the domain control station. At the same time, a real-time 3D 
reversing imaging system with no delay is developing.
Oxide Technology is a major breakthrough in improving the 
display performance based on the a-Si technology. The Oxide 
Technology has now fully passed Automotive Reliability 
Verification.
The Automotive Oxide Product Specifications are  
comprehensively superior to a-Si Technology, such as narrow 
borders, high transmittance and low power consumption, etc., 
combined with Touch and Display Driver Integration (“TDDI”) 
technology, providing excellent touch performance and touch 
experience. Compared to LTPS technology, it has low leakage 
current characteristics and can achieve low-frequency driving 
when there is no update on the screen, further reducing power 
consumption. In terms of process, the Oxide Technology has 
better uniformity in preparation and can produce full-size panels 
to achieve large-scale automotive display. It also has significant 
cost advantages in automotive display applications and has a 
high cost performance ratio. The Group launches the world’s first 
Automotive 14.6-inches Quad High Definition (“QHD”) Oxide 
Display Product has entered the mass production stage. At the 
CES 2024, the newly developed Curved 45-inch 9K ultra-large 
Oxide cockpit screen was displayed. At the same time, several 
Oxide display products are under development.
ADS-PRO
ADS, is the abbreviation of Advanced Super Dimension Switch. 
This technology not only has the advantages of ripple free on 
touching and wide viewing angle, but also has the advantages of 
more accurate gamma and smaller color deviation in large 
viewing angle.
On the basis of ADS technology, ADS-Pro further superimposes 
high-end technologies such as Mini Light-Emitting Diode (“Mini 
LED”), BOE Dual Cell (“BD Cell”), high refresh rate, high resolution 
and high color gamut, so that the screen display effect is closer 
to the real picture seen by the human eye.
Recently, we have several BD Cell and Mini LED display screen 
projects awarded in well-known car manufacturers, which shows 
customers’ recognition of us.

===== PAGE 19 =====
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 017
CHAIRMAN’S
STATEMENT
POD Technology has been introduced to the key Tier-1 customers 
in 2023 and received the positive feedback from the customers. 
The technology already in sample stage with some Tier-1 
customer. With the more solid requirement from OEM, 
continuous improvement will be carried on in 2024. The improved 
version plan to launch to the market in Q4, 2024.
FORCE TOUCH SENSING TECHNOLOGY
In the outdoor and marine application, will encounter the 
situation of rainy day, salt water and cold weather that the thick 
glove needed, traditional touch sensor will always have false 
sensing problem. These problems can be solved by the newly 
developed force touch sensing technology. Touch sensor + Force 
sensor together can sense the touch signal not only with the 
touch sensor but also with the force sensor. This technology is 
perfectly suitable for outdoor situation such as motorcycles and 
marine application.
SYSTEM/SEMI-SYSTEM WITH PASSIVE DISPLAY
System and Semi-system with Passive Display is the solution for 
the cost driven system application, such as motorcycle cluster 
and white goods. The newly developed simple knob and touch 
semi-system integrated the display, knob and touch function into 
one system. It can be directly connected to customer mother 
board and easily applied to White goods application. The 
reliability qualification has been completed in the second quarter 
of 2023 and already promoted to market from Q3 2023. There are 
already some system models in the sample stage from the Q4 
2023. System/Semi-system will be a value-added product in 
Passive Display technology, shifting from Passive panel 
manufacturing to Passive system will be another growing point 
for Passive business.
SMART COCKPIT DISPLAY SYSTEM
In the development of smart cockpit display system, the Group is 
not only enhancing its capabilities in the existing technology 
product lines but also exploring more solutions.
In Augmented Reality Heads Up Displays (“AR-HUD”) system, a 
new generation TFT solution using our self-developed 3.6 inches 
Liquid Crystal Display Projected Graphic Units (“3.6 inches LCD 
PGU”) solution to achieve super-large perceived image design 
has been completed, which enables us to upgrade the 
performance across the whole series. We have also completed 
the development of Liquid Crystal on Silicon (“LCoS”) based 
optical core in AR-HUD products and have applied for 34 
technology patents that generated from the development. At the 
same time, we will lay out other forms of AR-HUD, such as P-HUD 
products. The Group can now provide customers with super-
large image AR-HUD products based on the three mainstream 
technology solutions of TFT, Digital Light Processing (“DLP”) and 
LCoS.
SMART SURFACE DISPLAY
With the development of smart cockpits, smart surface display 
technology is gradually being applied to automotive interiors. It is 
a surface display technology that integrates functionality and 
intelligence. In the design of the smart cockpit, redundant 
buttons and switch designs can be reduced, thereby making the 
design of the cockpit more concise and intelligent. In recent 
years, electric vehicles have gained many fans due to their many 
advantages such as environmental protection, quietness, 
excellent performance and low vehicle cost. Coupled with strong 
policy support from countries all over the world, their sales have 
continued to rise. Behind the fierce market, the majority of 
consumers have also put forward higher requirements for the 
intelligence of electric vehicles, among which the smart surface 
is a very important part.
The smart surface is an important component of the automotive 
interior that integrates decoration and display functions. It uses a 
certain dielectric material to increase the optical structure of the 
product, and can be awakened by touch sensing, gestures or 
voice commands when the user needs. Activate to get display 
feedback and responses.
The smart surface material has completed vehicle-level reliability 
testing. In the next step, we will develop surface materials for 
more scenes, leather surfaces, and cloth textures. And equipped 
with Mini-LED light control effect.
PRIVACY ON DEMAND TECHNOLOGY (“POD”)
Privacy display is to block the image of passenger display from 
driver viewing. It can prevent the distraction of drivers from 
unnecessary information to ensure safe driving. It is the new 
trend of worldwide car makers. Display with commonly used 
Advanced Light Control film (“ALCF”) can for as this purpose but 
only has privacy mode. That means the image always blocks in 
driver viewing direction and the information in passenger display 
cannot be shared with driver. On the contrary, The Group newly 
developed POD Technology, using Passive Display for image 
blocking, can provide selection between “Privacy” and “Sharing” 
mode according to the driver demand. When “Sharing” mode is 
selected, the passenger display information can be shared. At 
the same time the optical performance will not sacrifice a lot as 
compared with ALCF. Privacy display will become essential in 
future automotive industry, especially for high end car model and 
car with large panel. This application is with huge potential and 
will bring us a great profit in future.

===== PAGE 20 =====
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
018
CHAIRMAN’S
STATEMENT
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
During the year, the Group has achieved growth in revenue 
through successful implementation of our strategy. Our customer 
base has broadened and solidified thanks to the trust of our 
business partners. The Group will continue to grasp the upcoming 
trend of the automotive industry and to pursuit our strategy to 
become a leading integrated automotive smart cockpit display 
system solution provider. The Company’s shares have been 
included in the Hang Seng Index series constituent stocks and 
Hong Kong Stock Connect in March 2023 marking a recognition 
of our importance in the stock market and this further reiterate 
our mission to achieve the satisfaction of our shareholders. It is 
the 45th anniversary of the Company, our long establishment, 
our success and continuing growth was contributed by our 
management, employees, shareholders, investors and business 
partners, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express my 
sincere gratitude for their continuous support.
Gao Wenbao
Chairman
Hong Kong, 21 March 2024
For CMS, the Group has completed the development of the first 
product that passed the authoritative test based on the new 
China national standard GB15084 for class III under the regulation 
for indirect vision device in vehicle in the PRC and has obtained 
3C certification, which realise our market value and actively 
explore and deploy from passenger cars to commercial vehicles.
At the same time, the Group is also actively developing new 
technical solutions to prepare for future development needs. In 
terms of rear entertainment scene solutions, the 17.3-inch rear 
entertainment ceiling screen has gained focus from core 
customers and started project development. In another brand-
new field, the group has completed a cockpit network domain 
controller based on the high-computing power Xinchi platform, 
using a hardware isolation solution to achieve multiple screens 
and dual operating systems in one machine. Meet functional 
safety and network security needs. Combining the Group’s 
advantages in software and hardware resources, it can provide 
customers with a full range of cockpit solutions to maximize the 
added value of its products.
IMPORTANT EVENT AFTER THE YEAR 
ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023
At 31 December 2023, the bank loan amount of HK$171,044,000 
is secured by certain land, buildings, machinery and equipment 
of a subsidiary of the Group to match its long-term development. 
Such underlying pledged agreement of the loan agreement will 
be effective when registration of those land and building with 
relevant authorities is completed and management expected that 
will be within 2024.
The Group had no other material events for disclosure 
subsequent to 31 December 2023 and up to the date of this 
report.

===== PAGE 21 =====
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 019
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS
The Board has approved and adopted a dividend policy on 1 
January 2019 (the “Dividend Policy”). Under the Dividend Policy, 
subject to compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations 
and the bye-laws of the Company, the Company intends to 
maintain a stable dividend policy in future with a dividend payout 
ratio of not less than 30%. However, the determination to pay 
dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of the Board 
and will be based on the profits, cash flows, financial condition, 
capital requirements and other conditions that the Board deems 
relevant. The payment of dividends may be limited by legal 
restrictions and agreements that the Company may enter into in 
the future.
The Dividend Policy will continue to be reviewed from time to 
time and there can be no assurance that dividends will be paid in 
any particular amount for any given period.
STRUCTURE OF ASSETS
As at 31 December 2023, the total assets of the Group amounted 
to HK$10,034 million (2022: HK$8,283 million), the increase was 
mainly due to associated impact of the completion of the New 
Plant and more cash and fixed deposits. At the year end, 
inventories increased by 24% to HK$1,947 million (2022: HK$1,568 
million), such increase was mainly due to enhanced production 
capacity following the completion of the New Plant. While other 
financial assets amounted to HK$57 million (2022: HK$43 million).
REVENUE
The Group’s revenue for the year ended 31 December 2023 
increased by 0.4% to HK$10,760 million as compared to the 
previous financial year. The increase in the Group’s revenue was 
mainly attributed to the combined results of the increased sales 
of Thin Film Transistor (“TFT”) products and touch panel display 
modules as well as automotive system products as supported by 
the enhanced production capacity of TFT and touch panel display 
modules in the manufacturing facilities in Chengdu, the PRC (the 
“New Plant”), the depreciation of Renminbi by approximately 
8.5% for the highest to the lowest in 2023 and the decrease in 
sales of passive products.
PROFIT FROM OPERATIONS
The profit from operations for the year ended 31 December 2023 
was HK$570 million, a decrease of approximately 15% as 
compared to the previous financial year. The decrease was 
mainly due to the impact of price adjustment, additional costs 
such as staff cost, depreciation of the property, plant and 
equipment incurred for the New Plant, amid production volume 
continuously reaching its optimal resulting a higher overall 
marginal cost during 2023.
During the financial year 2023, the Group spent HK$237 million 
on research and development (“R&D”) activities, which 
represented approximately 2% of the Group’s revenue. The 
proportion of R&D expenses to revenue remains stable.
NET PROFIT AND DIVIDENDS
The profit attributable to shareholders for the year ended 31 
December 2023 was HK$475 million, as compared to a profit 
attributable to shareholders of HK$582 million in 2022. The 
decrease was mainly due to the same factors as the decrease of 
profit from operations.
Basic earnings per share for the year ended 31 December 2023 
were 60.4 HK cents as compared to basic earnings per share of 
78.4 HK cents in the previous financial year. During the year, the 
Group did not declare an interim dividend. The Board has 
recommended a final dividend of 19.0 HK cents per share for the 
year ended 31 December 2023, which will aggregate to HK$150 
million. The total dividend for the year amounted to 19.0 HK cents 
per share.


===== PAGE 22 =====
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
020
CAPITAL STRUCTURE
The Group’s long-term capital comprises shareholders’ equity 
and debt, which includes the bank borrowings. There was no 
change as to the capital structure of the Group during the year. 
The bank borrowings decreased to HK$620 million as at 31 
December 2023 (2022: HK$667 million), for details of the changes 
of bank borrowings, please refer to Note 21(d) to the financial 
statements. The bank borrowings of the Group are denominated 
in Renminbi.
As at 31 December 2023, the cash and cash equivalents of the 
Group was HK$3,501 million (2022: HK$2,819 million).
The cash and cash equivalents are denominated in:
2023 2022
HK$ million HK$ million
— RMB 2,168 1,522
— USD 1,198 856
— HK$ 16 355
— Other currencies 119 86
   
 3,501 2,819
   
MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND 
DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES, 
ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES
There were no material acquisition or disposals of subsidiaries, 
associates and joint ventures during the year.
USE OF NET PROCEEDS FROM PLACING 
OF NEW SHARES UNDER GENERAL 
MANDATE (THE “PLACING”) AND 
SHAREHOLDER SUBSCRIPTION OF NEW 
SHARES UNDER SPECIFIC MANDATE 
(THE “SHAREHOLDER SUBSCRIPTION”)
Reference to announcement and circular of the Company dated 
1 September 2022 and 28 September 2022, respectively, the 
existing manufacturing facilities in Heyuan of the PRC have been 
highly utilised. To capture the upcoming business opportunities 
and further expand its market share in the automotive display 
industry, the Group has established the project of setting up its 
new TFT and touch panel display module manufacturing facilities 
in Chengdu of the PRC, therefore the Company raised fund for 
the project from the Placing and by the Shareholder Subscription 
during the year 2022. The completion of the Placing and the 
Shareholder Subscription took place on 9 September 2022 and 21 
October 2022 respectively.
LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES
As at 31 December 2023, the total equity of the Group was 
HK$4,410 million (2022: HK$4,116 million). The Group’s current 
ratio, being the proportion of total current assets against total 
current liabilities, was 1.61 as at 31 December 2023 (2022: 1.61).
At the year end, the Group held a liquid portfolio of HK$3,572 
million (2022: HK$2,881 million) of which HK$3,501 million (2022: 
HK$2,881 million) was in cash and fixed deposits balance, HK$15 
million (2022: HK$65 thousand) was in other financial assets, 
HK$56 million (2022: Nil) was in restricted bank deposits. The 
increase in liquid portfolio was contributed by our rigorous effort 
in fund and working capital management. At the year end, the 
Group had the bank borrowings balance of HK$620 million (2022: 
HK$667 million). The carrying amounts of bank borrowings are 
denominated in Renminbi. Among the bank loan of HK$620 
million, HK$383 million (2022: HK$31 million) is long-term 
borrowing mainly to facilitate our capital expenditure. The 
Group’s gearing ratio (bank borrowings over net assets) was 
approximately 14.1% as at 31 December 2023 (2022: 16.2%). The 
decrease in gearing ratio was due to our effort to minimize the 
operational risk.
The Group’s inventory turnover ratio (cost of inventories over 
average inventories balance) for the year was 5 times (2022: 8 
times), inventory turnover ratio decreased as the enhanced 
production capacity increase the inventory level. Debtor turnover 
days (trade receivables over revenue times 365) for the year was 
75 days (2022: 68 days), debtor turnover days increased in line 
with trade receivables.
CASH FLOWS
In the year under review, the Group’s cash generated from 
operations amounted to HK$1,307 million (2022: HK$834 million), 
such increase was contributed by our utmost effort in optimizing 
working capital and minimizing operational risk. The increase in 
trade and other payables increased cash flow by HK$1,309 
million. The increase in inventories and increase in trade and 
other receivables, deposits and prepayments and other contract 
costs decreased cash flow by HK$398 million and HK$347 million 
respectively.
Net cash used in investing activities amounted to HK$224 million 
(2022: HK$1,170 million). There were payments for the purchase 
of property, plant and equipment of HK$502 million (2022: 
HK$1,176 million).

===== PAGE 23 =====
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 021
The aggregated net proceeds from the Placing and the 
Shareholder Subscription was amounted to HK$798.8 million. 
Such net proceeds is intended to be applied in the manner 
consistent with that disclosed in the announcement and circular 
of the Company dated 1 September 2022 and 28 September 2022 
respectively.
•	 Approximately 	18%, 	or 	HK$143.9 	million, 	will 	be 	used 	for	
plant construction in the PRC;
•	 Approximately 	51%, 	or 	HK$410.7 	million, 	will 	be 	used 	for	
purchases of various manufacturing equipment in the PRC; 
and
•	 Approximately 	31%, 	or 	HK$244.2 	million, 	will 	be 	used 	for	
working capital and general corporate purpose in the PRC.
The directors of the Company are not aware of any material 
change to the planned use of net proceeds as at the date of this 
report.
The net proceeds (after deducting the commissions and 
expenses payable by the Company relating to the Placing) from 
the Placing of 33,300,000 new ordinary Shares to 28 independent 
third parties was approximately HK$499.8 million (representing a 
net placing price of approximately HK$15.01 per placing share), 
which was based on the placing price of HK$15.20 per placing 
share. The closing price of the Company’s shares on 9 September 
2022 was HK$17.00 per share. The net proceeds (after deducting 
the expenses payable by the Company relating to the 
Shareholder Subscription) from the Shareholder Subscription of 
19,730,000 new ordinary Shares to BOE Technology (HK) Limited, 
the controlling shareholder and therefore a substantial 
shareholder of the Company, was approximately HK$299.0 
million (representing a net subscription price of approximately 
HK$15.15 per subscription share), which was based on the 
subscription price of HK$15.20 per subscription share. The 
closing price of the Company’s shares on 21 October 2022 was 
HK$12.56 per share.


===== PAGE 24 =====
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
022
FOREIGN CURRENCY AND INTEREST 
RATE EXPOSURE
The Group is exposed to foreign currency risk primarily through 
sales and purchases that are denominated in a currency other 
than the functional currency of the operations to which they 
relate. The currencies giving rise to this risk are primarily United 
State dollars, Euros, Japanese Yen and Renminbi.
The Group primarily hedge its foreign currency exposure by its 
operation and is not engaged in the use of any financial 
instruments for hedging purposes. Management of the Group 
monitors foreign exchange exposure from time to time and will 
consider hedging significant foreign currency exposure when the 
need arises.
As of 31 December 2023, the bank borrowings of the Group are 
with fixed and floating interest rate, where the balances are 
HK$443 million and HK$177 million respectively (as of 31 
December 2022: HK$33 million and HK$634 million respectively). 
The Group will monitor interest rate movements and consider 
appropriate measures when arranging bank borrowings with 
floating rates.
As at 31 December 2023, all the net proceeds from the Placing and the Shareholder Subscription have been utilised as planned and 
were as follows:
Percentage
of net
proceeds
Available
to utilise
Utilised
during
2023
Accumulated
utilised
(up to
31 December
2023)
Unutilised
(as at
31 December
2023)
Expected
timetable for
the usage of
the unutilised
net proceeds as at
31 December 2023
% HK$ million HK$ million HK$ million HK$ million
Plant construction in the PRC 18 143.9 13.3 143.9 – N/A
Purchases of various manufacturing 
equipment in the PRC
51 410.7 376.3 410.7 – N/A
Working capital and general 
corporate purpose in the PRC
31 244.2 159.2 244.2 – N/A
       
Total 100 798.8 548.8 798.8 –
       
FINANCIAL GUARANTEES AND CHARGE 
ON ASSETS
At 31 December 2023, the bank loan amount of HK$171,044,000 
(31 December 2022: Nil) is secured by certain land, buildings, 
machinery and equipment of a subsidiary of the Group to match 
its long-term development. Such underlying pledged agreement 
of the loan agreement will be effective when registration of those 
land and building with relevant authorities is completed and 
management expected that will be within 2024.
Save as disclosed as above, the Group had no other financial 
guarantees and charge on assets as at 31 December 2023 
(31 December 2022: Nil).


===== PAGE 25 =====
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 023
STAFF RETIREMENT SCHEMES
In Hong Kong, the Group principally participates in the Mandatory 
Provident Fund (“MPF”) Scheme operated by independent 
trustees. Contribution at a fixed rate of 5% of the employee’s 
relevant income (the “Relevant Income”), subject to a cap of 
monthly Relevant Income of HK$30,000 per employee, are made 
to the scheme and are vested immediately.
In addition, the Group also operates a Top-Up ORSO scheme, 
approved by the Inland Revenue Department under Section 87A 
of the Inland Revenue Ordinance, and both the employer and the 
employee are required to contribute 5% of the excess of the 
Relevant Income to the scheme. It is only eligible for employees 
who joined the Group on or before 30 June 2009.
With effect from 1 December 2019, the Top-Up ORSO scheme is 
ceased and instead, the Top-Up contributions is made to the MPF 
scheme.
The Group has also complied with all relevant laws, regulations 
and local policies in Hong Kong in relation to staff retirement 
matters.
The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries which operate in the 
PRC are required to participate in central pension schemes 
operated by the local municipal government. The subsidiaries are 
required to contribute certain percentage of the payroll costs to 
the central pension schemes. The contributions are charged to 
the profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the 
rules of the central pension schemes.
During the year, the total retirement scheme cost charged to the 
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss for the year ended 31 
December 2023 was HK$65 million (2022: HK$45 million). Charges 
to administer of the scheme are deducted from the employer’s 
contributions. Forfeited contributions are used by the employer 
to offset against future contributions. The utilised amount during 
the year ended 31 December 2023 was HK$Nil (2022: HK$Nil) and 
at 31 December 2023, the balance available to reduce the level of 
contributions in future amounted to HK$Nil (2022: HK$Nil).
The Group has also implemented retirement schemes for all 
employees of overseas offices in accordance with relevant 
national laws, regulations and local policies.
COMMITMENTS
The capital commitments outstanding at 31 December 2023 not 
provided in the Group’s financial statements were approximately 
HK$346 million (2022: HK$905 million), mainly representing the 
acquisition cost of plant, machinery, tools and equipment not 
provided for in the financial statements. The above will be 
financed by internal resources of the Group and/or external 
financing.
OTHER INVESTMENTS
As at 31 December 2023, the Group owned a diversified 
investment portfolio, such as investments in associates and 
equity investments in the automotive industry. The Group is also 
conscientiously keep looking for investment opportunities to 
cater our development strategy and business expansion.
Apart from the above, there are no other material investment. 
The results of the above investments have been properly 
reflected in the audited financial statements for the year ended 
31 December 2023.
CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
As at 31 December 2023, the Company had no material 
contingent liabilities (31 December 2022: Nil).
STAFF
As at 31 December 2023, the Group employed 7,183 staff around 
the world, of whom 122 were in Hong Kong, 7,005 in the PRC and 
56 were in overseas. The Group remunerates its employees 
(including directors) based on their performance, experience and 
prevailing industry practice. The Group operates a share option 
scheme (lapsed on 2 June 2023), a share award plan, provides 
rent-free quarters to certain of its employees in Hong Kong and 
the PRC and other fringe benefit to employees.
The Group adopts a performance-based remuneration policy. 
Salary adjustments and performance bonuses are based on the 
evaluation of job performance. The aim is to create an 
atmosphere that encourages top performers and provides 
incentives for employees to improve and excel.
The Group always keeps pace with the times and strive to 
improve human resources efficiency and corporate governance 
capabilities, arrange sufficient human resources, provide 
different training and development programmes to attract, 
motivate and retain talented staff.

===== PAGE 26 =====
REVIEW OF  
OPERATIONS
Since our establishment in 1978, the Group has 
continuously evolved and adapted to the changing 
landscape of display technology to meet the 
dynamic demands of the industry. As a leading 
global supplier of intelligent display automotive 
displays and solutions, we maintain a balanced 
business presence around the world.

===== PAGE 27 =====
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 025
REVIEW OF
OPERATIONS
in Chengdu, the PRC (the “New Plant”) to greet the needs, the 
New Plant in Chengdu commenced its production since 2022, 
and climbs up to more than 5 times its production in 2023 which 
further strengthens the production and supply capacity of the 
Group. During the year, the Group recorded an increased result 
in both sales quantity and revenue.
NEV has become an unstoppable trend in the automotive 
industry, the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers 
(“CAAM”) anticipates the overall sales volume of NEV from the 
PRC automotive manufacturers will maintain strong growth and 
will be increased by approximately 21% in 2024. During the year, 
the Group has successfully increased its revenue in various TFT 
and touch panel display modules. In addition, the Group 
cooperated with one of the major automotive manufacturers to 
introduce a 45 inches automotive display for its new NEV’s 
flagship and received positive feedback from market, it is 
important for the Group to grasp the market demand of larger-
size automotive display. We have penetrated major players in the 
NEV and are awarded projects in the upcoming car models which 
will benefit our business in future years. For display system 
related projects, the Group has been promoting our solutions to 
NEV and achieved positive results. The Group has also achieved 
further breakthrough in the provision of panel and system 
solution and has sold our system products to certain NEV 
customers.
REVENUE BY DELIVERY LOCATION
THE PRC
During the year under review, based on the delivery location, the 
PRC generated revenue of HK$7,913 million, representing an 
increase of approximately 6% as compared with that in 2022. 
Approximately 74% of the Group’s total revenue was delivered to 
this region. Revenue from automotive display business remained 
a major part of and the rest was mainly derived from educational 
and industrial sector.
During the year under review, the economy of the PRC was 
recovering from the COVID-19 pandemic. The global economic 
downturn has prompted the PRC’s New Electric Vehicle (“NEV”) 
market entered into a competitive landscape of price 
adjustments. Price adjustments, more new and advanced 
products, and vigorous promotion by leading NEV manufacturers 
have made NEV more popular.
As a supplier of NEV manufacturers, the Group works with our 
NEV business partners to empower their growth and remain 
competitive. With the immense business opportunities brought 
by the growth of demand of NEV and the demand for larger and 
more advanced display and the sustainable renewal of 
automotive, we have prepared the new Thin Film Transistor 
(“TFT”) and touch panel display modules manufacturing facilities 


===== PAGE 28 =====
REVIEW OF
OPERATIONS
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
026
EUROPE
During the year under review, revenue of HK$1,412 million was 
generated from the display business in Europe in terms of 
delivery location, which represented a decrease of approximately 
12% as compared with 2022. The European region contributed 
approximately 13% of the total revenue, in terms of delivery 
location, for the Group in the year under review.
The decrease was hindered by geopolitical conflict, inflation, 
energy crisis, downturn of global economy, and increase of 
interest rate.
Under the changing market environment, our sales team in 
Europe has been working diligently to capture the business 
opportunities emerged from new demand, such as cyber 
security, privacy, safety and sustainability, and putting effort to 
maintain strong relationship with our customers. During the year, 
the Group optimized features of our system products, and 
successfully won orders about cyber security and virtual screens. 
The Group will keep endeavour to explore the potential market of 
system business.
During the year, the Group also explored business opportunities 
from high potential industrial customers in Europe, and 
successfully won orders and opportunities from new energy 
transportation and aviation industry.
AMERICA
Under the year under review, America generated revenue of 
HK$728 million in terms of delivery location, contributing 
approximately 7% to the total revenue of the Group. The revenue 
has increased by approximately 7% as compared with that of last 
year.
The increase was mainly contributed by our effort in getting 
orders of TFT displays modules from several automotive 
customers in previous years and start of delivery in 2023. The 
Group has been promoting our TFT display modules in America 
for both automotive and industrial customers to address the shift 
of customers’ preference from monochrome display to colour 
The 6B phase of the “Limits and measurement methods for 
emissions from light duty vehicles (CHINA 6)” policy was effective 
on 1 July 2023. The policy sets stricter standards for emission of 
light-duty vehicles. We believe the more stringent emission 
regulations will reduce the attractiveness of traditional vehicles 
and induce more consumers to NEV. The Group has prepared 
sufficient production capacity to meet the potential substantial 
market needs in the market.
The “Motor Vehicles-Devices for indirect vision-Requirement of 
performance and installation” policy was effective on 1 July 2023, 
our affiliated company has prepared its products ready to be 
launched and to meet the potential substantial market need in 
the market.
The PRC government plans to strengthen and expand the NEV 
charging network to villages and to highways between cities, 
which we believe the demand of NEV will be boosted and 
eventually contribute to our revenue.
As there is a keen competition and new PRC automotive 
manufacturers will enter into the market in 2024, it will be more 
challenging for the leading PRC automotive manufacturers to 
maintain significant growth rate in the PRC market. To achieve 
breakthrough in the growth rate, overseas markets will be a 
critical option for the leading PRC automotive manufacturers. 
Thought facing certain challenges such as insufficient NEV 
charging network, immature distribution channel for PRC NEV 
manufacturers and low branding loyalty, the PRC automotive 
manufactures have improved much in cost performance ratio, 
product uniqueness, product design and product quality, and are 
becoming more welcomed by overseas customers, the PRC NEV 
manufacturers have increased their footprints across the globe 
with higher global sales. The CAAM anticipates the export volume 
of vehicles by the PRC automotive manufacturers will be 
increased by over 10% in 2024, indicating a huge opportunity for 
orders from overseas. With strong customer relationship and 
excellent product quality, the Group believes the orders from 
overseas regions will have notable growth.

===== PAGE 29 =====
REVIEW OF
OPERATIONS
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 027
The decrease was hindered by inflation and downturn of global 
economy which decreased the sales orders from our customers.
Leveraging the long experience for serving leading automotive 
customers and the strong relationship obtained, the Group 
continued to maintain contractual relationships with leading 
automotive manufacturers in both TFT display and monochrome 
display modules.
The Group also endeavour to promote our new oxide display 
modules and system solutions to our current and potential 
customers and believe the potential growth. In additional, our 
new office in Nagoya will commerce operation in 2024 and it will 
bring us more sales opportunities.
REVENUE BY LOCATION OF SOURCING 
DECISION OF CUSTOMERS
The Group has put utmost effort to catch up the global market 
and has been successful in obtaining contracts from international 
customers. To provide a comprehensive understanding of the 
Group’s revenue structure, on top of revenue by delivery 
location, the Group also demonstrate our revenue by location of 
sourcing decision of customers.
The Group manages its customers by the geographical locations 
of their sourcing decision centre. The sourcing decision centre of 
our multi-national customers will make important decisions 
including suppliers’ selection for their new projects. The Group 
will follow the place of customers’ sourcing decision centre to 
allocate resources and set up the related sales teams to develop 
marketing strategies and negotiate and conclude new projects 
with the sourcing decision centre of our multi-national 
customers.
display and the end-of-life of monochrome display projects, 
especially in the industrial sectors. The Group has been putting 
utmost effort to explore the opportunity to apply our display 
modules in different types of vehicles for the digitalization of 
data, and obtained positive result. The Group has also been 
striving to grasp the NEV trend to promote our products to 
existing customers and new customers. We closely communicate 
and maintain strong relationship with our customers, and will set 
up local sales team in the middle America to further enhance our 
reaction to customers’ needs and empowers the Group to 
promptly understand and response to customer’s technical 
requirements, and to shorten the time of obtaining the orders.
KOREA
During the year, revenue generated from Korea in terms of 
delivery location was HK$305 million, representing a decrease of 
approximately 23% from that of last year. Korea accounted for 
approximately 3% of the Group’s revenue in terms of delivery 
location.
Revenue from Korea was mainly derived from automotive display 
business. The decrease in revenue during the year was mainly 
due to the ramp-down of orders from automotive touch panel 
display modules.
Korea will be an important to the Group and we are putting 
utmost effort to obtain orders from leading Tier-1 manufacturers.
JAPAN
During the year, revenue generated from Japan in terms of 
delivery location was HK$69 million, representing a decrease of 
approximately 57% from that of last year. Japan accounted for 
approximately 1% of the Group’s revenue in terms of delivery 
location.

===== PAGE 30 =====
REVIEW OF
OPERATIONS
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
028
Based on the Group’s unaudited information, our revenue by location of sourcing decision of customers is distributed as below:
2023 2022
HK$’000 % HK$’000 %
The PRC 6,486,765 60% 5,887,093 55%
Europe & America 2,773,716 26% 2,885,240 27%
Japan 763,903 7% 965,875 9%
Korea 221,200 2% 331,910 3%
Others 514,832 5% 652,243 6%
     
4,273,651 40% 4,835,268 45%
     
Consolidated revenue 10,760,416 100% 10,722,361 100%
     
During the year under review, the Group’s display module business has a balanced overseas and local customers portfolio, 
demonstrating a diversified revenue sources. Meanwhile those new products businesses such as system business are mainly with 
customers that carry sourcing decision domestically, and results in an overall allocation as illustrated. We are facing emerging 
opportunities from overseas and believe more balanced mix for those new products businesses in future.

===== PAGE 31 =====
REVIEW OF
OPERATIONS
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited 029

===== PAGE 32 =====
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
030
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL  
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
The Group began incorporating its Environmental, 
Social and Governance (ESG) Report into its Annual 
Report from 2014. The ESG Report was prepared 
for the period from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 
2023 and has been compiled in accordance with 
the Environmental, Social and Governance 
Reporting Guide (the “Guide”) requirements as set 
out in Appendix C2 of the Rules Governing (“the 
Listing Rules”) the Listing of Securities on the Stock 
Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock 
Exchange”). The covered scopes and contents are 
in compliance with the disclosure obligations under 
the “Comply or Explain” provisions in the Guide. 
During the year, the Company participated and 
kept updating the climate change section in the 
CDP (Disclosure Insight Action). To strengthen our 
climate-related disclosures, we also consider 
following the recommendations of the Task Force 
on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). 
Unless otherwise stated, the ESG Report covers 
operations in the PRC (including Heyuan and 
Chengdu) and Hong Kong, which together 
represent the core operations of the Group.

===== PAGE 33 =====
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 031
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
sustainable development report and increase internal attention 
to sustainable development, the report is prepared with the 
engagement of the functional departments and ESG risk 
management team and subject to the final approval by the Board 
before official release.
The Group’s corresponding internal resources are also 
increasingly important in supporting sustainable development 
work. In 2023, we enhanced the environmental and social 
indicators reporting system, ensured the authenticity, integrity 
and accuracy of information disclosure through multiple 
reporting, reviewing, collating, feedback, iteration, testing and 
training, which laid a solid foundation for the overall 
improvement of the Group’s management ability.
The evaluation results of the Group’s material issues, its 
management and practices on the above works and other ESG 
issues, as disclosed in detail in this Report, were reported by the 
Board in 2023.
As its strategic upgrading advances, the Group’s sustainability 
management has been gradually integrated into the multi-
dimensional, systemic professional management of business 
operations. In response to the increasingly stringent non-financial 
information disclosure requirements, sustainability management 
has been given much attention by the Board and the Group’s 
management. The updates on related matters are required to be 
reported at board meetings, and the Group’s ESG management 
and sustainable development reports must be approved by the 
Board. In order to ensure the accuracy of the Group’s annual 
ESG STATEMENT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Board of Directors of the Company has authorised the functional departments and ESG risk management team to take charge of 
the overall supervision of ESG management and hold ESG communication meetings no less than twice a year. We are responsible for 
developing the Company’s ESG strategy and regularly reviewing its implementation; identifying and evaluating ESG risks and 
developing response plans; reviewing ESG management policies to ensure that they are consistently implemented and put into 
practice; reviewing ESG plans and goals and periodically reviewing the achievement of ESG goals; reviewing ESG performance, and 
ultimately coordinating, implementing and executing such plans and goals.
In view of the external social and economic environment and the Group’s internal development strategy, the Board will continue to 
pay attention to the sustainable development trends at home and abroad, strengthen the assessment of ESG material issues, discuss 
and determine the risks and opportunities of the Company in the aspects of environment, society and governance, and take the 
management and improvement of key issues as the key work of sustainable development.
In 2023, the Board focused on reviewing the following key activities and progress:
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE While consolidating the operation and management system and adhering 
to the bottom line of compliance, the Group steadily advanced the 
implementation of its sustainable development strategy and regulated 
and promoted ESG-related activities to improve management standards 
and reduce operational risks.
  
PRODUCTS To provide customers with better products using a user-oriented 
approach, resulting in a significant improvement in customer satisfaction.
  
CLIMATE CHANGE AND CARBON NEUTRALITY The Company undertook the goal of “achieving carbon neutrality by 
2050”, and formulated a roadmap, phased goals and coping strategies for 
carbon neutrality.
  
UNDERTAKING SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY The Company focused on urban revitalization to create social value, and 
put social responsibility into practice.

===== PAGE 34 =====
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
032
Under the Board’s delegation, the functional departments and 
ESG risk management team oversee the Group’s sustainability 
performance, and ensures that sustainability considerations are 
incorporated into our decision-making process across all 
business units. They regularly report to the Board about their 
evaluation of the Group’s sustainability strategies, targets and 
performance. They would collect and analyze environmental and 
social performance indicators to recommend appropriate 
improvement measures to enhance the Company’s sustainability 
performance. We convene trainings regularly and arranged a 
training on the 2023 new regulations in June 2023 which includes 
but is not limited to providing auditor training, new standard 
training and, specific work consultation at the work execution 
level and system level. The Board takes ESG issues seriously to 
ensure the top management of each function monitors its own 
area of responsibility, always seek improvements and is 
committed to rolling out development plans with stakeholders’ 
interests a primary concern.
All opinions on the ESG Report are highly valued. If there is any 
enquiry or suggestion, please send an email to: Investor@boevx.com .
We understand the importance of ESG to the Company and its 
stakeholders in the capital market. It has established and 
gradually improved its ESG governance and management 
mechanisms to promote the integration of ESG into the 
Company’s operations and management. We believe this 
integration will ultimately lead to long-term stable environmental, 
social and corporate values.
The Board has overall responsibility for the ESG strategy and 
reporting. The Board considers sustainability issues as being an 
integral part of its overall strategy, and each key sustainability 
risk and opportunity that has been identified is suitably evaluated, 
tracked, and proactively managed. The Board has been closely 
overseeing the ESG issues and the Group’s initiative to make 
continuing ongoing improvements and to formulate an effective 
reporting mechanism. BOEVx’s ESG risk management and 
reporting mechanism takes into consideration operational 
management and relevant stakeholders. Assessment of ESG 
status and progress are conducted on an ongoing basis.
The content of the ESG Report has followed the reporting principles in relation to “materiality”, “quantitative”, “consistency” and 
“balance” under the Guide, the application of which is as follows:
Reporting Principle Application in the ESG Report
Materiality
We have identified and disclosed in the ESG Report the process of and the criteria for the selection 
of material ESG topics. We have also identified and disclosed significant stakeholders, the process 
and results of their participation in the ESG Report.
  
Quantitative
We have disclosed the data on the standards, methodologies, assumptions and/or calculation tools 
used to report environmental key performance indicators (KPIs), and the sources of the conversion 
factors used.
  
Balance The ESG Report reflects both positive and negative ESG information reasonably and objectively.
  
Consistency We use standardized ways and methods to collect and calculate data. We state changes in methods 
or related factors in the ESG Report to allow meaningful comparisons.
  

===== PAGE 35 =====
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 033
In 2023, the Company continued to standardize its ESG 
governance and management process, with a specific focus on 
the process of determining material ESG issues. Based on the 
external socio-economic environment and the Company’s 
development strategy, we optimize our communication and 
involved key stakeholders to identify, evaluate and manage 
important ESG matters. The Company attaches importance to 
ESG disclosure-related work, and the Board oversees the 
preparation process of the ESG report and reviews and approves 
the annual ESG report to ensure the veracity and effectiveness of 
information disclosure. The Company formulates performance 
targets including environmental and social targets, which will be 
reviewed and followed up by the Board.
The Group studied the sustainable development management 
strategy and set up the net-zero emissions by 2050 as the 
strategic goal, and commenced the research on carbon neutrality 
roadmap and strategy to formulate plans for the path to carbon 
emission reduction. The Company measured the carbon footprint 
within the Group’s operational control, assessed the feasibility of 
our emission reduction targets, and developed emission 
reduction strategies which are (among others) the Company’s 
vigorous promotion of energy conservation and emission 
reduction: improving the carbon emission audit system; carrying 
out energy conservation and emission reduction projects 
actively; strengthening the reasonable use of green energy, 
building plant rooftop photovoltaic power generation projects 
and etc. The carbon emission is reduced by 2,812.7014 CO
2e 
tonnes in 2023. We will also regularly review the carbon emission 
reduction pathway and related goals based on changes in 
environmental trends and corporate business development.
The ESG Risk Management Team consists of top management from operations and finance, and communicates regularly to ensure 
ESG risks are properly managed.
ESG Risk Management and Reporting Mechanism
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Recognising and prioritising stakeholders’ need and expectations 
in relation to ESG, and formulating strategic plan accordingly.
KEY STAKEHOLDER
Shareholders/Investors, regulators,
customers, suppliers, community and employees
FUNCTIONAL DEPARTMENTS
Designing, implementing and monitoring risk
management and internal control systems in
relation to ESG, taking into account the Board’s
ESG priority.
ESG RISK MANAGEMENT TEAM
Monitoring to ensure effective implementation
of ESG strategic plan, and regularly reviewing
stakeholders’ expectation on ESG matters.

===== PAGE 36 =====
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
034
ENGAGING STAKEHOLDERS
The Group communicates regularly with stakeholders through various channels in order to understand their different expectations and 
the possible impacts to them of its sustainable development activities.
Stakeholders Communication channels Channels content
Shareholders/ 
Investors
 General meetings and notices
 Annual/interim reports, financial statements and 
announcements
 Direct communications
 Corporate website
 Investor briefings
 Business sustainability
 Financial performance
 Corporate transparency
 Corporate social responsibility
   
Regulators
 Meetings
 Compliance reporting
 Compliance with laws and 
regulations
   
Customers
 Direct communication via frontline staff
 Customer audits and factory visits
 Corporate website
 Quality products and services, and 
delivery arrangements
 Technological developments
 Product responsibility
 Factory and labour conditions
   
Suppliers
 Direct communication and meetings
 Site visits and reviews
 Vendor acceptance and management processes
 Questionnaire
 Sustainable procurement
 RoHS considerations
 Corporate reputation
 Industry experience and expertise
   
Community
 Involvement in and meeting with various 
communities through social services and sports 
activities
 Cooperation with local universities and NGOs
 Improvement of community 
environment and culture
 Support for public welfare activities
   
Employees
 Training and development
 Regular performance appraisals
 Newsletters
 Work-life balance activities
 Policy communication
 Communication with labour union
 Health and safety
 Remuneration and welfare
 Career development
 Integrity and business conduct
   

===== PAGE 37 =====
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 035
GOVERNANCE
RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
The Group places a high priority on risk management and internal 
control. The Group’s risk governance structure is based on a 
“Three Lines Model”, with oversight and directions from the 
Board and the Audit Committee.
MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT
The issues that matter most to the Group’s business and its 
stakeholders are identified and presented in the materiality 
matrix above. The Group places comparatively higher emphasis 
on ESG matters relating to the environment, employee safety and 
supply chain management as these are external stakeholders’ 
top concerns, weighted against the risks and opportunities they 
present to the Group. Whilst higher priority is given to these 
areas, other ESG aspects are also monitored on an ongoing basis 
and are included in the ESG report to enhance corporate 
transparency.
MATERIALITY MATRIX
During the year, the Group has evaluated a number of environmental, social and operation related issues, and assessed their 
importance to the Group and its stakeholders. This assessment helps to ensure the Group’s business development is in line with the 
expectations and requirements of its stakeholders. The materiality assessment result is shown below:
Issues of high importance Issues of moderate importance Issues of general
Recruitment and promotion
Benefits and welfare
Health and safety
Development and training
Air emissions
Greenhouse gas emissions
Use of resources (electricity and 
water consumption)
Environment and natural resources
Quality assurance
Intellectual property rights
Whistle-blowing procedures
Hazardous wastes produced
Climate change
Anti-corruption
Consumer data protection and 
privacy policies
Supply chain management
Product responsibility
Compensation and dismissal
Equal opportunity
Anti-discrimination
Preventing child and forced labour
Diversity
Community investment
Resources contributed
Non-hazardous wastes produced
Social Environmental Operation

===== PAGE 38 =====
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
036
The Board holds the responsibility of overseeing the development 
of appropriate policies and devising strategies, ensuring that the 
effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal 
control system undergoes regular review. The relevant 
responsibilities are managed by the Audit Committee and reports 
to the Board on a regular basis. The Internal Audit Department 
and the Risk Management Committee are established, and are 
responsible for identifying and mitigating the risks in all areas, 
including financial, operational and compliance control.
As the first line, individual business units identify their operational 
risk and develop respective controls. Professional functional units 
(such as finance, legal and etc.) serve as the second line and 
provide risk prevention support to the first line. As the third line, 
the Internal Audit Department conducts regular audit to ensure 
that the Group’s risk management and internal control systems 
are appropriate and effective.
GOVERNANCE
The Group is committed to maintaining the highest standards of 
integrity and ethical conduct in all our business dealings. The 
Group has a zero-tolerance policy towards corruption, and takes 
active steps to prevent and detect any corrupt practices.
The Group strictly abides by the law and regulations of Hong 
Kong, the PRC and other jurisdiction that we have business 
relationship. The Group formulated the “Code of Conduct”, “Anti-
corruption Policy” and other policies to stipulate the guidelines 
on anti-bribery, anti-corruption, conflict of interest and other 
contents. These policies are regularly reviewed and updated to 
ensure that they remain effective in preventing corrupt practices. 
The Group also provides regular training to the employees on 
these policies and on the importance of ethical behavior.
Whistle-blowing channel is in place for reporting any suspected 
instances of corruption. This system is designed to protect 
whistleblowers and ensure that any allegations are investigated 
thoroughly and impartially. The Group believes that our 
commitment to anti-corruption is essential for building trust with 
our stakeholders and maintaining our reputation as a responsible 
corporate citizen.
Board
Audit Committee
Third Line – Internal Audit
Second Line – Risk Management Function
First Line – Business Units

===== PAGE 39 =====
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 037
ENVIRONMENT
Over years, the Group has developed streamlined operating 
processes and energy-efficient hardware to lessen energy and 
water utilisation, improved the use of resources and investigated 
new means for environmental preservation.
As a manufacturing company, the Group’s management is 
always aware of the importance of sustainable development and 
environmental protection. The Group’s policy on emissions and 
waste is fully complied with the requirements of the emission 
standard in 《水污染物排放限值》(DB44/26-2001), 《大氣污染物
排放限值》(DB44/27-2001) and other relevant requirements and 
standards.
The Group has been accredited with ISO 14001 since 2005. Under 
this accreditation, the Group resolves to comply with 
environmental laws, regulations and other applicable 
requirements, and to reduce or eliminate pollution while 
minimising any impact on the environment.
CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
The Group takes a precise approach to all transactions with our 
connected party, ensuring that all transactions are conducted in 
compliance with the Listing Rules. All connected party 
transactions are subject to a rigorous review process, ensuring 
that the terms of transactions are fair and reasonable, and the 
transactions are conducted on normal commercial terms or 
better and in the ordinary and usual course of business. The 
Group strictly complies with all applicable provisions under the 
Listing Rules to ensure that all transactions are disclosed and/or 
approved by shareholders in a timely and transparent manner as 
required.
A robust internal control measures are in place to ensure that 
the interests of shareholders as a whole are taken into account. 
Regular checking on the transactions would be conducted to 
assess whether the terms of transactions are followed, and 
regular monitoring on the actual transaction amount would be 
performed to ensure that the annual caps are not exceeded. By 
being rigorous and rule-complying about the connected party 
transactions, the Group can demonstrate the commitment to 
ethical conduct and good governance.
IATF16949 ISO9001 ISO 14001 ISO45001:2018 QC080000 ESD S20.20 ISO14064 / 14067
2023 Q4
ISO45001:2018
(HSMS)
QC080000
(HSPMS)
ISO14001
(EMS)
IATF 16949
ISO 9001
(QMS)
ECO
Health and Safety Continuous Improvement
Hazardous Substance 
Process Management

===== PAGE 40 =====
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
038
energy. The goal is to create the world’s most competitive and 
sustainable automotive module display base. The emission and 
waste treatment policies of Chengdu plant fully comply with 《電
子工業水污染物排放標準》  “Discharge standard of water 
pollutants for electronic industry” (GB39731-2020), 《污水綜合排
放標準》”Integrated Wastewater Discharge Standards” (GB8978-
1996), 《 四 川 省 固 定 污 染 源 大 氣 揮 發 性 有 機 物 排 放 標
準》”Sichuan Emission Control Standard for Volatile Organic 
Compounds” (DB51/2377-2017), 《成都市鍋爐大氣污染物排放標
準》”Emission standard of air pollutants for boilers in Chengdu” 
(DB51/2672-2020) and other relevant regulations.
The manufacturing facilities in Heyuan and Chengdu are required 
to undergo stringent environmental audit and continuous 
monitoring, in order to protect the natural resources in the region 
and also to comply with all relevant local environmental laws and 
regulations.
In January 2022, the Group made the investment in the 
automotive display module manufacturing project in Chengdu 
through Chengdu BOE Automotive Display Technology Co., Ltd. 
by expanding the Group’s existing TFT and touch panel display 
module manufacturing facilities in the PRC. The total land area is 
approximately 151,000 m
2. Module assembly and optical bonding 
lines were constructed in the plant as part of the manufacturing 
facilities of the Group. Chengdu plant commenced mass 
production in October 2022 and completed environmental 
protection acceptance in February 2023. In June 2023, it obtained 
ISO 14001:2015 environmental management system certification.
From construction to operation, Chengdu plant has always 
adhered to the concept of green and low-carbon development. It 
has been designed, constructed and operated based on the “Five 
Transformations” principles of intensive land use, harmless raw 
materials, clean production, waste recycling, and low-carbon 
Emission and Waste Performance
Heyuan Plant Chengdu Plant
2023 2022 2023 2022
Waste
Total 
tonnes
Tonnes/
Revenue
(HK$1,000 
million)
Total 
tonnes
Tonnes/
Revenue
(HK$1,000 
million)
Total 
tonnes
Tonnes/
Revenue
(HK$1,000 
million)
Total 
tonnes
Tonnes/
Revenue
(HK$1,000 
million)
Air
HCL 0.147 0.01 0.14 0.01 N/A* N/A – –
Particulates <0.0070 0.0007 <0.0070 0.0007 0.004 0.00 – –
SO2 <0.050 0.0046 0.050 0.0047 0.0013 0.0001 – –
NOx <0.01 0.001 0.01 0.001 0.024 0.0022 – –
Greenhouse Gas Total 
 (Direct CO2e emissions and  
 Indirect CO2e emissions)
54,726.43
CO2e tonnes
5,086.10 60,154.81
CO2e tonnes
5,610.41 18,483.92
CO2e tonnes
1,717.84 – –
Direct CO2e emissions 7,762.38
Mg CO2e/
piece
721.4108 1,635.35
Mg CO2e/
piece
152.5228 34,652.42
Mg CO2e/
piece
3,220.4851 – –
Indirect CO2e emissions 0.9389
Kg CO2e/
piece
0.0873 0.9370
Kg CO2e/
piece
0.0874 1.8100
Kg CO2e/
piece
0.1682 – –
Intensity (Direct CO2e  
 emissions and Indirect  
 CO2e emissions) per unit  
 of production volume
0.9466
Kg CO2e/
piece
0.0880 0.9387
Kg CO2e/
piece
0.0875 1.8400
Kg CO2e/
piece
0.1710 – –
Fumes 0.012 0.0011 0.036 0.0034 0.025 0.0023 – –
Non-methane total  
 hydrocarbon
1.060 0.0985 1.115 0.1 0.121 0.0112 – –
Water
Wastewater 694,554 64,550 863,197 80,507 100,369 9,328 – –
Solid
Solid Waste Hazardous 78.55 7.30 99.18 9.25 48.48 4.51 – –
Solid Waste Non-hazardous 881.35 81.91 884.71 82.51 352.09 32.72 30.47 2.84
Note*: Since there is no etching process in Chengdu plant, there is no hydrochloric acid discharge.

===== PAGE 41 =====
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 039
For Chengdu, the production plant is mainly engaged in 
automotive LCD module assembly and thus no notable emission 
is generated. The main sources of air emission are volatile 
organic compounds generated during the use of alcohol and 
adhesives at the module production line, particulates generated 
during the cutting process of LCD panels, and particulates, 
nitrogen oxides and sulphur dioxide generated during the 
operation of boilers in winter. In addition, the canteen kitchen 
emits oil fumes. The plant has implemented strict control 
measures for air emissions, including: the main equipment and 
workstations in the module workshop that generate volatile 
organic compounds are equipped with exhaust gas collection 
devices. The exhaust gas collection efficiency is greater than 
90%. The collected organic waste gas is purified through two 
stages of activated carbon adsorption to be emitted at a 
concentration far below the local emission limit in Sichuan 
Province (less than 10%); the particulates generated during the 
cutting process is purified by matching high-efficiency dust 
collectors and is locally discharged in clean workshops meeting 
the standards; the natural gas vacuum hot water boilers in the 
plant use low-nitrogen combustion technology, ensuring that the 
concentrations of various pollutants are below the emission 
limits for boilers in Chengdu; the canteen kitchen’s oil fumes are 
treated and discharged after meeting the standards through an 
oil fume purifier.
EMISSIONS
Air
For Heyuan, major emissions in the production plant are primarily 
collected at the exhaust vents of the production buildings and 
canteen kitchen of the plant. Hydrochloric acid and organic waste 
gas (non-methane total hydrocarbons) are the main emission 
created by the production process. It is used at the etching stage 
when producing LCD panels. The volatilised hydrochloric acid is 
drawn to the ventilation system in the production buildings, then 
transmitted to the neutralising machines on the rooftop and 
neutralised with alkali before being released to the air. In the 
cleaning process, cleaning alcohol, alcohol and other organic 
substances will be used, and the volatile organic waste gas will 
be transported to the centralized treatment facility on the roof of 
the production buildings through the exhaust pipe, and will be 
discharged up to the standard through the treatment method of 
water spraying and activated carbon adsorption. The wastewater 
in the process flows into the Company’s sewage treatment 
facilities, and the activated carbon is replaced regularly. The 
replaced waste activated carbon is regarded as hazardous waste 
and is passed to qualified recycling contractors for disposal. New 
disclosure of non-methane total hydrocarbon emissions was 
added in the 2022 annual report. Emissions in 2023 was reduced 
by 0.05 tons (5%) in 2023 compared with 2022.
Emissions such as particulates, nitrogen oxide, sulphur dioxide 
and oil fumes are collected from the exhaust vent at the canteen 
kitchen of Heyuan plant. These substances are mainly produced 
during the process of fuel combustion. Since December 2018, the 
kitchen of Heyuan plant has been using bio-alcohol oil as fuel and 
processing it through a new model of oil fume purifier for 
reducing emissions effectively.

===== PAGE 42 =====
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
040
For Chengdu, 2023 is the first year of operation. We completed 
the greenhouse gas emission verification of Scope 1 and Scope 2 
in January 2024. The data of Scope 3 is too complicated and we 
are still trying to collect and organize it. In 2023, the greenhouse 
gas emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2) of Chengdu plant amounted 
to approximately 18,483.92 tonnes, include the CO
2 equivalent 
direct greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1) accounted for 
approximately 347.64 tonnes. The main sources of emissions 
were from septic tanks, official vehicles and fire extinguishers; 
the CO
2 equivalent indirect greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 2) 
from the input of energy sources were approximately 18,136.28 
tonnes; there is currently no reliable data available for Scope 3 to 
calculate their emissions at this time.
In 2024, we will purchase 6 million kWh of green electricity to 
promote low-carbon energy, and will carry out the construction 
and certification of ISO 50001 energy management systems to 
promote energy conservation, consumption reduction and 
carbon reduction.
As a responsible enterprise, the Group is committed to reducing 
energy consumption, upholds the principle of “Green Operation” 
and strives to improve our environmental performance by 
implementing various measures and practices. It includes: video 
conferences are held where possible to avoid any unnecessary 
overseas business travels and direct flights are chosen for 
inevitable business travel; water taps with water efficiency labels 
are installed and dripping taps are fixed immediately to avoid the 
wastage of water resource; divide the office area into different 
light zones using independent lighting switches and adopt 
energy-efficient lighting regularly to increase the energy 
efficiency of lighting system; regular inspection, repair and 
maintenance are performed to ensure the efficiency of 
machineries and vehicles. The Group repairs and maintains the 
equipment and machines regularly and thoroughly from time to 
time in order to ensure the equipment and machines under a 
good condition for operation. The Group is dedicated to upgrade 
the equipment and machines and develops technological 
innovation to strive for breakthroughs in the area of clean energy 
and low carbon emission technology. The Guangdong 
Administration for Market Regulation announced the results 
notice of the energy measurement review of key energy-
consuming units in 2020. The Group’s energy management 
Greenhouse Gas
For Heyuan, our greenhouse gas emissions stem from burning 
clean oil at plant kitchens, use of purchased electricity and etc. 
The use of energy is the major contributor of both direct (Scope 1) 
and indirect (Scope 2) emissions in the Group. Direct emissions 
(Scope 1) come from the plant canteens. Since the plant canteens 
now use burning bio-alcohol oil as clean energy, it is no longer 
within the scope of direct carbon emissions. Electricity (Scope 2) 
for carbon emission is more noticeable in our operations.
Scope 1 emissions were mainly from burning clean oil at the 
canteen kitchen. For the total emissions of Scope 1, Heyuan plant 
currently uses bio-alcohol oil in its kitchen, which is not included 
in the calculation of greenhouse gas emissions. However, in 
2022, the statistics of greenhouse gas emissions of commercial 
vehicles are added. To reflect direct carbon dioxide emissions 
more accurately, in 2023, on the basis of the statistics in 2022, a 
new statistics of greenhouse gas emissions of factory air-
conditioning and refrigeration, fire extinguishing equipment filling, 
wastewater and septic tanks are added, the direct CO
2 equivalent 
emissions are approximately 448.75 tonnes, 343.95 tonnes more 
than in 2022. The annual production in 2023 was slightly reduced 
compared with 2022, so the CO
2 equivalent emissions of each 
product was increased by 374.66%. For Scope 2 energy indirect 
emissions, the CO 2 equivalent emissions mainly from purchased 
electricity were approximately 54,277.68 tonnes. The total 
greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2) were 
approximately 54,726.43 tonnes. We do not report Scope 3 
emissions because of the lack of complete and accurate data. At 
present, Heyuan plant is vigorously promoting automation 
equipment, resulting in an increase in electricity consumption. 
On 15 March 2022, the Ministry of Ecology and Environment 
adjusted the emission factor value of China’s national power grid 
to 0.5810 (2021: 0.5720), adjusted to 0.5703 in 2023.

===== PAGE 43 =====
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 041
Wastewater
Waste is unavoidable during the manufacturing and operation 
process, but the Group keeps a stringent control on the emission 
and ensures it is properly treated to minimise any negative 
impact to the environment.
For Heyuan, wastewater generated during the manufacturing 
process is treated in a large underground wastewater treatment 
facility with a daily maximum treatment capacity of 4,000 m
3. The 
current actual daily treatment is about 2,000 m 3. A computer 
software program recognised by the Heyuan Environmental 
Protection Bureau has been installed to provide the data on 
elements such as Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD) and the PH 
level at the discharge vent directly to the Bureau’s system. That 
means the wastewater discharge in the production plant is under 
continuous and timely monitoring by the Bureau. During the 
reporting period, there was no event or reported case of non-
compliance which significantly influenced the water source.
meets the regulatory requirements. The Water Affairs Bureau of 
Heyuan, Guangdong Province announced in 2020 that the 
Group’s enterprises are water-saving enterprises. Besides, the 
Group attaches great importance to the design and consumption 
of packaging of our products so as to reduce the usage of 
packaging materials.
Due to the adjustment of product structure and the reduction of 
wastewater-generating processes, wastewater discharge 
decreased by 19.5% compared with 2022, to approximately 
168,600 tons.
For Chengdu, the plant uses municipal tap water in its production 
and operation processes. The generated wastewater mainly 
includes domestic sewage, production line cleaning wastewater, 
reverse osmosis concentrated water, pure water preparation, 
backwashing and flushing wastewater, cooling tower drainage 
and etc. Since the plant does not discharge toxic or hazardous 
wastewater, an industrial wastewater treatment station has not 
been constructed. In order to reduce the impact on the 
environment, all discharged wastewater from the plant is 
discharged into the municipal sewage pipeline according to the 
requirements of environmental impact assessment documents 
During the operation period of the plants, it is required to 
measure the emissions of pollutants and fill in the monitoring 
report on a regular basis. The emission reduction measures of 
the PRC plant focused on reducing energy consumption.
Note*: Chengdu commences its production in October 2022 and is in the trial production stage only. While the electricity consumption, water consumption and 
CO2 emissions are more but the production is less, so per production output of electricity consumption, water consumption and emissions are more, and 
more than Heyuan’s as well.
0
300
900
1,200
600
2,100
1,500
1,800
2022* 2023
0
40
80
120
160
200
0
4
2
6
8
10
12
2022* 2023 2022* 2023
Heyuan Chengdu
Electricity (kWh / 1,000 unit)
Electricity Consumption per
Production Output
Heyuan Chengdu
Water (tonne / 1,000 unit)
Water Consumption per
Production Output
Heyuan Chengdu
CO2 (tonne / 1,000 unit)
Emissions per
Production Output
Electricity and Water Consumption, and Emissions
Year Year Year

===== PAGE 44 =====
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
042
Measures to Reduce Emissions and Waste
For Heyuan, by using automated production equipment where 
possible, we reduce the usage of rags dipped in chemical for the 
glass surface cleaning processing which can mitigate by at least 
3 tonnes (per annum) of hazardous waste. Besides, we strive to 
reuse and recycle by designating waste sorting areas and 
facilities for a wide range of recyclables. We maintain proper 
records of the recyclables collected and monitor our waste 
performance against waste recycling targets. All non-hazardous 
and non-recyclable wastes are collected by qualified waste 
recycling contractors. Besides, wastewater was also reduced to 
40mg/L of Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD) through Mixed 
Wastewater Treatment of domestic sewage and industrial 
wastewater, which is lower than the emission standard value of 
90mg/L. In 2017, an investment of HK$936,700 in the 
transformation of the water loop treatment system at the plant 
which was used to treat the waste water and recycling. It 
reduced the annual discharge of 6,000 tonnes of wastewater.
Through the introduction of automation equipment, the Company 
has added 4 new water washing lines in the patching process to 
clean the glass surface, replacing the previous manual cleaning 
with lint-free cloths, effectively reducing the emission of solid 
waste by about 1.5 tonnes.
For Chengdu, the plant is firmly committed to waste reduction, 
resource utilization and harmlessness. The plant has established 
standardized storage facilities for hazardous waste 
(approximately 700 m
2) and general solid waste (approximately 
1,300 m2), specifically for the collection and temporary storage of 
various types of solid waste, providing favorable conditions for 
achieving the “3R” (Reduce, Reuse, Recycle) of waste. Two sets 
of wastewater recycling systems have been constructed for the 
recycling cleaning wastewater and reverse osmosis concentrated 
water generated from the production line.
In August 2022, when the equipment of the first phase of the 
plant’s production line was moved in, a professional waste 
recycling vendor was introduced to classify and recycle the 
packaging materials generated from equipment unpacking, 
achieving resource circulation. After the operation, suppliers take 
measures such as recycling some packaging materials and 
promoting their reuse were implemented to reduce the 
and undergoes extensive treatment at the municipal sewage 
treatment plant. For the year 2023, the total amount of 
wastewater discharged was 100,369 m³, with an average of 
275 m³ per day.
Chengdu plant conduct wastewater monitoring at least once per 
quarter. All discharged pollutants meet the emission standards.
Solid Waste
For Heyuan, non-hazardous solid waste is usually produced 
during manufacturing and daily living. Used carton boxes, 
wooden packing cases and scrap glass are collected by qualified 
recycling contractors. Production plant staff are also encouraged 
to put rubbish into designated garbage containers. Such collected 
garbage is also collected by qualified recycling contractors. 
Hazardous waste from the production area consists primarily of 
materials used in the manufacturing process. Chemicals used 
during production are collected and treated in full compliance 
with local environmental regulations. The Group actively uses 
recyclable materials and is environmentally friendly, 12,272 
recyclable plastic boxes (approximately 17.37 tonnes) were used 
in 2023, resulting in a decrease in non-hazardous solid waste 
year by year. In 2023, there were 3.36 tonnes less than in 2022. 
Hazardous solid waste was 20.628 tonnes less in 2023 than in 
2022.
For Chengdu, the generated waste mainly includes hazardous 
waste, general industrial solid waste and household garbage in 
the operation process of the plant. Hazardous waste is handled 
by third-party incineration facilities with the qualification for 
hazardous waste management. General industrial waste is 
handled by resource recycling companies, and household 
garbage is collected and processed by the community’s 
environmental sanitation company. The collection, storage, 
treatment or disposal of all waste is carried out in accordance 
with legal requirements to achieve reduction, resource utilization, 
and harmless treatment.

===== PAGE 45 =====
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 043
generation of waste. For 2023, a total of 528,311 trays (blister 
boxes) made of PET material (approximately 71 tonnes) and 1,661 
cartons (approximately 1.25 tonnes) and were recycled and 
reused. Furthermore, efforts were made to promote the 
classification collection of discarded packaging materials for 
resource circulation. In the module production line, source 
separation was implemented to prevent general solid waste from 
being mixed into containers for hazardous waste collection, thus 
controlling the generation volume of hazardous waste. For 2023, 
64,502 m³ of wastewater was recycled and 64,502 m³ of 
wastewater will be reduced; in 2023, an air-conditioning 
condensate water recycling project was also implemented, 
saving approximately 14,000 m³ of tap water.
Hazardous waste storage facility 
(approximately 700 m2).
General solid waste storage facility 
(approximately 1,300 m2).

===== PAGE 46 =====
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
044
Use of Resources
As a manufacturing company, electricity and water are the 
resources most used during the course of operations. The 
management of the Group recognises the significance of energy 
conservation, and ongoing measures are in place to reduce the 
use of natural resources. The Group regularly reviews ways for 
the efficient use of resources and develops improvement plans, 
with the aim of further reducing consumption of these resources 
while maintaining effective operation of the production plant.
For Heyuan, according to the change of production orders, the 
utilities supply is adjusted for the energy saving; eliminate 
energy-consuming equipment and replace it with more energy-
saving equipment; add 243 new electric energy meters to 
monitor the power consumption in various regions, implement 
an electronic power management system, and strengthen energy 
management. Electricity consumption decreased by 7.53% in 
2023 compared with 2022, and water consumption decreased by 
3.66% in 2023 compared with 2022.
The Group considers the 2022 renewable energy use plan of the 
construction of distributed photovoltaic power generation and 
container-type electrochemical energy storage power stations 
(peak shaving and valley filling + new energy consumption) on 
the roof of the plant, with a building area of 5,150 m
2 and a land 
area of 5,150 m 2. It is operated in 2023. The total designed 
photovoltaic power generation capacity is 544.5 kWh, the total 
energy storage capacity is 7.456 Mwh, the annual power 
generation is expected to be about 559 Mwh and annual 
emission reduction is 324.8 tCO
2e. The investment in the project 
is RMB16.74 million. It effectively responds to the national policy 
of promoting carbon neutrality and carbon peaking, and also 
provides the Group with clean and pollution-free green energy.
The project has been officially launched in April 2023, and has 
been officially connected to the grid for power generation and 
put into operation in June 2023. As of 31 December 2023, the 
total power generation was 396,629.5 kWh, of which 253,072.5 
kWh was generated by the photovoltaic system at the new Plant 
1 (with a transformer ratio of 750/5 = 150) and 143,557 kWh was 
generated by the photovoltaic system at the new Plant 2 (with a 
transformer ratio of 500/5 = 100), resulting in a reduction of 
226.24 tCO
2e emissions. The Company’s power grid purchase: 
95,570,532 kWh; the proportion of renewable energy power 
generation: 0.42%.
Total power generation: New Plant 1 + New Plant 2 
= 253,072.5 kWh + 143,557 kWh = 396,629.5 kWh

===== PAGE 47 =====
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 045
Since its operation, Chengdu plant has actively promoted the use 
of renewable energy, reduced carbon emissions, paid close 
attention to the sustainable development of society, and fulfilled 
its corporate responsibilities for it. Among them, electricity is an 
important energy type for the plant. Chengdu plant plans to 
purchase 6 million kWh of green power in 2024, which will reduce 
CO
2 emissions by 3,421.8 tonnes and is expected to obtain 6,000 
green certificates.
At the same time, the Group strives to minimise any impact on 
the environment and save material costs by continuously 
reviewing the design for product packaging, with the aim of 
reducing packaging size. Despite this, as the Group’s products 
are glass LCD panels or modules, they must be protected with 
polyfoam trays during delivery and so the use of polyfoam trays 
is unavoidable.
In 2023, the quantities of carton boxes and polyfoam trays used 
for product storage and transportation in Heyuan were 1,628 
tonnes and 1,874 tonnes respectively. There is an increase of 
1.62% and 17.79% respectively as compared with 2022 and 2023. 
In 2023, the quantities of carton boxes and polyfoam trays used 
for product storage and transportation in Chengdu were 162 
tonnes and 1,915 tonnes respectively.
The power generation meter readings are as follows:
New 
Plant 1
New 
Plant 2
1,687.15 x 150 
 = 253,072.5 kWh  
(the transformer ratio: 
750/5 = 150)
1,435.57 x 100 
= 143,557 kWh 
(the transformer ratio: 
500/5 = 100)
For Chengdu, in October 2023, the Chengdu Municipal Bureau of 
Economy and Information Technology released Chengdu’s 
policies and measures to optimize energy structure and promote 
urban green and low-carbon development, and provide subsidies 
for new or renovated distributed photovoltaic projects, which will 
help the plant to develop low-carbon. To reduce energy 
consumption waste, the plant has been continuously 
implementing energy-saving measures and exploring energy-
saving opportunities in various systems. In 2023, 16 power-saving 
measures were completed, saving 1.371 million kWh, 
representing 4.19% of the electricity consumption of Chengdu 
plant in 2023. In 2023, 2 natural gas conservation measures were 
completed, saving 35,500 m
3 of gas, representing 26.28% of the 
annual gas consumption.

===== PAGE 48 =====
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
046
Below is a table outlining the energy consumption, water utilisation and packaging material used by the Group during the reporting 
period, as compared with the data recorded in the last 2 financial years.
Energy Consumption, Water Utilisation and Packaging Material Used
Hong Kong Office Heyuan Plant Chengdu Plant
2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2022
Total 
tonnes
Tonnes/
Revenue
(HK$1,000 
million)
Total 
tonnes
Tonnes/
Revenue
(HK$1,000 
million)
Total 
tonnes
Tonnes/
Revenue
(HK$1,000 
million)
Total 
tonnes
Tonnes/
Revenue
(HK$1,000 
million)
Total 
tonnes
Tonnes/
Revenue
(HK$1,000 
million)
Total 
tonnes
Tonnes/
Revenue
(HK$1,000 
million)
Electricity (kWh) 177,674 16,512 191,620 17,871 95,570,532 8,882,020 103,356,300 9,639,647 31,801,294 2,955,511 5,504,551 513,388
Water (Tonne) 116 11 128 12 1,229,765 114,290 1,276,549 119,059 176,352 16,390 50,454 4,706
Carton boxes (Tonne) – – – – 1,628 151 1,602 149 162 15 28 3
Polyfoam trays (Tonne) – – – – 1,874 174 1,591 148 1,915 178 38 4
Measures to Reduce Energy Consumption and 
Water Utilisation
The Group has implemented a number of facility enhancements, 
including but not limited to improve energy efficiency, water 
conservation and indoor environmental quality of the plant and 
optimise interaction with the local microclimate.
For Heyuan, it includes: to replace old equipment with large 
energy consumption into new equipment with variable frequency 
control and low energy consumption, such as old-fashioned 
central vacuum pumps and old-fashioned air-conditioning ice-
water mainframes, which can reduce electricity consumption by 
approximately 1,100,000kWh each year; long-term use of 
wastewater from the production process was collected and 
reused in the toilet flushing system, thus the amount of tap water 
is reduced; the transformation of the water loop treatment 
system at the Heyuan plant which was used to treat the waste 
water and recycling and reduced the annual discharge of 8,500 
tonnes of water utilization.
For Chengdu, the plant utilizes waste heat recovery technology, 
free cooling technology and high temperature difference 
technology to construct efficient heating and cooling systems, 
which enable the partial substitution of gas boilers for heating 
with waste heat recovery from air compressors and refrigeration 
machines. This results in an annual natural gas savings of 216,000 
Nm³ and a reduction of 467 tonnes of CO
2e greenhouse gas 
emissions. Furthermore, to conserve water resources, two sets 
of wastewater recycling systems were implemented in the plant 
during its construction in 2022. These systems recycle and reuse 
wastewater from cleaning products and trays in module 
production lines, and reverse osmosis concentrated water 
generated from pure water preparation. The production line 
cleaning wastewater recycling system has a designed treatment 
capacity of 30.5 m³/h and adopts a process of “bag filtration + 
activated carbon filtration + security filtration” to purify the water 
for pure water preparation. The reverse osmosis concentrated 
water recycling system has a designed treatment capacity of 15.7 
m³/h and utilizes a process of “security filtration + reverse 
osmosis” to purify the water for reuse in pure water preparation 
and toilet flushing. For 2023, a total of 64,502 m³ of wastewater 
was recycled, resulting in a daily water savings of 177 m³.

===== PAGE 49 =====
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 047
2023 Energy Saving Project of Heyuan Plant
Item Particular Energy saved 
(kWh/Year 2023)
1 Execution time 1 January 2023
T8 lamp changed to LED 
lamp
Converting T8 36W fluorescent lamps into 16W LED lamps workshop 
(a total of 150 lamps).
168
  
2
Execution time 1 March 2023
Warehouse Department 
shuts down some air 
conditioners
There are 10 air conditioners in the warehouse department. They 
used to be fully operational in spring, summer and autumn, but now 
7 units are used in summer and autumn and 3 units are used in 
spring. N1 warehouse stores 4 air conditioners, including 3 62.52kW 
units and 1 11kW unit. N2 warehouses have 6 units, including 3 
51.4kW units and 3 7.5kW units.
490,295
  
3
Execution time 1 April 2023
Energy-saving 
renovation of 
compressors in the 
plant
The compressed air supply on 4 floors of the entire LCM plant is 
supplied by 2 ordinary compressors without adjustment function 
(100P & 75P). The air supply requirements for the day and night shifts 
are different. In the energy-saving renovation, solenoid valves are 
installed on each layer of compressed air pipelines to control and 
adjust the supply areas for the day and night shifts. The conversion 
function is to turn on the 100P compressor during the day shift and 
the 75P compressor during the night shift.
59,535
  
4
Execution time 1 April 2023
Instantly improve 
power supply based on 
production needs
Workshop production changes immediately, and some compressors 
can be shut down reasonably to control costs while ensuring 
production needs.
1. In April, the first plant adjusted the output pressure of the smart 
automatic control system and shuts down 5 compressors with a 
compressor power of 150kW for a total of 6 days as planned.
2. In April, the second factory shut down 3 compressors for a total 
of 4 days, with a compressor power of 150kW.
3. In May, the first plant adjusted the output pressure of the smart 
automatic control system and shut down 5 compressors with a 
compressor power of 150kW for 4 days as planned.
4. In May, the second plant plans to shut down 5 compressors for 4 
days, with a compressor power of 150kW.
5. From June to December, the first plant adjusted the output 
pressure of the smart automatic control system and shut down 5 
compressors with a compressor power of 150kW for 2 days as 
planned.
6. From June to December, the second plant plans to shut down 5 
compressors for 2 days, with a compressor power of 150kW.
622,080
  
5
Execution time 1 June 2023
Photovoltaic power 
generation project.
Photovoltaic power generation panels are installed on the roofs of 
the plant and the canteen, and grid-connected power generation is 
provided to supply power to the plant. Use pure energy (photovoltaic 
power generation) to achieve energy saving and cost reduction.
396,629.5
  
6
Execution time 1 July 2023
Strictly control the 
operation of the ice 
water unit
Strictly control the input of air-conditioning ice-water units in the 
plant. The first and second plants each reduce the operation of 1 
ice-water machine, with a 270kW ice-water machine.
1,166,400
  

===== PAGE 50 =====
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
048
Item Particular Energy saved 
(kWh/Year 2023)
7 Execution time September to
December 2023
Energy-saving 
transformation of high-
energy-consuming UV 
mercury lamps in LCD 
liquid crystal sealing 
process (5 lines)
Use low-voltage (220v, 1.82kW) LED lights to replace 5 high-voltage 
(600v, 15kW + 220v, 2kW cooling air conditioning) mercury lamp lines 
in the LCD liquid crystal sealing process.
691,235
Total power:
3,426,342.5 kWh
Reduced CO2 emissions:
3,426,342.5 x 0.5703/1,000 1,954.0431 tCO2e
2023 Energy Saving Project of Chengdu Plant
Item Particular Energy saved 
(kWh/Year 2023)
1 Execution time 9 February 2023
Dryer valley electricity 
price regeneration
Adjust the operating sequence of the dryer and use the trough 
electricity price period from 23:00 at night to 7:00 the next day to 
regenerate the adsorbent, thereby saving electricity costs.
62,800
  
2 Execution time 31 January 2023
Fan Filter Unit (FFU) 
speed decrease
By continuing to reduce the FFU speed in the reserved area and 
testing the feasibility of shutting down some FFU, it is estimated that 
355,800 kWh of electricity can be saved in a year.
355,800
  
3 Execution time 15 January 2023
Boiler temperature 
setting
After adjusting the target temperature setting value of the boiler 
water, approximately 1,900 m³ of gas can be saved in a single day, 
accounting for approximately 45%.
About 
17,500 m3 
of natural gas
  
4 Execution time 1 February 2023
Cold machine full heat 
recovery
Improve the working conditions of the heat recovery mode of the 
chiller, increase the heat recovery efficiency, and ensure a stable 
supply of hot water without using the boiler.
About 
18,500 m3 
of natural gas
  
5 Execution time 1 January 2023
Substation air 
conditioning operation 
optimization
Under the condition that the temperature requirements of the 
substation are met, the substation air conditioner is turned off and 
the substation exhaust fan is turned on during the transition season.
197,200
  
6 Execution time 31 February 2023
Parallel unit operation
The Make-up Air Unit (MAU) on the first floor was switched from 1 
unit to 2 units. After testing, 2 units running at low frequency are 
more energy-saving than 1 unit running at high frequency.
37,000
  
7 Execution time 21 January 2023
Monthly inventory 
of power equipment 
adjustments
The operation mode of the air compressor was adjusted during 
production shutdown and monthly inventory, and the centrifuge was 
adjusted to screw machine operation to reduce standby energy 
consumption.
160,200
  

===== PAGE 51 =====
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 049
Item Particular Energy saved 
(kWh/Year 2023)
8 Execution time 1 February 2023
Equipment lighting 
energy saving
The internal lighting of the production line equipment is turned off 
after the maintenance is completed or when the internal production 
conditions are observed.
1,100
  
9 Execution time 10 March 2023
Lighting control
The lighting in the corridor is adjusted so that 3 lights are turned off 
and 1 light is turned on. Emergency lighting will be retained in the 
clean reserved area, and the illumination will be reduced after 
confirming that the production area and on-site personnel can meet 
the operating illumination level. Some lighting in the office area is 
turned off to ensure normal office illumination. The production line 
has a total of 3,339 lights, of which 1,695 have been shut down, with 
a shutdown rate of 51% and a daily energy saving of RMB397. There 
are a total of 1,018 lights in the office area, 266 of which are closed, 
with a shutdown rate of 26% and a daily energy saving of RMB31.6.
200,200
  
10 Execution time 31 May 2023
Lighting control
Module workshop upper mezzanine lighting optimization. On the 
premise of meeting the emergency lighting requirements, the upper 
mezzanine of M2 can extinguish 400 lamps, and it is estimated that 
the annual saving will be RMB1,760.
1,900
  
11 Execution time 31 May 2023
Refined management of 
temperature in power 
machine room
Correct and control the temperature according to the actual 
temperature difference between the test points in the computer 
room and the environment to reduce the load of cold and heat 
sources.
81,100
  
12 Execution time 3 July 2023
Cancel Make-up Air Unit 
(MAU) unit non-woven 
fabrics
Dust reduction and elimination of non-woven fabrics in MAU units 
save RMB9,000 per month.
67,900
  
13 Execution time 1 August 2023
Three units parallel 
operation mode
When the VEX system meets the terminal pressure, the parallel 
operation of 3 units can save 0.5 kW of electricity per hour compared 
to the parallel operation of 2 units.
1,100
  
14 Execution time 1 August 2023
Turn on demand
Turn on air conditioner on demand and cancel the scheduled power 
on and off function every day to avoid waste.
33,600
  
15 Execution time 1 August 2023
Optimize control logic
The air conditioning in the hall adopts automatic timing and 
temperature control to accurately control the execution time.
24,500
  
16 Execution time 1 August 2023
Optimize control logic
The cooling tower optimizes the control logic, adds the adding and 
subtracting machine prompt function, switches the equipment on 
and off as needed and adjusts the frequency in a timely manner.
17,400
  
17 Execution time 1 August 2023
Adjust the cooling 
machine outlet water 
temperature
Without affecting the operation of the production equipment, the 
medium-temperature chilled water supply temperature is adjusted 
according to terminal consumption and weather changes. The outlet 
water temperature of the chiller is adjusted from 15℃ to 15.5℃, 
which reduces the power consumption of the chiller, saves energy 
consumption.
14,200
  
18 Execution time Continue
Optimize control logic
1 set of spare EDI equipment will be deactivated in the pure water 
system and will be put into use after the demand of the production 
line meets the usage requirements. It is estimated that monthly 
energy cost savings will be RMB5,076.
114,900
  

===== PAGE 52 =====
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
050
Waste management is a vital aspect to the Group. To lower 
environmental impact caused by waste generation, the Group 
has abided by relevant laws and regulations, and strengthened 
its monitoring on the waste management where the consumption 
of electricity and water, recycling of wastewater and disposal of 
hazardous and non-hazardous solid waste can be monitored 
more efficiently.
Greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions are closely linked to climate-
related crises nowadays. To reduce corporate GHG emissions as 
well as to lower individual carbon footprint of its employees, the 
Group has put efforts in the encouragement of employees to take 
public transport during local and cross-border business travel, 
while high speed rail is used or video/telephone conference is 
held whenever possible to reduce or avoid any unnecessary 
overseas business travel, and encourage direct flights are chosen 
to reduce carbon emissions caused by inevitable business travel.
Total power:
Total natural gas: 1,370,900 kWh
35,500 m3
Reduced CO2 emissions:
1,370,900 x 0.5703/1,000 
+ 3.55 x 21.6434
858.6583 tCO2e
Climate Change
As an enterprise with social responsibility, the Group also 
recognises that climate change could create uncertainties in our 
business development. We assess how climate change could 
affect our business operations, and minimise the potential 
impacts on our sustainable growth. We are dedicated to reducing 
our electricity and water consumption, and emissions during 
operations as disclosed.
The main risks of climate change to the development of the 
business includes the market risk-increase in raw material costs. 
Our parts suppliers and their upstream suppliers may be subject 
to more stringent energy saving and emission reduction 
requirements, or be exposed to the risk of inclusion in the carbon 
emission market, carbon tax and other policy developments. If 
they face higher costs, these costs may be passed on to the 
Group. In order to manage the risks of climate change, we have 
carried out a series of actions to support the Group with climate 
change mitigation and adaptation, including but not limited to the 
plant construction photovoltaic power generation project, and 
will continue to deepen our innovation and iteration of green 
products and adhere to any sustainable development strategies 
in order to adapt to new green development trends within the 
market.

===== PAGE 53 =====
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 051
Others
Chengdu plant commenced construction in January 2022. The 
first-phase production line commenced mass production in 
October 2022, and the second-phase production line equipment 
was gradually moved in and put into trial production in 2023. 
Chengdu plant is and will be in the stage of increasing production 
lines and increasing production capacity for a long time to come. 
Indirect greenhouse gas emissions caused by electricity 
consumption will trend upward. We will use 2023 as the base 
year to reduce the intensity of greenhouse gas emissions and 
strive to control the rate of increase in greenhouse gas emissions 
through measures such as establishing a carbon management 
system, saving energy, increasing the proportion of renewable 
energy use, and improving production efficiency.
Chengdu plant has an energy management and control center, 
which uses automation, information and intelligent technologies 
to implement centralized dynamic monitoring and digital 
management of the plant’s energy purchase and storage, 
processing and conversion, transportation and distribution, end-
use links and energy measurement instruments. Energy 
efficiency analysis, management and assessment provide an 
integrated system for energy conservation and consumption 
reduction management and control of the plant.
Earth Hour, 25 March 2023
In line with our commitment to environmental sustainability, the 
Company and its employees actively participated in Earth Hour 
on 25 March 2023. By joining millions of individuals and 
organizations worldwide in turning off non-essential lights for one 
hour, the Company demonstrated its dedication to reducing 
energy consumption and promoting environmental awareness.
Hong Kong Green Day 2023
The Company aims to foster collective responsibility and 
encourage employee engagement in environmental initiatives. 
Employees of the Company were encouraged to show support to 
the Hong Kong Green Day on 5 June 2023 by wearing green attire 
on the day and throughout the month of June, and also by 
participating in Green Day campaigns that provide opportunities 
to actively participate in sustainable practices.
Chengdu Plant Energy Management 
Center Monitoring Interface Diagram

===== PAGE 54 =====
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
052
Areas Actions Taken
Governance: 
Governance measures to 
address climate-related risks 
and opportunities
Board’s Oversight and Management’s Role
 the Board plays a central role in climate governance. The ESG risk management provides  
support and oversees the climate-related issues and report the Board regularly.
 to formulate a climate change policy, guide our management approach to climate-related  
issues, and provide support and coordination for ESG issues.
  
Strategy:
Impacts of climate-related risks 
and opportunities on the 
Group’s businesses, strategies, 
and financial planning
Climate-related Risks and Opportunities
 the risks of extreme weather and earthquake caused by climate change as these can  
damage our plants and facilities. In the long term, prolonged extremely hot weather also 
poses health risks to workers.
 transitional risks, such as changing policies, potential increment in energy costs, and the 
need for green materials.
 an opportunity in the transition to a low-carbon economy, such as reduction in operating 
costs due to higher energy usage efficiency facilitated by technology advancement.
  
Risk Management:
The process of identifying, 
assessing and managing 
relevant climate-related risks
Climate Risk Assessment
 to assess the physical and transitional risks climate change may bring to the operation,  
and incorporate them into the sustainability strategy. Risk management and internal 
control system should consider ESG and climate-related issues.
  

===== PAGE 55 =====
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 053
Environmental Education
The Hong Kong headquarters and Heyuan production plant 
continue to adhere to the concept of “Green Office” as the theme 
in 2023. In the same year, the Hong Kong office participated in 
the “ESG Pledge” Scheme organized by The Chinese 
Manufacturers’ Association of Hong Kong and co-operated with 
Hong Kong Brand Development Council. The Scheme is aim at 
strengthening the concern of sustainable development. It 
encourages the business and public sectors to sign the pledge 
and implement the action plans to improve the ESG 
(Environmental, Social and Governance) performance, thus 
building a sustainable environment in future.
In recent years, in the “low-carbon” and green and low-carbon 
transformation of paper, electronic documents are used to 
reduce the use of paper, which can achieve real-time information 
replacement, fast time, high accuracy, and save maintenance 
costs. The electronic signature management system meets the 
data display requirements, reduces traditional paper, and is 
green and efficient. We advocate paperless office and checking 
before printing to avoid wasting paper; we also set double-sided 
printing and copying as the default, using both sides of the paper 
to reduce paper waste.
In the Hong Kong office, the consumption level of electricity is 
announced on a monthly basis, in order to enhance the 
awareness of energy saving among colleagues.
We have set clear targets for carbon 
emissions, energy consumption, 
consumption of water resource and 
waste as well as targets on green 
buildings.
To enhance our climate-related 
disclosures, we consider following 
recommendations of the Task Force on 
Climate-Related Financial Disclosures 
(TCFD), focusing on “Governance”, 
“Strategy”, “Risk Management” and 
“Metrics and Targets”.
We monitor the use of energy and 
resources, and performance in carbon 
emissions of the Group semi-annually 
and disclose the data on a yearly basis.
The Group undertakes to achieve 
“carbon neutrality” by 2050.
Metrics and
Target
Carbon
Emissions /
Energy
Consumption
Waste Water
Resources
Heyuan: To reduce carbon 
emissions/energy consumption 
intensity by 70% by 2025 (compared 
with the base year of 2018).
Chengdu: It is expected that carbon 
emissions/energy consumption 
intensity will reach their peak by 2028, 
and carbon emission intensity will be 
reduced by more than 40% (compared 
with the base year of 2023).
Heyuan: To reduce hazardous solid 
waste and non-hazardous solid waste 
intensities by at least 70% by 2025 
(compared with the base year of 2018).
Chengdu: To reduce hazardous solid 
waste and non-hazardous solid waste 
intensities by at least 20% by 2025 
(compared with the base year of 2023).
Heyuan: To reduce water 
consumption intensity by 80% by 
2025 (compared with the base year 
of 2018).
Chengdu: To reduce water 
consumption intensity by 5% by 
2025 (compared with the base year 
of 2023); to reduce water 
consumption intensity by 15% by 
2028.
(Chengdu plant only has modular 
technology and uses a single 
water-use process, and the plant has 
a high level of water-saving design, 
so there is little room for further 
water saving).

===== PAGE 56 =====
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
054
In 2023, the turnover rates for Hong Kong, the PRC and Overseas 
staff were 14.1%, 14.8% and 5.1% respectively.
During the year, there was no significant reported case of non-
compliance with the relevant laws and regulations in Hong Kong, 
the PRC and Overseas.
HEALTH AND SAFETY
The Group’s policy on health and safety is to comply fully with 
local government regulations, as stipulated in the law of 
prevention of occupational disease 《中華人民共和國職業病防
治》and fire prevention in the PRC 《中華人民共和國消防法》, 
and to maintain a healthy and safe working environment for all 
employees, including the plant and systems of work, and to 
provide such information, instruction, training and supervision as 
they need. The production plant in Heyuan and Chengdu has 
successfully renewed its ISO45001:2018 with Health and Safety 
accreditation. The accreditation test includes (but are not limited 
to) canteens and fire smoke (nitrogen oxides, sulphur dioxide, 
smoke and etc.), drinking water and workplace air (benzene, 
toluene, xylene, methylene chloride, dust, formaldehyde, 
isopropanol, n-hexane and etc.) and noise. According to the 
“Environmental Noise Emission Standard at the Boundary of 
Industrial Enterprises” (GB12348-2008), the measured value of 
the environmental noise at the plant boundary reaches the 
standard.
SOCIAL
EMPLOYMENT
The Group strictly observes the labour law in Hong Kong and the 
PRC. It is the policy of the Company to maintain a working 
environment that complies with the Race Discrimination 
Ordinance, Sex Discrimination Ordinance, Disability 
Discrimination Ordinance and the Family Status Discrimination 
Ordinance of the Ordinance and Code of Practice.
Diversity has been considered from a number of measurable 
aspects including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and 
educational background, ethnicity and disability. We make 
reasonable workplace adjustments (including during the hiring 
process) to ensure all individuals feel supported and are able to 
participate fully and reach their potential. If employees are 
disabled, we proactively seek to support them with appropriate 
training and workplace adjustments where possible and explore 
every opportunity to ensure their employment continues. During 
the year, we have employed 63 disabled employees. The Group 
provides remuneration, welfare and fringe benefits to employees 
comparable to the market standard. Remuneration, salary and 
bonus distribution are determined with reference to a 
performance-linked scale. When it comes to annual reviews, 
factors such as the Company’s financial performance, business 
prospects, individual performance, market rates and inflation rate 
are taken into consideration to decide the rate and scale.
GREEN WALK The Group advocates a healthy lifestyle to all employees. We 
organize health and wellness seminars as well as various 
sports activities for employees to participate in. The purpose of 
these activities is to achieve a balance between work and life 
and to encourage their continuous practice. The “Green Walk” 
competition, which lasted for 10 days, was held in April 2023, 
with a total of 1,180 employees from Hong Kong and China 
participating. Through this low-carbon walking initiative, 
participants formed 25 teams and competed against each 
other by accumulating their step counts over the 10-day event, 
aiming to promote a healthy lifestyle.

===== PAGE 57 =====
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 055
The Group understands that natural disasters and accidents are 
unavoidable, and our management aims to mitigate any damage 
during mishaps. An emergency and fire drill, and fire 
precautionary training are conducted once a year in the Hong 
Kong office and twice a year at the production plant. First-aid 
training is provided to staff and workers. Training in safe handling 
of chemicals is also conducted for related workers on the 
production floors. In the production plant, a patrolling team is 
responsible for carrying out audits regarding workplace 
efficiency, effectiveness, and safety measure.
For the past 3 years, including 2023, there is no work-related 
fatality in the Group and no injury case was reported among 
Hong Kong employees. The factory recorded 20 (2022: 19) injury 
cases with 569 (2022: 345) lost days due to work injuries. Every 
injury case underwent a detailed review and evaluation, with 
precautionary measures put in place to avoid a repeat 
occurrence. Extra training was conducted with the parties 
involved.
Safety skills competition

===== PAGE 58 =====
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
056
Workforce and Turnover Rate
2023 2022
Age Hong Kong PRC Overseas Hong Kong PRC Overseas
Male
18–45 45 3,176 27 46 2,108 22
46–65 39 172 15 37 105 16
Turnover rate 7.7% 15.2% 0% 8.4% 30.8% 11.1%
Female
18–45
26 3,136 11 30 2,860 11
46–65 12 521 3 14 476 6
Turnover rate 25.5% 14.5% 17.6% 29.5% 23.2% 0%
Employment Type
Staff 122 1,362 56 127 1,562 55
Workers 0 5,643 0 0 3,987 0
Full-time 121 7,005 56 126 5,549 55
Part-time 1 0 0 1 0 0
Development and Training
2023 2022
Total 
Training 
Hours
Total 
Participants
Total 
Headcounts
Average 
Training 
Hours per 
Staff 
Member
Total 
Training 
Hours
Total 
Participants
Total 
Headcounts
Average 
Training 
Hours per 
Staff 
Member
HK Staff
Male
808 88 54 15.0 1,131 84 47 23.3
Female 453 56 29 15.6 281 32 21 12.9
PRC Staff
Male
4,200 1,408 387 10.9 12,167 1,743 1,071 11.4
Female 4,429 1,561 355 12.5 5,464 765 486 11.2
PRC Workers
Male 5,638 1,844 1,287 4.4 10,907 3,175 1,397 7.8
Female 16,892 7,046 3,644 4.6 17,095 6,681 3,220 5.3
Total
Male 10,645 3,340 1,728 6.2 24,205 5,002 2,515 9.6
Female 21,773 8,663 4,028 5.4 22,840 7,478 3,727 6.1

===== PAGE 59 =====
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 057
Training Topics Total Training Hours
Professional development 11,217
Legislative training 3,712
Orientation training 6,804
Industry knowledge training 8,077
Sustainability and ESG development 1,980
Other trainings 628
Total 32,418
DEVELOPMENT AND TRAINING
The Group values its employees and is committed to providing an ideal workplace in which its staff members may grow and develop. 
At the same time, the Group promotes a staff engagement culture and aims to build an innovative, energetic and highly motivated 
workforce to meet with accelerating business development.
The Group’s policy is to ensure that all employees achieve personal growth in their 
careers, and training is therefore encouraged. This is usually held during working hours, 
so that employees need not sacrifice personal time for training. A flexible work pattern 
may be scheduled for Hong Kong staff members working in the production plant if they 
need to pursue further studies.
All new employees are required to undergo orientation training organised by the Human 
Resources department to better comprehend the Group’s core values, business goals, as 
well as code of conduct.
Training covers a wide range of topics including operational skills, craftsmanship, display 
technology, quality standards, environmental matters, health and safety and soft 
management skills. Senior managerial staff members are usually invited to be technical 
instructors. External coaches are employed for specific trainings on soft management 
skills.
In the same year, the Group also provided a training on fraud and anti-corruption for 
directors and employees to discourage any form of corruption. The training content 
included the impact of fraud on a company, fraud prevention and reporting, and related 
regulations and case studies. Participants included the directors, and more than 470 staff 
from Hong Kong, Heyuan and Chengdu. The relevant training materials are circulated in 
the Company’s public domain, so that the remaining staff could participate by reading the 
training materials to gain knowledge and updates of anti-corruption.
LABOUR STANDARDS
The Group complies with and observes the respective Labour 
Laws and Regulations in its operating countries. As a responsible 
employer, the following principles are strictly enforced:
 No child labour
 Ensure that wages comply with or exceed the minimum  
legal requirements of the country where employees are 
based
 Overtime practice is based on a voluntary pattern, no  
forced labour is allowed
 Respect for the opinions of general employees and the  
labour union

===== PAGE 60 =====
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
058
The Company bases on customer requirements and relevant 
guidelines to formulate a CSR (Social Responsibility) agreement, 
Supplier Social Responsibility Commitment Letter and RBA 
Supplier Self-Assessment Form which are signed by most of our 
suppliers. We require suppliers to establish a CSR management 
system with reference to internationally recognized CSR 
standards such as ISO 14001/ISO 45001/IPC 1401 and pass it on 
to lower-level suppliers. This supplier CSR audit tool applies to all 
suppliers and subcontractors that directly or indirectly provide 
products or services to the Company, including its sub-suppliers.
Key rules:
 Ensure supplier diversity and not over-reliance on a single 
supplier.
 Strengthen long-term cooperative relationships with major 
suppliers and improve the stability and contrast of the 
supply chain.
 Strengthen information connectivity and risk monitoring of 
the supply chain.
 Increase social responsibility requirements and audits for  
suppliers.
In 2023, the Group took the initiative to evaluate its suppliers’ 
social responsibility performance. Both material suppliers and 
logistics service vendors were included in an evaluation 
distribution list. Completed questionnaires helped the Group to 
understand and evaluate the performance of its suppliers and 
vendors in the aspects of:
 Work hours
 Child labour
 Forced labour
 Health and safety
 Environmental concerns
 Corporate social responsibility
 Formal complaint channels are established and are  
regularly promoted to employees
 Equal employment opportunities — employment of  
disadvantaged employees and diversity and inclusion are 
encouraged in the workplace
 Harassm ent and abuse — these are actively discouraged 
in any form, to or among all employees
 Protection of privacy and personal data at work
All potential applicants are required to complete the Company’s 
Employment Application Form, where personal data such as, 
names, contact details, ID numbers, etc. will be provided by the 
applicants. Human Resources Department will then reference 
check the ID cards to ensure that they meet the minimum age 
standard, i.e. 18 years old or above. If the Group observes any 
serious violation of the company system by employee, it is 
entitled to terminate their employment relations.
PEOPLE CARING
The Hong Kong headquarters was awarded the “Happiness-at-
work Promotional Scheme” logo sponsored by the Hong Kong 
Enhancement Happiness Index Fund for 10 consecutive years in 
2023. The Company has been committed to promoting and 
creating a pleasant working environment. Building a “Happy 
Workplace” can help motivate employees’ morale. The ultimate 
goal of achieving people and things.
The Group arranges annual heath check for its employees in the 
PRC. We also encourage work-life balance, and interest classes 
such as yoga, aerobics, and dancing were organised in the 
Heyuan production plant to encourage healthy living, and 
attracted many colleagues to join, which enhanced the cohesion 
of the Group, and strengthened the physical and mental 
development of employees.
SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT
The Group takes a collaborative approach to supply chain 
sustainability management, as it views its suppliers as part of an 
interdependent ecosystem.

===== PAGE 61 =====
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 059
Criteria for audit include:
 General operation and workforce condition
 capability for semi and/or fully automation
 financial analysis
 nature of business
 Quality qualification
 Quality system training
 Inspection procedures for quality systems
 Handling procedures for customer complaints
 Calibration
 Material suppliers control and handling procedures
 Production process control and inspection
 Past performance record
SERVICE VENDORS
The Logistics Department screens and selects service vendors by 
considering of the following factors:
 Company background — financial stability, reputation and 
global network
 Pricing, competitiveness and future new technology  
development
 Services — performance track record, efficiency and  
customer service
 Environmental performance — for instance, most of  
vendors use trucks compliant with Euro standards
MACHINERY MAKERS
The Logistics Department screens and selects machinery makers 
by considering of the following factors:
 Company background — financial stability, reputation and 
global network
 Pricing, competitiveness and future new technology  
development
 Past track record
 Response time and customer servicing
Table of Distribution and Response Status
Number Percentage (%)
Total No. of major suppliers for 
manufacturing operations 101 –
Total No. of major suppliers 
questionnaires sent 101 100
Total No. of completed 
questionnaires returned 90 89
Table of Results
Rating Number Percentage (%)
Outstanding 61 67.8
Above Average 21 23.3
Average 8 8.9
Need Improvement 0 0
Below Standard 0 0
Total 90 100
DISTRIBUTION OF SUPPLIERS
Suppliers are divided into material suppliers and logistics service 
vendors, and machinery makers. Certain material suppliers are 
requested to sign a declaration declaring that their packing 
material and Bill of Material (BOM) contains no hazardous 
substance. There was no reported case of violation of the 
declaration by any of our suppliers in the reporting period.
Suppliers by Geographical Region
PRC Asia Europe
United 
States
Material Suppliers 304 46 13 11
Logistics Service 
Vendors 2 5 5 2
SELECTION AND EVALUATION OF SUPPLIERS
The Group selects suppliers and purchases materials and/or 
services from suppliers and vendors using 3 methods, namely, 
price comparison, bidding and sentinel procurement. Audits of 
suppliers and vendors are performed on a regular basis. Results 
are compiled for review by the Supplier Quality Team and are 
approved by the department head of Quality.

===== PAGE 62 =====
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
060
We have also formulated policies and procedures to ensure that 
the suppliers could compete in a transparent and fair way. The 
Group should not have differentiated or discriminate treatment 
on certain suppliers. The procedures include measures to 
prevent all kinds of business bribery and conflict of interest such 
as the avoidance of employees’ personal interest directly or 
indirectly in or given by the suppliers.
CORPORATE PROCUREMENT BUSINESS
Procurement business refers to the activities related to 
purchasing materials (or accepting labor services) and making 
payments. It primarily involves tasks such as preparing demand 
plans and procurement plans, creating purchase requisitions, 
selecting suppliers, determining purchase prices, entering into 
framework agreements or procurement contracts, managing the 
supply process, conducting acceptance, handling returns, making 
payments, and accounting control.
ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RISKS OF 
SUPPLY CHAIN
The Group had established and strictly observing the guidelines 
and procedures as accordance to Group’s policy. Essentially, we 
adhered to high ethical standards and fair competition practises 
during our procurement processes. We performed annual 
performance evaluation for supplier to ensure they continuous 
delivering the quality services.
In view of the increasing environmental concerns in society, the 
Group is aware of the importance in managing environmental 
and social risks of its supply chain. The Group has embedded 
environmental and social consideration in the procurement 
process and supplier communication. Supplier’s environmental, 
social and governance policies, including emissions, use of 
resources, environmental and natural resources, health and 
safety, staff development and training, the prevention of child 
labour, product responsibility and anticorruption would be 
measured. The Group will continue to monitor its supply chain 
regarding the environmental and social standards.
Post-purchase Evaluation
Up to 
standard?
NO
YES
Entering into
framework
agreements or
procurement
contracts
Determining
purchase prices
Selecting suppliers
Procurement plans
Purchase
requisitions
Demand plans
Accounting control
Payment
To Warehouse Get invoice
Managing
supply
process
Conducting
acceptance
Returns
Handling claims

===== PAGE 63 =====
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 061
Requirements). With these standards, the Group has developed 
an intensive system, to ensure no harmful substances (dangerous 
material lists from RoHS/REACH) going into finished goods. There 
is no concerned recall in 2023 record.
Automotive Huizhou Co., Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of 
BOEVx, is accredited with ISO 26262 (Road vehicles — Functional 
safety) certification which demonstrated a functional safety 
management system has been established.
As a further environmental protection action, the Group has 
discussed the decarbonization with European customer which is 
a requirement to the Company to reach 100% green electricity by 
2030. Besides, the Group has also worked with European 
customer to select the use of the per-and polyfluoroalkyl 
substances (PFAS) free raw materials to build up our LCD 
products.
For further information regarding the Group’s measures in 
relation to environmental compliance, safety and quality control, 
please refer to the sections headed “Environment”, “Health and 
Safety” and “Product Responsibility”.
PRODUCT RESPONSIBILITY
The Group has no recall on products sold or shipped due to 
safety and health reasons in 2023. There are average 151 cases 
and 140 cases per month of automotive quality enquiries in 2022 
and 2023 respectively.
Safety is always the core of the Group quality policy. To pursue 
such policy, the Group is qualified by International Standard: ISO 
14001 (Environmental Management Systems), ISO45001 
(Occupational Health and Safety Management System) and QC 
080000 (Electrical and Electronic Components and Products 
Hazardous substance Process Management System  
As part of the green energy improvement, our factory had 
invested and built photovoltaic power project in June 2023.
As one of major automotive component suppliers, the Group 
takes responsibility for providing customers with quality and 
completed after-sale services. Such responsibility covers 
8-discipline reporting (8D), customer complaint review meeting 
(CCR) and 6 sigma improvement plan (6 sigma). With 8D 
approach, the negative impact from defects is quickly limited by 
containment action (which is mostly defined in 48 hours). With 
weekly CCR, “cause and action” will be fully consolidated across 
departments like Production, Process and Design. Furthermore, 
to achieve reject rate in PPM (parts per million) level, 6 sigma is 
carried out yearly with the involvement of the senior 
management.
The Group’s prime objective is to provide high quality products 
that fully conform to their requirements and specifications. This 
commitment is fundamental to all work undertaken and is closely 
observed by all members of the Group in their daily activities. All 
products must strictly comply with the Group’s policy of 
operating Quality Management System that fully meets the 
requirements of ISO 9001 and IATF 16949 for automotive 
products and customer requirements for supplementary 
standards. This standard stipulates all processes from product 
development to completion of production and to after-sale 
services. In addition, Hazardous Substance Process Management 
is in place where procedures and related processes have been 
assessed and confirmed to be compliant with QC 080000. Heyuan 
plant and Chengdu plant are accredited with ISO 14001, ISO 9001, 
IATF 16949, QC 080000 and ISO 45001 certifications.

===== PAGE 64 =====
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
062
Automatic Optical Inspection (AOI) and Vision System Test (VST) 
are used by the TFT/TP module department of the plant for 
automatic screen inspection and automatic OTP program. 
Through automatic lighting of products, high-speed camera 
image capture, automatic image analysis, detection of product 
display defects, such as points, lines, dust spots, spots, mura, 
and electrical defects, and automatically product test information 
with product ID upload to MES system. The application of AOI 
and VST in machine vision will bring the cost lower than the labor 
rising cost, adapt to 24-hour uninterrupted and repetitive work, 
and the effect is stable.
The Company regularly offers marketing training and lectures to 
marketers, strengthens the awareness of marketing, improves 
employees’ responsibility awareness continuously, and promotes 
the healthy development of the Company. During the year, the 
Company launches some special training sessions, e.g. the head 
of the CSO customer service center shared the organizational 
structure, functional interpretation, business process, and 
operation management and etc., and discussed how the CSO 
customer service team can better cooperate with other business 
departments to further improve customer satisfaction. We have 
established a quality control committee to prepare for future 
resource, mechanism and organization planning.
The “2485 principle” is the fine tradition of “customer-oriented” 
that the Group has adhered to for many years to give quick 
response to customer issue. After receiving customer enquiry, 
there will have a first response within 2 hours to give an advice 
to customer to isolate the issue. In the next 48 hours, the Group 
gives information to formulate the countermeasures the products 
on the way or products at customer side and give the analysis 
and improvement action to customer within 5 days.
To ensure stringent quality management, the Group’s Incoming 
Quality Control Team screens the incoming materials by sampling 
scheme. Only good quality materials that meet the requirements 
are accepted for the production process. Similarly, finished goods 
go through a stringent quality check before being passed to the 
finished goods warehouse. The Quality Department and sales 
people also provide comprehensive service ranging from failure 
analysis and 8D reporting to production and process 
improvement when handling customer enquiries.
Certification
ISO 14001 Environmental Management Systems
ISO 45001 Occupational Health and Safety 
Management System
QC 080000 Electrical and Electronic Components and 
Products Hazardous substance Process 
Management System Requirements
ISO 26262
 Road vehicles — Functional safety
ISO 9001 Quality Control Systems
IATF 16949 Quality Management System
Quality system optimization
— F ocus on customer quality and achieve No. 1 in quality 
performance
— Comple te system audit and obtain evidence, customer 
audit pass rate is 100%


===== PAGE 65 =====
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 063
PROTECTION OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
RIGHTS
Recognizing that intellectual properties are important assets to 
an enterprise, the Group has always adhered to the concept of 
respect for intellectual property, being devoted to implementing 
protection for intellectual properties. The intellectual properties 
as possessed by the Group include but not limited to patents, 
trademarks, designs, copyrights and trade secrets, with 
protection scopes covering products, technologies, designs, 
processes, commercial information, video/audio/graphic 
materials, software and etc. These intellectual properties can be 
maintained and used in various legitimate ways such as 
application for registration, confidentiality measure, enforcement, 
BOE VARITRONIX QUALITY MONTH
The Heyuan plant held its annual Quality Month event in 
2023, aiming to enhance the quality awareness of all 
employees through a series of activities. The goal was to 
establish a “everyone participates in quality, everyone 
manages quality” mindset and collectively improve the 
overall quality level of the plant, thereby enhancing the 
Company’s competitiveness.
litigation and etc. Suitable administration systems for intellectual 
properties are adopted both internally and externally. The Group 
respects intellectual property rights of third parties, particularly 
those of the cooperating parties of the Group, and proactively 
avoids unauthorized use of relevant intellectual properties. 
Contracts of cooperation projects will be reviewed by the 
involved parties before commencement, with security and 
confidentiality measures taken during the process. During the 
course of cooperation, confidentiality, licensing, acquisition and 
other agreements can be signed with mutual respect, for the 
sake of lawful acquirement and transfer of intellectual properties 
among the different parties, therefore achieving mutual benefits.
The current specific requirements for quality work are as 
follows:
 Enhancing the execution capability of the plant.
 Keeping up with the increasing level of automation by 
corresponding management.
 Strengthening the management of secondary suppliers 
and prioritizing quality in supplier selection.
 Identifying problem areas in advance and ensuring  
closure in all aspects.
 Adapting to the current customer mode transformation,  
where the proportion of system products gradually 
increases. Internally, all aspects need to promptly 
adapt to new requirements in order to further open the 
door to overseas markets through quality.
stakeholders’ 
6 Sep ~ 30 Sep
Specialized Training
√ BOSCH Customer FMEA Training
/uni2219  In-house Quality Course Training
1 Aug ~ 5 Sep
Event Preparation and Launch Meeting
√ Active mobilization, full participation
/uni2219  Poster wall signing
/uni2219  Random interviews
/uni2219  Video promotion
6 Sep ~ 15 Sep
Quality Workshop
/uni2219  Quality Salon (Customer Focus,
   Quality Experience Exchange)
/uni2219  Supplier Quality Experience
   Sharing and Communication
15 Sep ~ 30 Sep
Quality Grand Competition
/uni2219  Evaluation of Low-Level Error
   Improvement Activities
/uni2219  Evaluation of 5S Activities
/uni2219  Quality and Knowledge
   Competition
5 Oct ~ 10 Oct
Event Summary
/uni2219  Highlighting the Highlights
/uni2219  Reviewing the Shortcomings
/uni2219  Showcasing Achievements
15 Oct ~ 2024
Continuation of the Event
/uni2219  MQI (Monthly Quality
   Improvement) Excellence
   Evaluation
/uni2219  Monthly Quality Proposal
   Evaluation
/uni2219  Incentive awards for the winning
   section each month to boost
   motivation


===== PAGE 66 =====
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
064
The Group has formulated its internal policies, namely “Code of 
Conduct” and “Anti-corruption Policy”, to ensure that business 
activities are conducted integriously, transparently, and 
legitimately, as well as to abstain from all forms of misconduct, 
including corruption, bribery, extortion and fraud within the 
Group. Such measures are preventive, detective and punitive in 
nature. All employees shall sign and abide by the “BOEVx 
Declaration of Professional Ethics”, follow the code of conducts 
and professional ethics, perform the duties with integrity, fairness 
and professionalism, not taking advantage of their job position to 
engage in any form of bribery or solicit any personal benefits or 
favors from business partners, and are subjected to supervision.
During the year, concluded legal cases were reported regarding 
corrupt practices against the Group or its employees. The Group 
reported no cases of serious violations of laws and regulations in 
relation to corruption, bribery, extortion and fraud that would 
have a significant impact to the Group.
Relevant  
policies  
include:
Code of Conduct:
set the upper limit on the value of the gifts that 
the staff can accept; prohibit the staff from 
soliciting or accepting any benefits from 
business partner; procedures and reporting 
mechanisms for handling conflicts of interest.
Anti-corruption Policy: 
the staff shall not engage in any form of 
corruption or bribery, shall not offer or accept 
any gifts, gratuities or entertainment that may 
be considered to have an unfair impact on 
business relationships.
Travel Policy: 
establish the standards and approval  
procedures for the business entertainment that 
occurs in the normal course of business.
Varitronix (Heyuan) Display Technology Ltd. (“Varitronix (HY)”), a 
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, was recognized as the 
2022 “National Intellectual Property Demonstration Enterprise” by 
the State Intellectual Property Office, becoming the first 
enterprise in Heyuan City to receive this honor, and realized 
Heyuan City’s national intellectual property demonstration 
enterprise zero breakthrough. The Company has established a 
complete intellectual property management system and passed 
the certification of intellectual property standards in 2022. Up to 
now, Varitronix (HY) has been granted 86 patents, including 41 
invention patents and 45 utility model patents, and has won 7 
China Patent Excellence Awards for 4 consecutive years. 
Varitronix (Chengdu) Display Technology Ltd., a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of the Company has been granted 9 patents, including 
3 invention patents and 6 utility model patents.
DATA PROTECTION AND PRIVACY POLICIES
In order to gain trust from our stakeholders, the security of their 
personal information is important to us. The Group acknowledges 
the importance in handling the personal information carefully.
The Group understands stakeholders use their personal 
information for different purpose. Therefore, it is important for us 
to handle this information with care. To protect this information 
from any unauthorised access, accidental loss and destruction, 
the Group adopts appropriate security measures in the transfer 
and storage of the personal data.
ANTI-CORRUPTION
The Group are committed to maintaining the highest level of 
business ethics and integrity in carrying out its business activities. 
The Group places emphasis on ensuring all business is conducted 
in accordance with relevant local laws and regulations, including 
but not limited to Prevention of Bribery Ordinance (Cap. 201 of 
the Laws of Hong Kong); and Criminal Law of the People’s 
Republic of China (中華人民共和國刑法).

===== PAGE 67 =====
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 065
WHISTLEBLOWING MECHANISM
To commit a high standard of corporate governance, the Group has devised a whistleblowing policy for all employees of the Group to 
report serious concerns about any misconduct, malpractice or irregularities that the Company or any of its subsidiaries has been or 
may become involved in. Whistleblowing matters may include but are not confined to breach of legal or regulatory requirements (such 
as corruption or acts of fraud) or, malpractice, impropriety or fraud relating to internal controls, accounting, auditing and financial 
matters of the Group. The Group has set a specific reporting channel to receive reports from whistleblowers on misconduct and 
relevant details and evidence. To safeguard its interests, the Group will conduct the investigation against any suspicious or misconduct 
based on the actual circumstances.
The Group will make every effort to treat all disclosures in a confidential and sensitive manner. The identity of the individual employee 
of the Group making the allegation will not be divulged without the employee’s consent, where appropriate. Harassment or 
victimization of a genuine whistle blower will be treated as gross misconduct, which if proven, may result in dismissal. The Group 
assess the efficiency of current whistleblowing measures annually. In case of appropriate necessity, the Group will amend existing 
policies or develop and introduce additional policies.
Extract of whistleblowing policy:
Reporting Channel
 Employee who has a legitimate malpractice concern should report to the Audit Committee via email.
Protection and Confidentiality
 Employees may raise a concern anonymously or in confidence.
 The Group will protect their identity and will not disclose it without their consent.
 The Group will ensure that employees should not suffer any form of intimidation, reprisal, retaliation or adverse reaction as a  
consequence of whistleblowing.
Investigation Procedure
 The format and the length of an investigation will vary depending upon the nature and particular circumstances of each 
complaint made, including:
 be investigated internally;
 be referred to the external organisation;
 be referred to the appropriate regulatory body.
 The Audit Committee or the person designated to investigate the complaint will write to the complainant, acknowledging that 
the concern has been received, telling the complainant whether any initial enquiries have been made, and whether further 
investigations will take place.
Record Retention
 In the event a reported impropriety leads to an investigation, all relevant information relating to the case shall be retained, 
including details of corrective action taken.

===== PAGE 68 =====
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
066
ETHICS AND INTEGRITY EDUCATION TRAINING
On 7 December 2023, Mr. Yue Zhanqiu, the Chief Auditor of the 
BOE Group, and Mr. Guo Huaping, the Secretary of the BOE 
Group’s Disciplinary Committee and Chief Cultural Officer, 
conducted a clean and integrity education and training session at 
Chengdu plant in the Sichuan region. Hong Kong Headquarters 
and Heyuan plant participated in the session via a video link. 
More than 200 cadres and employees attended the training. The 
objective of this training was to ensure that leaders at all levels 
adhere to professional ethics and abide by laws, regulations, 
industry rules, and company policies. The aim is to promote 
transparent and ethical operations and establish a solid 
foundation of integrity for BOE to successfully achieve its goals.
ANTI-CORRUPTION AND COMPLIANCE OF 
CONNECTED TRANSACTION TRAINING
On 22 February 2023, the Chief Financial Officer and the Internal 
Audit Department held the anti-corruption and compliance of 
connected transaction training. More than 470 employees from 
Hong Kong, Heyuan and Chengdu attended the training, which is 
aiming to improve the employees’ awareness of business 
integrity, and to strengthen the employees’ understanding of the 
Listing Rules.


===== PAGE 69 =====
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 067
45TH ANNIVERSARY COMMEMORATIVE EVENT


===== PAGE 70 =====
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
068
Partners from various locations gathered together to enjoy a 
harmonious gathering filled with joy. Music was integrated into 
team-building activities, utilizing the collaborative performance of 
a band to symbolize the team’s cooperation principles. Through 
the collision of instruments, the team played a magnificent 
melody to celebrate the 45th anniversary of the Company, 
allowing every participant to truly experience the charm of 
teamwork.
To further enhance the communication and cooperation in the 
automotive business, the Group organized a three-day 
automotive business seminar and 45th anniversary  
commemorative event from 15 to 17 June 2023. The event was 
held in BOE Chengdu under the theme “Forty-Five Years of 
Ingenuity, Setting Sail for a Century of Opportunities.” It aims to 
provide a comprehensive understanding and review of the 
milestone events of the Group over the past 45 years. 
Representatives from the Group’s overseas sales and various 
domestic locations attended the event, including countries and 
regions such as the United Kingdom, United States, Germany, 
France, Switzerland, Italy, Japan, Korea and etc.
On 16 June 2023, the Group invited senior experts 
from industry-leading benchmark companies for on-
site exchanges and lectures. Through learning from 
their excellent experiences, the Group aims to 
overcome business bottlenecks and achieve our 
annual business goals.
Completing a project is like performing a song 
together in a band. Having clear goals enables each 
team member to have a clear direction for their 
efforts. When encountering differences during the 
project, it is important to listen and understand each 
other, making communication between both parties 
more effective.


===== PAGE 71 =====
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 069
BOE Technology Group Co., Ltd. celebrates its 
30th anniversary of establishment 


===== PAGE 72 =====
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
070
COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT, CHARITY AND STAFF WELLBEING
As a responsible enterprise, the Group is involved in a variety of events that combine charity and sports and committed to encouraging 
caring for the community and help those in need. In 2023, the Group made charitable and other donations of over HK$83,172.
As of the latest practicable date, the Group sponsored our employees to participate in various charity sports activities and company 
cultural and sports activities. These included:
Charity event for disabled families during the Spring Festival, 
organised for the China Disabled Persons Federation in Yuancheng
Spring Festival 
condolences activities
Donation Day for the  
“Rural Revitalization Support” Event in 2023


===== PAGE 73 =====
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 071
Volunteering, Automobile Culture Festival, Strategy seminars and digital 
transformation workshops, Football league, Family open day


===== PAGE 74 =====
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
072
In the PRC, the Heyuan production plant participated in the 
“Guangdong Poverty Alleviation Day” fundraising event every 
year, to help the poor.
SCHOLARSHIP
Since 2012, the Heyuan plant established a school-enterprise 
cooperation with the Heyuan Polytechnic to enrol students in 
“Specialized BOEVx Class”. A scholarship is sponsored for 
outstanding students. In addition, the Group has also specially 
set up a “Specialized BOEVx Scholarship” to help students with 
financial needs to complete their studies.
PRECAUTIONARY MEASURES AGAINST 
CORONAVIRUS
Our employees’ health and safety is always our top priority. As 
COVID restrictions have been loosened, the Group has 
maintained and adjusted precautionary measures to prevent the 
outbreak of COVID-19 in the workplaces.
A comprehensive set of preventive measures and guidelines 
have been put in place at our Hong Kong headquarters, overseas 
offices and factories in the PRC. We have provided health 
protection and personal hygiene guidelines to our workers, 
monitored their physical condition while they are working in the 
factories, and maintained social distance in the canteens and 
dormitories. We also encouraged our employees to be vaccinated 
for better protection.
2024 BOE Varitronix  
Annual Party

===== PAGE 75 =====
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 073
APPENDIX 1
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORTING GUIDE OF HONG KONG STOCK 
EXCHANGE
SUBJECT AREAS, ASPECTS, GENERAL DISCLOSURES AND KPIs PAGE NUMBER
A ENVIRONMENTAL
ASPECT A1: 
EMISSIONS
INFORMATION ON THE POLICIES AND COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND 
REGULATIONS THAT HAVE A SIGNIFICANT IMPACT ON THE ISSUER RELATING TO AIR 
AND GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS, DISCHARGES INTO WATER AND LAND, AND 
GENERATION OF HAZARDOUS AND NON-HAZARDOUS WASTE.
A1.1 The types of emissions and respective emissions data. 38
A1.2 Direct (Scope 1) and energy indirect (Scope 2) greenhouse gas emissions (in tonnes) 
and, where appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume, per facility).
40
A1.3 Total hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e.g. per 
unit of production volume, per facility).
38
A1.4 Total non-hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e.g. 
per unit of production volume, per facility).
38
A1.5 Description of emission target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. 39, 53
A1.6 Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are handled, and a 
description of reduction target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them.
42, 43, 53
ASPECT A2: USE OF 
RESOURCES
POLICIES ON THE EFFICIENT USE OF RESOURCES, INCLUDING ENERGY, WATER AND 
OTHER RAW MATERIALS.
A2.1 Direct and/or indirect energy consumption by type (e.g. electricity, gas or oil) in total 
(kWh in ’000s) and intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume, per facility).
41, 46
A2.2 Water consumption in total and intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume, per facility). 46
A2.3 Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. 46–50, 53
A2.4 Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose, water 
efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them.
41, 53
A2.5 Total packaging material used for finished products (in tonnes) and, if applicable, with 
reference to per unit produced.
42
ASPECT A3: THE 
ENVIRONMENT AND 
NATURAL RESOURCES
POLICIES ON MINIMISING THE ISSUER’S SIGNIFICANT IMPACTS ON THE ENVIRONMENT 
AND NATURAL RESOURCES.
A3.1 Description of the significant impacts of activities on the environment and natural 
resources and the actions taken to manage them.
44
ASPECT A4: CLIMATE 
CHANGE
POLICIES ON IDENTIFICATION AND MITIGATION OF SIGNIFICANT CLIMATE-RELATED 
ISSUES WHICH HAVE IMPACTED, AND THOSE WHICH MAY IMPACT, THE ISSUER.
A4.1 Description of the significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those 
which may impact, the issuer, and the actions taken to manage them.
50, 52

===== PAGE 76 =====
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
074
SUBJECT AREAS, ASPECTS, GENERAL DISCLOSURES AND KPIs PAGE NUMBER
B SOCIAL
EMPLOYMENT AND LABOR PRACTICES
ASPECT B1: 
EMPLOYMENT
INFORMATION ON THE POLICIES AND COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND 
REGULATIONS THAT HAVE A SIGNIFICANT IMPACT ON THE ISSUER RELATING TO 
COMPENSATION AND DISMISSAL, RECRUITMENT AND PROMOTION, WORKING HOURS, 
REST PERIODS, EQUAL OPPORTUNITY, DIVERSITY, ANTI-DISCRIMINATION, AND OTHER 
BENEFITS AND WELFARE.
B1.1 Total workforce by gender, employment type (for example, full- or part-time), age 
group and geographical region.
56
B1.2 Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and geographical region. 56
ASPECT B2: HEALTH 
AND SAFETY
INFORMATION ON THE POLICIES AND COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND 
REGULATIONS THAT HAVE A SIGNIFICANT IMPACT ON THE ISSUER RELATING TO 
PROVIDING A SAFE WORKING ENVIRONMENT AND PROTECTING EMPLOYEES FROM 
OCCUPATIONAL HAZARDS.
B2.1 Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in each of the past three years 
including the reporting year.
55
B2.2 Lost days due to work injury. 55
B2.3 Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, how they are 
implemented and monitored.
54
ASPECT B3: 
DEVELOPMENT AND 
TRAINING
POLICIES ON IMPROVING EMPLOYEES’ KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS FOR DISCHARGING 
DUTIES AT WORK. DESCRIPTION OF TRAINING ACTIVITIES.
B3.1 The percentage of employees trained by gender and employee category (e.g. senior 
management, middle management)
56
B3.2 The average training hours completed per employee by gender and employee 
category.
56
LABOR STANDARDS INFORMATION ON THE POLICIES AND COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND 
REGULATIONS THAT HAVE A SIGNIFICANT IMPACT ON THE ISSUER RELATING TO 
PREVENTING CHILD AND FORCED LABOR.
B4.1 Description of measures to review employment practices to avoid child and forced 
labor.
57
B4.2 Description of the steps taken to eliminate such practices when discovered. 57

===== PAGE 77 =====
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 075
SUBJECT AREAS, ASPECTS, GENERAL DISCLOSURES AND KPIs PAGE NUMBER
OPERATION PRACTICES
ASPECT B5: SUPPLY 
CHAIN MANAGEMENT
POLICIES ON MANAGING ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RISKS OF THE SUPPLY CHAIN.
B5.1 Number of suppliers by geographical region. 59
B5.2 Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the 
practices are being implemented, and how they are implemented and monitored.
59
B5.3 Description of practices used to identify environmental and social risks along the 
supply chain, and how they are implemented and monitored.
60
B5.4 Description of practices used to promote environmentally preferable products and 
services when selecting suppliers, and how they are implemented and monitored.
60
ASPECT B6: PRODUCT 
RESPONSIBILITY
INFORMATION ON THE POLICIES AND COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND 
REGULATIONS THAT HAVE A SIGNIFICANT IMPACT ON THE ISSUER RELATING TO 
HEALTH AND SAFETY, ADVERTISING, LABELLING AND PRIVACY MATTERS RELATING TO 
PRODUCTS AND SERVICES PROVIDED AND METHODS OF REDRESS.
B6.1 Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to recalls for safety and health 
reasons.
61
B6.2 Number of products and service related complaints received and how they are dealt 
with.
61
B6.3 Description of practices relating to observing and protecting intellectual property 
rights.
63
B6.4 Description of quality assurance process and recall procedures. 61
B6.5 Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, and how they are 
implemented and monitored.
64
ASPECT B7: ANTI-
CORRUPTION
INFORMATION ON THE POLICIES AND COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND 
REGULATIONS THAT HAVE A SIGNIFICANT IMPACT ON THE ISSUER RELATING TO 
BRIBERY, EXTORTION, FRAUD AND MONEY LAUNDERING.
B7.1 Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practices brought against the 
issuer or its employees during the reporting period and the outcomes of the cases.
64
B7.2 Description of preventive measures and whistle-blowing procedures, and how they are 
implemented and monitored.
65
B7.3 Description of anti-corruption training provided to directors and staff. 57, 66
COMMUNITY
B8.1 Focus areas of contribution (e.g. education, environmental concerns, labor needs, 
health, culture, sport).
70
B8.2 Resources contributed to the focus area (e.g. money or time). 70

===== PAGE 78 =====
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
076
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND
SENIOR MANAGEMENT
aged 49, is our Executive Director and the Chairman appointed 
since September 2018. He was re-appointed as an Executive 
Director and the Chairman in April 2019 and 2022. Mr. Gao is the 
chairman of the Nomination Committee and Investment 
Committee, and a member of the Remuneration Committee of 
the Company.
Mr. Gao holds a doctor degree in microelectronics and solid-state 
electronics from Jilin University.
Mr. Gao joined BOE since 2003. He is currently a director, a 
president and the vice chairman of the executive committee of 
the 10th Board of Directors of the BOE Group, and the chairman 
of Beijing Zhongxiangying Technology Co., Ltd. and other 
positions. Mr. Gao is also currently the group president and BOEU 
principal of the back-desk (business support system) of BOE, and 
the front-desk head of the display device and the IoT innovation 
business of BOE.
DIRECTOR’S BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION
aged 44, is an Executive Director and the Vice Chairlady of the 
Company appointed since October 2014 and January 2019 
respectively. Ms. Ko is a member of the Remuneration 
Committee and the Investment Committee of the Company and 
a director of various subsidiaries of the Group. Ms. Ko was also 
appointed as the chief executive officer of the Company in March 
2015 and was redesignated to a co-chief executive officer of the 
Company in April 2016 before redesignated to the current 
position. Ms. Ko was appointed as an independent non-executive 
director of Qingdao AInnovation Technology Group Co., Ltd which 
is listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange in May 2021.
Ms. Ko holds a Bachelor Degree in Economics and Mathematics 
from Mount Holyoke College, U.S.A., and a Master Degree in 
Finance from the Imperial College, London. She has over 7 years 
of experience in banking and has extensive experience in the 
securities and capital markets, and was a director of global 
markets — structured credit and fund solutions of HSBC until 
August 2009. Before joining HSBC, Ms. Ko served at Morgan 
Stanley (Hong Kong) and JP Morgan Securities Limited (London).
GAO Wenbao KO Wing Yan, Samantha

===== PAGE 79 =====
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND
SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 077
SU Ning SHAO Xibin
aged 43, is our Executive Director and the Chief Executive Officer 
of the Company since April 2016 and January 2019 respectively. 
He was appointed as a Co-chief Executive Officer of the Company 
in April 2016 before redesignated to the current position. Mr. Su 
was re-appointed as an Executive Director and the Chief 
Executive Officer of the Company in April 2019 and 2022. Mr. Su 
is a member of the Nomination Committee and the Investment 
Committee, and a director of various subsidiaries of the Group.
Mr. Su graduated from the Graduate School of Chinese Academy 
of Sciences with a master degree in engineering. Since 2005, Mr. 
Su has served as a deputy division chief in the module technical 
department, a deputy department head in the new application 
business department, the division chief, a deputy general 
manager in the application business department of Beijing BOE 
Optoelectronics Technology Co., Ltd. (a subsidiary of BOE). Mr. Su 
is a general manager of the application business department of 
Beijing BOE Display Technology Co., Ltd. (a subsidiary of BOE).
Mr. Su is currently a vice president of BOE Group and the general 
manager of the front-desk of automotive SBU of the display 
device and the IoT innovation business of BOE.
aged 54, is our Non-executive Director appointed since April 
2019. Mr. Shao was reappointed as a Non-executive Director in 
April 2022. Mr. Shao graduated from Changchun Institute of 
Physics, Chinese Academy of Sciences with a doctor degree in 
condensed matter physics. From 1994 to 2006, Mr. Shao worked 
at Changchun Institute of Physics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, 
Tohoku University and Jilin North Color Crystal Display Co., Ltd.. 
Since 2006, Mr. Shao joined the BOE Group. He worked as a 
deputy director of strategic planning department, a director of 
research and development of central research institute, a 
director of product development of BOE Display, a director of DT 
development and a department head of TV development, a 
deputy head of IT/TV product development, head of IT/TV product 
development, the chief product officer, a co-chief technology 
officer of Display Business Group of BOE.
Mr. Shao is currently the chief new product officer of the mid-
desk of the technology and product of the mid-desk of the 
display device and the IoT innovation business of BOE, the deputy 
head of LCD product development centre of the mid-desk of the 
technology and product of the display device and the IoT 
innovation business of BOE, the deputy head of the mid-desk of 
the technology and the product mid-desk terminal product and 
technology development of the display device and the IoT 
innovation business of BOE.

===== PAGE 80 =====
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND
SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
078
aged 50, is our Non-executive Director appointed since April 
2019. Mr. Jin was reappointed as a Non-executive Director in 
April 2022. Mr. Jin graduated from Northeast Forestry University 
with a bachelor’s degree in trade economy. From 1997 to 2003, 
Mr. Jin worked at Beijing Gucheng Tourism Vocational School, 
K.E.D. Co., Ltd. and BTC Information and Communication Co., 
Ltd.. Since 2003, Mr. Jin joined the BOE Group.
Mr. Jin is currently the deputy person in charge of the mid-desk 
of the planning and operation of the mid-desk of the display 
device and the IoT innovation business of BOE, the deputy head 
of the mid-desk of the production and marketing operation 
centre of the planning and operation of the mid-desk of the 
display device and the IoT innovation business of BOE, the team 
leader of business operation team of the domestic marketing 
platform area of the front-desk of the display device and the IoT 
innovation business of BOE.
JIN Hao
aged 36, is our Non-executive Director appointed since February 
2023. Mr. Meng graduated from Beijing Institute of Technology 
with a master’s degree in business management. Mr. Meng 
joined BOE in 2009. He was the deputy head of the Planning and 
Finance Department, the deputy head of the Budget Analysis 
Section of the Budget Management Department, the deputy head 
of the Budget Management Department, the head of the Smart 
System Budget and Operation Innovation Department, the head 
of the Major Project Performance Management Section of Budget 
Management Department and the deputy head of the Budget 
Center of BOE.
Mr. Meng is currently the head of the financial operation 
management center in Display Devices and IoT Innovation 
Business of CFO organisation of the back-desk of BOE (business 
support system), the head of the back-desk (business support 
system) of CFO organisation of the budgeting center, and VCFO 
of the back-desk (business support system) of CFO organization.
MENG Chao

===== PAGE 81 =====
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND
SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 079
aged 57, is our Independent Non-executive Director appointed in 
June 2016. Mr. Fung is the Chairman of the Audit Committee and 
the Remuneration Committee, and a member of the Nomination 
Committee of the Company. Mr. Fung was trained and qualified 
in KPMG London before returning to KPMG Hong Kong in 1993. 
Since his return Mr. Fung has travelled regularly into China to 
lead different types of China projects, including Initial Public 
Offerings and due diligence exercises for merger and 
acquisitions. Mr. Fung became a partner in October 2000. Later 
in 2006 he moved to and started stationing in Beijing. In the past 
two decades, he has been in many positions within KPMG, 
including the partner in-charge of large accounts, regional head 
of audit and regional head of business development.
Mr. Fung’s last position before retirement is the Global Chair of 
KPMG Global China Practice (“GCP”). The GCP is a community of 
professionals in China and across the globe with a total focus on 
inbound and outbound China businesses and assists Chinese 
businesses with their globalisation strategy and helps 
multinational companies enter or expand into the China market. 
In this role, he regularly meets with market players to discuss the 
continuous development of China and issues confronting 
executives from different businesses. He also writes publications 
and appears in conferences and events as presenters/panelists 
to share his experience and views on these matters.
Mr. Fung is a fellow member of the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of England and Wales and a member of the Hong 
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He obtained a 
bachelor of science in Economics from London School of 
Economics and Political Science in 1988.
FUNG, Yuk Kan Peter
aged 59, is our Independent Non-executive Director appointed 
since June 2016. He is a member of the Audit Committee, the 
Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee of the 
Company. Mr. Chu has 20 years of business experience and 15 
years of experience in corporate governance. Mr. Chu is a 
partner of Go Capital Limited which is a private equity firm based 
in Hong Kong and Shanghai. Mr. Chu was appointed as an 
independent non-executive director of Guolian Securities Co., 
Ltd. and Crypto Flow Technology Limited which are listed on the 
Main Board of the Stock Exchange in June 2019 and the Growth 
Enterprise Market of the Stock Exchange in September 2022 
respectively.
From 2012 to 28 February 2018, Mr. Chu was the chief executive 
officer of mReferral Corporation (HK) Limited which is a leading 
mortgage referral company and is a joint venture of Midland 
Holdings Limited and Cheung Kong (Holdings) Limited. From 
March 2012 to June 2012, he was the chief financial officer of 
China Smart Electric Co. Ltd.. From July 2009 to October 2011, he 
was the chief financial officer of Trony Solar Holdings Company 
Limited which is a publicly listed company on the Main Board of 
the Stock Exchange. From September 2010 to May 2012, he was 
an independent non-executive Director of China Kingstone 
Mining Holdings Limited which is a publicly listed company on the 
Main Board of the Stock Exchange. He has previously worked for 
Shanghai Century Acquisition Corporation, a company listed on 
the American Stock Exchange, and United Energy Group Limited, 
a company listed on the Stock Exchange. He was a director at 
ABN AMRO Asia Corporate Finance Ltd. and was also a director 
at the Hong Kong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Ltd.. From 
June 2012 to June 2015, he was an independent non-executive 
Director of Weichai Power Co. Ltd. which is a publicly listed 
company on the Main Board of Stock Exchange. He resigned as 
an independent non-executive director of Directel Holdings 
Limited which is listed on the Growth Enterprise Market of the 
Stock Exchange in June 2016.
He obtained a master degree of business administration from the 
Columbia University and a bachelor degree of science from the 
University of Rochester in 1990 and 1986 respectively.
CHU, Howard Ho Hwa

===== PAGE 82 =====
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND
SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
080
aged 53, is our Independent Non-executive Director appointed in 
April 2023. Mr. Pang is a member of the Audit Committee, the 
Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee of the 
Company. Mr. Pang graduated from Kunming University of 
Science and Technology with a master’s degree in business 
administration. Mr. Pang is a member of, among others, the 
Ministry of Industry and Information Technology Expert 
Committee of Vehicles Network Identity Authentication and 
Safety Trust Work in Vehicles Network Safety Field* ( 工業和信息
化部車聯網安全領域車聯網身份認證和安全信任工作專家委員
會); the deputy chairman of the Artificial Intelligence Sub-
Committee of The Chinese Society for Agricultural Machinery* (中
國農業機械學會人工智能分會委員會 ); the deputy secretary-
general of the Agricultural Electronics Sub-Technical Committee 
of the National Agricultural Machinery Standardization Technical 
Committee (TC201)* ( 全國農業機械標準化技術委員會 (TC201) 農
業電子分技術委員會).
Mr. Pang is an independent director of ZKTeco Co., Ltd., the 
shares of which are listed on the Growth Enterprise Market of the 
Shenzhen Stock Exchange. From May 2022 to April 2023, Mr. 
Pang was a non-independent director of Shenzhen Qingyi 
Photomask Limited, the shares of which are listed on the Science 
and Technology Innovation Board of the Shanghai Stock 
Exchange.
PANG Chunlin

===== PAGE 83 =====
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND
SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 081
SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION
CHUNG Kai Cheong
aged 46, is the Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary of 
the Group. He obtained a Master’s degree in Corporate 
Governance and Compliance from Hong Kong Baptist University 
and a Bachelor’s degree majoring in Accountancy from The City 
University of Hong Kong. He is a Fellow Member of each of the 
Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants, The Hong 
Kong Chartered Governance Institute and The Chartered 
Governance Institute. He joined the Group in April 2022.
CHOI Wing
aged 45, is the Chief Operating Officer of the Group. She obtained 
a Bachelor’s degree in Chemistry from the Chinese University of 
Hong Kong and a Master’s degree in Data Science and Business 
Statistics from the Chinese University of Hong Kong. She joined 
the Group in October 2000.
PARK Soo Bin, James
aged 53, is the Chief Marketing Officer of the Group. He obtained 
a Bachelor’s degree in Physics from Sogang University in South 
Korea. He joined the Group in October 2006.
YOON Dae Keun
aged 49, is the Chief Technology Officer of the Group. He 
obtained a Master’s degree in Optics from the Sogang University 
in South Korea. Before joining the Group, Mr. Yoon served at BOE 
Group and has more than 20 years of TFT module development 
experience. He joined the Group in October 2023.
LO Pak Chi, Patrick
aged 50, is the General Manager responsible for operation of the 
Heyuan plant of the Group. He obtained a Bachelor’s degree in 
Applied Physics from Hong Kong Baptist University. He joined the 
Group in May 1998.
CHENG Wei
Aged 42, is the General Manager — Smart Vehicle Solutions 
(China region), and is responsible for Systems and Smart Vehicle 
Solutions of the Group. He obtained a degree in Information 
Engineering from the Beijing Institute of Technology, China and a 
Master’s degree in Software Engineering from the Huazhong 
University of Science and Technology, China. Before joining the 
Group, Mr. Cheng served at BOE Group and has more than 17 
years of TFT module production and operational experience. He 
joined the Group in August 2017.
LUO Ning
aged 37, is the General Manager responsible for operation of the 
Chengdu plant of the Group. He obtained a Bachelor’s degree in 
Optical Information Science and Technology from Wuhan Institute 
of Technology, China. He joined the Group in May 2021.
MA Chung Man, Alex
aged 48, the Assistant General Manager — Purchasing of the 
Group. He obtained a degree in Industrial and Manufacturing 
Systems Engineering from the University of Hong Kong and a 
Master’s degree in System Engineering and Engineering 
Management from the Chinese University of Hong Kong. He 
joined the Group in Oct 1998.
NG Ah Loi, Lloyd
aged 56, is the Assistant General Manager — Head of Quality of 
the Group. He obtained a Bachelor’s degree in Applied Physics 
from the City University of Hong Kong. Mr. Ng has over 16 years 
of experience in automotive quality assurance management. He 
joined the Group in August 2017.

===== PAGE 84 =====
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
082
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
REPORT
meeting (“AGM”) of the Company held on 27 June 2023 due to 
other business arrangements.
Code provision F.2.2 stipulates that the chairman of the board 
should attend the AGM. Mr. Gao Wenbao, the Chairman of the 
Board, was unable to attend the AGM of the Company held on 27 
June 2023 due to other business arrangements. Ms. Ko Wing Yan, 
Samantha was appointed to chair the AGM and address any 
questions raised. Given her extensive knowledge of the Group’s 
business, she was considered a suitable candidate to act as the 
chairman in the absence of Mr. Gao.
MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES 
TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS
The Company has adopted a code of conduct on securities 
transactions by directors (the “Code of Conduct”) on terms no 
less exacting than those required standards set out in the Model 
Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers 
(the “Model Code”) set out in Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules. 
Following specific enquiry by the Company, all Directors 
confirmed that they have complied with the required standards 
as set out in the Model Code and the Code of Conduct 
throughout the year under review.
The Company has also adopted a code of conduct on securities 
transactions by employees on terms no less exacting than those 
required standards set out in the Model Code.
The Company is committed to achieving and maintaining a high 
standard of corporate governance. The Board (the “Board”) of 
Directors (the “Directors”) recognises that such commitment is 
essential in upholding the accountability and transparency and to 
achieve a balance of interests between the shareholders, 
customers, creditors, employees as well as other stakeholders.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
The corporate governance standards of the Company are built on 
the principles of independence, accountability, transparency and 
fairness. The Company has adopted and complied with the code 
provision set out in the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG 
Code”) contained in Appendix C1 of the Rules Governing the 
Listing of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on The Stock Exchange 
of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”). The Board has 
taken actions and measures to ensure that the Company is in all 
aspects in strict compliance.
In the opinion of the Directors, the Company has complied with 
the code provisions of the CG Code throughout the year ended 
31 December 2023.
Code provision C.1.6 stipulates that independent non-executive 
directors and non-executive directors should attend general 
meetings. Mr. Shao Xibin and Mr. Jin Hao, both non-executive 
Directors, and Mr. Chu, Howard Ho Hwa, an independent non-
executive Director, were unable to attend the annual general 
THE BOARD
External
Auditor
Audit
Committee
Remuneration
Committee
Nomination
Committee
Investment
Committee

===== PAGE 85 =====
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 083
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
REPORT
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Company benefits from the professional management 
expertise of its Directors. Brief biographies of the Directors are 
set out in the “Board of Directors and Senior Management” 
section in this Annual Report. The professional management 
expertise of the Directors ensures that the Board has the 
capabilities of sustaining the Company’s continued success.
As at 2 April 2024 (the latest practicable date), Board comprises 3 
Executive Directors, 3 Non-executive Directors and 3 
Independent Non-executive Directors.
Executive Directors: Mr. Gao Wenbao (Chairman)
Ms. Ko Wing Yan, Samantha 
(Vice Chairlady)
Mr. Su Ning (Chief Executive Officer)
Non-executive Directors: Mr. Shao Xibin
Mr. Jin Hao
Mr. Meng Chao
Independent 
Non-executive 
Directors:
Mr. Fung, Yuk Kan Peter
Mr. Chu, Howard Ho Hwa
Mr. Pang Chunlin 
(appointed on 7 April 2023)
The Company has established a mechanism to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board. All the Independent 
Non-executive Directors meet the guidelines for assessment of independence as set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.
The Board meets at least 4 times a year with additional meetings arranged when necessary to review the financial performance, 
material investments and other matters of the Group that require the resolution of the Board.
During the financial year ended 31 December 2023, a total of 4 meetings and 1 annual general meeting (“AGM”) were held and the 
attendance of each Director is set out as follows:
Number of meetings attended in 2023
Name Meeting AGM
Remuneration
 Committee
Nomination
 Committee
Audit
 Committee
Executive Directors:  
Mr. Gao Wenbao 3/4 0/1 6/6 4/4 N/A
Ms. Ko Wing Yan, Samantha 4/4 1/1 6/6 N/A N/A
Mr. Su Ning 4/4 1/1 N/A 4/4 N/A
Non-executive Directors:
Mr. Shao Xibin 3/4 0/1 N/A N/A N/A
Mr. Jin Hao 4/4 0/1 N/A N/A N/A
Mr. Meng Chao 4/4 1/1 N/A N/A N/A
Mr. Zhang Jianqiang 
 (passed away in 2023) 0/0 0/0 N/A N/A N/A
Independent Non-executive Directors:
Mr. Fung, Yuk Kan Peter 4/4 1/1 6/6 4/4 3/3
Mr. Chu, Howard Ho Hwa 4/4 0/1 6/6 4/4 3/3
Mr. Hou Ziqiang 
 (retired on 27 June 2023) 2/2 1/1 5/5 3/3 2/2
Mr. Pang Chunlin 
 (appointed on 7 April 2023) 2/2 1/1 2/2 1/1 1/1
      

===== PAGE 86 =====
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
084
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
REPORT
In the Board’s opinion, these relationships do not affect the 
Directors’ independent judgment and integrity in executing their 
roles and responsibilities and there is mechanism to protect 
respective stakeholders’ interest.
PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
Pursuant to C.1.4 of the CG Code, all Directors should participate 
in continuous professional development to develop and refresh 
their knowledge and skills. This is to ensure that their contribution 
to the Board remains informed and relevant. On 1 December 
2023, an on-line training is provided to the Directors about the 
overview of directors’ responsibilities; corporate governance and 
internal control; notifiable transactions and connected 
transactions; and directors’ holding and trading securities. Up to 
the date of this report, all Directors have participated in 
continuous professional development by participating seminars, 
training course and/or lectures, and/or referring materials on the 
topics related to corporate governance and regulations.
RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE BOARD
The Board has established the Company’s purpose, values and 
strategy, and satisfy itself that these and the Company’s culture 
are aligned. The Board promotes the desired culture which 
should instill and continually reinforce across the organisation 
values of acting lawfully, ethically and responsibly.
With integrity, the Board has the collective responsibility for 
leadership and control of, and for promoting the success of, the 
Company by directing and supervising the Company’s affairs. The 
Board sets the Group’s overall objectives and strategies, monitors 
and evaluates its operating and financial performance and 
reviews the corporate governance standard of the Company. It 
also decides on matters such as interim and annual results, 
major transactions, director appointments or reappointments, 
and dividend and accounting policies. The Board has delegated 
the authority and responsibility for implementing its business 
strategies and managing the daily operations of the Group’s 
businesses to the management.
The Board has reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of 
the mechanism which ensures independent views and input are 
available to it on an annual basis.
During the year, Mr. Meng Chao and Mr. Pang Chunlin were 
appointed as Non-executive director and Independent Non-
executive director respectively. They have obtained the legal 
advice pursuant to Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules and confirmed 
their understanding of their obligations as a director of a listed 
issuer.
The Directors have no financial, business, family or other 
material/relevant relationships among the members of the Board 
except that:
(i) Mr. Gao Wenbao is a director, a president and the vice  
chairman of the executive committee of the 10th Board of 
Directors of the BOE Group, and the chairman of Beijing 
Zhongxiangying Technology Co., Ltd. and other positions. 
Mr. Gao is also the group president and BOEU principal of 
the back-desk (business support system) of BOE, and the 
front-desk head of the display device and the IoT 
innovation business of BOE. Mr. Su Ning is a vice president 
of BOE Group and the general manager of the front-desk of 
automotive SBU of the display device and the IoT 
innovation business of BOE. Mr. Shao Xibin is the chief new 
product officer of the mid-desk of the technology and 
product of the mid-desk of the display device and the IoT 
innovation business of BOE, the deputy head of LCD 
product development centre of the mid-desk of the 
technology and product of the display device and the IoT 
innovation business of BOE, the deputy head of the mid-
desk of the technology and the product mid-desk terminal 
product and technology development of the display device 
and the IoT innovation business of BOE. Mr. Jin Hao is the 
deputy person in charge of the mid-desk of the planning 
and operation of the mid-desk of the display device and 
the IoT innovation business of BOE, the deputy head of the 
mid-desk of the production and marketing operation centre 
of the planning and operation of the mid-desk of the 
display device and the IoT innovation business of BOE, the 
team leader of business operation team of the domestic 
marketing platform area of the front-desk of the display 
device and the IoT innovation business of BOE. Mr. Meng 
Chao is the head of the financial operation management 
center in Display Devices and IoT Innovation Business of 
CFO organisation of the back-desk of BOE (business 
support system), the head of the back-desk (business 
support system) of CFO organisation of the budgeting 
center, and VCFO of the back-desk (business support 
system) of CFO organization.

===== PAGE 87 =====
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 085
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
REPORT
CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER
The roles of the Chairman of the Board, Mr. Gao Wenbao and the 
Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Su Ning are separated, with a clear 
division of responsibilities. The Chairman of the Board is 
responsible for formulating corporate strategies and overall 
business development planning. Chief Executive Officer’s duty is 
to oversee the execution of daily business activities. The division 
of responsibilities is to ensure a balance of power and authority.
The Vice Chairlady, Ms. Ko Wing Yan, Samantha, shall assist the 
Chairman of the Board in performing the latter’s duties and 
responsibilities. In particular, the Vice Chairlady shall take the 
important role in monitoring the implementation of the 
Company’s strategies. During the period when the Chairman is 
absent and the normal functions of the Chairman cannot be 
carried out, the Vice Chairlady will take the role as the acting 
Chairman until the Chairman resumes carrying out his normal 
duties or a new Chairman has been elected and appointed by the 
Board.
The division of responsibilities between the Chairman and the 
Chief Executive Officer are clearly established and set out in 
writing in March 2012.
TERM OF APPOINTMENT OF NON-
EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
All Non-executive Directors have been appointed for a term of 3 
years and all Independent Non-executive Directors have been 
appointed for a fixed term expiring on 31 December 2024 or such 
other date as agreed by the Independent Non-executive 
Directors. All Directors are subject to retirement by rotation at 
least once every 3 years under the Company’s Bye-laws.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTIONS
The Board is responsible for performing the corporate 
governance functions such as developing and reviewing the 
Company’s policies, practices on corporate governance, training 
and continuous professional development of the Directors and 
senior management of the Group, the Company’s policies and 
practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, 
code of conduct of employees and directors, and practices on 
compliance with the CG Code.
The Board held meetings from time to time whenever necessary. 
At least 14 days notice of regular Board meetings is given to all 
Directors and they can include matters for discussion in the 
agenda as they think fit. The agenda accompanying board papers 
are sent to all Directors at least 3 days before the date of every 
Board meeting in order to allow sufficient time for the Directors 
to review the documents.
Minutes of every Board meeting are circulated to all Directors for 
their perusal and comments prior to confirmation of the minutes. 
The Board also ensures that it is supplied in a timely manner with 
all necessary information in a form and of a quality appropriate to 
enable it to discharge its duties.
Every Board member has full access to the advice and services 
of the company secretary of the Company with a view to 
ensuring that board procedures, and all applicable rules and 
regulations are followed and they are also entitled to have full 
access to board papers and related materials so that they are 
able to make an informed decision and to discharge their duties 
and responsibilities.

===== PAGE 88 =====
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
086
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
REPORT
The AC meets and holds discussions with the directors and other 
senior management of the Group on the interim results and 
annual results as well as respective reports. The AC reviews and 
discusses the management’s report and representations with a 
review to ensure that the Group’s consolidated financial 
statements and prepared in accordance with accounting 
principles generally accepted in Hong Kong with reference to the 
terms of reference. It also considers reports from the Company’s 
external auditors, KPMG, on the scope and the outcome of their 
annual audit of the consolidated financial statements.
ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT
Financial Reporting
The management provides such explanation and information to 
the Board and reports regularly to the Board on financial position 
and prospects of the business of the Company so as to enable 
the Board to make an informed assessment of the financial and 
other information put before the Board for approval.
The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities (as set out in the 
Report of the Independent Auditor) for preparing the financial 
statements for each financial period with a view to ensuring such 
financial statements give a true and fair view of the state of 
affairs of the Group and of the results and cash flows for that 
period. The Company’s financial statements are prepared in 
accordance with all relevant statutory requirements and 
applicable accounting standards. The Directors are responsible 
for ensuring that appropriate accounting policies are selected 
and applied consistently; and that judgments and estimates 
made are prudent and reasonable. The Board was not aware of 
any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that 
might cast significant doubt upon the Group’s ability to continue 
as a going concern and the Board has prepared the financial 
statements on a going concern basis. The responsibility of the 
external auditor is to form an independent opinion, based on 
their audit, on those consolidated financial statements prepared 
by the Board and to report their opinion to the shareholders of 
the Company. The reporting responsibilities of KPMG are set out 
in the Report of the Independent Auditor on pages 117 to 122 of 
this Annual Report.
BOARD COMMITTEES
AUDIT COMMITTEE
The audit committee of the Company (the “AC”) comprises the 
following Independent Non-executive Directors: Mr. Fung, Yuk 
Kan Peter (Chairman of the AC), Mr. Chu, Howard Ho Hwa and 
Mr. Pang Chunlin as the date of this report. The AC is responsible 
for appointment of external auditors, review of the Group’s 
financial information and oversight of the Group’s financial 
reporting system, risk management and internal control systems. 
It is also responsible for reviewing the interim and annual results 
of the Group prior to recommending them to the Board for 
approval. It meets regularly to review financial reporting and 
internal control matters and to this end has unrestricted access 
to both the Company’s internal and external auditors. The terms 
of reference of the AC are available at the websites of the 
Company and the Stock Exchange.
The AC held 3 meetings in 2023 in which the Committee 
reviewed with management the accounting principles, estimates 
and practices adopted by the Group and discussed risk 
management, internal controls and financial reporting matters so 
as to ensure that an effective control and corporate governance 
environment is maintained. The number of AC meetings held 
during the year and record of individual attendance of members, 
on a named basis, at meetings held during is set out in the 
section headed “BOARD OF DIRECTORS” above in this report.
The AC also made its recommendation to the Board that the 
external auditors should be reappointed reviewed and approved 
the audit service, non-audit services, remuneration and the terms 
of engagement of the external auditors.
The internal and external auditors have unrestricted access to 
the AC, which ensures that their independence remains 
unimpaired. There were private meetings between the AC and 
external auditors for the best corporate governance purposes.
There is no disagreement between the Board and the AC on the 
selection, appointment, resignation or dismissal of the external 
auditors.

===== PAGE 89 =====
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 087
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
REPORT
The Company’s management encourages a risk aware and 
control conscious environment, setting objectives, performance 
targets or policies for the management of key risks including 
strategic planning, business operations, acquisitions, 
investments, legal and regulatory compliance, expenditure 
control, treasury, environment, health and safety, and customer 
service. The Company has a well-established organisational 
structure with defined levels of responsibility and authority and 
reporting procedures. There are inherent limitations in any 
systems of risk management and internal control and accordingly 
the Group’s risk management and internal control systems are 
designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to 
achieve business of objectives, and can only provide reasonable 
and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or 
loss.
The Executive Directors review operational and financial reports 
and key operating statistics and hold regular meetings with the 
management to review their reports.
Budgets are prepared annually by the management and are 
subject to review and approval by the Chief Executive Officer and 
then by the Executive Directors. Re-forecasts of operating results 
for the current year are prepared regularly, reviewed and 
approved by the Executive Directors and the Board.
The Group has established guidelines and procedures for the 
approval and control of expenditure. Operating expenditure is 
subject to overall budget control. Capital expenditure is subject 
to overall control within the approved budget of individual 
projects with more specific controls and approvals being required 
for overspending, unbudgeted expenditure and material 
expenditure within the approved budget. Regular reports of 
actual versus budgeted and approved expenditure are also 
reviewed.
The treasury function, overseeing the Group’s investment and 
funding activities, regularly reports to the Executive Directors on 
the Group’s cash and liquid investments, borrowings, outstanding 
contingent liabilities and financial derivatives commitments. The 
Board has reviewed and adopted a treasury policy governing the 
management of the financial risks of the Group (including interest 
rate risk, foreign exchange risk and liquidity risk) and the 
operational risks associated with such risk management 
activities.
INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT
The Board has overall responsibility for evaluating and 
determining the nature and extent of the risks they are willing to 
take in achieving the Group’s strategic objectives, overseeing the 
risk management and internal control systems including 
reviewing their effectiveness through the AC to ensure 
appropriate and effective risk management and internal control 
systems are in place. The Company has established an Internal 
Audit Department and the Risk Management Committee (the 
“RMC”). The RMC consists of representatives from operations 
departments, the Finance Department and the Internal Audit 
Department of the Company.
The AC assists the Board in meeting its responsibility for 
maintaining effective systems of risk management and internal 
control. The AC reviews all significant aspects of risk 
management and internal control, including financial, operational 
and compliance controls; the adequacy of resources, 
qualifications and experience, training programmes and budgets 
of the staff of the Group’s accounting, internal audit, and financial 
reporting functions, as well as those relating to the Company’s 
ESG performance and reporting. It reviews the process by which 
the Group evaluates its control environment and its risk 
assessment process, and the way in which business and control 
risks are managed. The AC reviews the effectiveness of the 
internal audit department and its annual work plans, and 
considers the reports of the RMC on the effectiveness of the 
systems of risk management and internal control. These reviews 
and reports are considered by the AC before it makes its 
recommendation to the Board for approval of the annual 
consolidated financial statements.
The risk management and internal control systems of the Group 
are reviewed at least semi-annually. During the year, the AC has 
reviewed the effectiveness of the risk management and internal 
control systems of the Group and considered the systems are 
effective and adequate.
Effective risk management is fundamental to the achievement of 
the Group’s strategic objectives, and an enterprise risk 
management framework is in place to provide top-down and 
bottom-up approaches to identify, assess, mitigate and monitor 
key risks in a pro-active and structured manner.

===== PAGE 90 =====
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
088
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
REPORT
Reports from the external auditor on material non-compliance 
with procedures and significant internal control weakness, if any, 
are presented to the AC. These reports are considered and 
reviewed and the appropriate action is to be taken if required.
Whistleblowing channel is established for employees and those 
who deal with the Group (e.g. customers and suppliers) to raise 
concerns, in confidence and anonymity, with the AC about 
possible improprieties in any matter related to the Group. For 
details, please refer to the section headed “Anti-Corruption” 
under the ESG Report.
There are also procedures including pre-clearance on dealing in 
the Group’s securities by designated Directors and key 
employees notification of regular blackout period and securities 
dealing restrictions to the Directors and key employees, and 
dissemination of information for specified purpose and on a 
need-to-know basis have been implemented to guard against 
possible mishandling of inside information within the Group.
AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION AND AUDITOR 
RELATED MATTERS
Total auditors’ remuneration in relation to audit and non-audit 
services provided to the Group amounted a sum of HK$3.9 million 
(2022: HK$3.9 million) was paid to KPMG. The auditor’s 
remuneration for audit services was HK$3.3 million (2022: HK$3.4 
million).
The non-audit services provided by the auditor of the Group are 
as follow:
2023 2022
HK$’000 HK$’000
Review services 586 462
Tax advisory services 31 30
   
617 492
   
The legal and company secretarial function reports to the Chief 
Executive Officer and the Board, and oversees, among other 
things, the Group’s compliance of the Listing Rules and other 
legal and regulatory requirements.
The internal audit department reports to the AC of the existence 
and effectiveness of the risk management activities and controls 
in the operations of the Group. Using risk assessment 
methodology and taking into account the scope and nature of 
the Group’s activities and changes in operating environment, 
Internal Audit prepares its yearly audit plan which is reviewed 
and approved by the AC. Internal Audit’s reports on the Group’s 
operations are also reviewed and considered by the AC. The 
scope of work on the Group performed by Internal Audit includes 
financial and operations review, recurring and unscheduled 
audits, fraud investigation, productivity and efficiency review and 
laws and regulations compliance review. Internal Audit follows 
up audit recommendations on implementation and the progress 
is reported to the AC.
With the assistance of Internal Audit, the Chief Executive Officer 
and the Executive Directors review, among other things, the 
profile of the significant risks (including ESG risks) and 
sustainability, and how these risks have been identified, 
evaluated and managed, the changes since the last semi-annual 
assessment in the nature and extent of significant risks and the 
Group’s ability to respond to changes in its business and the 
external environment, the scope and quality of management’s 
ongoing monitoring of the risk management and internal control 
systems. In addition, they review the work of internal audit 
department and other assurance providers, the extent and 
frequency of communication of monitoring results to the AC 
which enables it to assess control of the Group and the 
effectiveness of risk management, any significant failing or 
weaknesses in internal control that have been reported, the 
necessary actions that are being taken promptly to remedy any 
significant failings or weaknesses, and the effectiveness of the 
Group’s processes for financial reporting and Listing Rules 
compliance.

===== PAGE 91 =====
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 089
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
REPORT
REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR 
MANAGEMENT
The Directors’ remuneration is set out in Note 8 to the 
consolidated financial statements of this Annual Report.
Mr. Gao Wenbao is not be entitled to any salary for serving as the 
Chairman of the Board or any director’s fee or remuneration for 
his appointment as an executive Director.
Each of Mr. Shao, Mr. Jin and Mr. Meng has not entered into any 
service contract with the Company. The Company has entered 
into an appointment letter with each of them, pursuant to which 
each was appointed as a non-executive Director. The 
appointment for each of them is for a term of 3 years and is 
subject to retirement by rotation and re-election in accordance 
with the bye-laws of the Company. Each of them is entitled to an 
annual director’s fee of HK$200,000 which is determined by the 
RC and the Board with reference to each experience and the 
prevailing market director’s fees for non-executive directors. Mr. 
Shao, Mr. Jin and Mr. Meng have agreed to waive their respective 
annual director’s fee.
The remuneration paid to the members of the senior 
management (excluding directors) by bands in 2023 is set out 
below:
Remuneration bands
Number of
Individuals
HK$500,001 to HK$1,000,000 1
HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000 2
HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000 3
HK$2,000,001 to HK$2,500,000 2
HK$2,500,001 to HK$3,000,000 1
The RC and the Board have resolved to grant certain awarded 
shares to directors and employees of the Group for the long term 
development of the Group. For details of the grant, please refer 
to sections headed “Share Schemes and Directors’ and Chief 
Executives’ Right to Acquire Shares or Debentures” as set out in 
Report of the Directors for further information.
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
The remuneration committee of the Company (the “RC”) is 
responsible for setting and monitoring the remuneration policy 
for all Directors and senior management of the Group. The RC 
comprises Mr. Fung, Yuk Kan Peter (Chairman of the RC), Mr. Gao 
Wenbao, Ms. Ko Wing Yan, Samantha, Mr. Chu, Howard Ho Hwa 
and Mr. Pang Chunlin as the date of this report. There are more 
than half of the members are Independent Non-executive 
Directors. The terms of reference of the RC are available at the 
websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.
The roles and functions of the RC include consulting the 
Chairman of the Board about their remuneration proposals for 
other Executive Directors, making recommendation to the Board 
on the Company’s remuneration policy and structure for all 
Directors’ and senior management of the Group. The RC has 
adopted the approach under E.1.2(c) of the CG Code to make 
recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of 
individual Executive Director and senior management of the 
Group.
The Company’s remuneration policy is to link remuneration 
packages for Executive Directors and key executives with the 
achievement of annual and long-term performance goals. By 
providing competitive and performance-linked compensation, the 
Company seeks to attract, motivate and retain key executives, 
which is essential to its long-term success.
The RC held 6 meetings in 2023. During the meetings, the RC 
reviewed the Company’s remuneration policy and fixed the 
remuneration packages for the directors and senior management 
of the Group. No change has been proposed to the remuneration 
policy and the Directors’ remuneration. The number of RC 
meetings held during the year and record of individual 
attendance of members, on a named basis, at the meeting held 
is set out in the section headed “BOARD OF DIRECTORS” above in 
this report.

===== PAGE 92 =====
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
090
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
REPORT
BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY
The Board adopted the board diversity policy (the “Board 
Diversity Policy”) which to comply with the CG Code on board 
diversity. The Board Diversity Policy was adopted to ensure that 
diversity in its broadest sense continues to remain a feature of 
the Board. The NC’s assessment of the candidates includes, but 
is not limited to, consideration of the relevant knowledge and 
diversity of backgrounds, skills, experience and perspectives that 
would complement the existing Board. A summary of the Board 
Diversity Policy, together with the measurable objectives set for 
implementing it, and the progress made towards achieving those 
objectives are disclosed as below:
— Summary
The Company recognized and embraced the benefits of having a 
diverse board to the quality of its performance. The Board 
Diversity Policy aimed to set out the approach to achieve 
diversity on the board. In designing the board’s composition, 
board diversity has been considered from a number of 
measurable aspects including but not limited to gender, age, 
cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional 
experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. All Board 
appointments will be based on meritocracy, and candidates will 
be considered against objective criteria, having due regard for 
the benefits of diversity on the Board.
— Measurable objectives
Selection of candidates will be based on a range of diversity 
perspectives, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural 
and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, 
skills, knowledge, length of service and the amount of time and 
effort that candidates will devote to discharge their duties and 
responsibilities and, in the case of independent non-executive 
director(s), the independence requirements set out in the Listing 
Rules (as amended from time to time). The ultimate decision will 
be based on merit and contribution that the selected candidates 
will bring to the Board. It will not consider diversity to be achieved 
for a single gender board. The Board’s composition will be 
disclosed in the Corporate Governance Report annually.
NOMINATION COMMITTEE
The nomination committee of the Company (the “NC”) comprises 
Mr. Gao Wenbao (Chairman of the NC), Mr. Su Ning, Mr. Fung, 
Yuk Kan Peter, Mr. Chu, Howard Ho Hwa and Mr. Pang Chunlin 
as at the date of this report. Among those members of the NC, 
more than half of the members are Independent Non-executive 
Directors. The terms of reference of the NC are available at the 
websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.
The roles and functions of the NC include reviewing the structure, 
size and composition of the Board at least annually, making 
recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board to 
complement the Company’s corporate strategy, identifying 
individuals suitably qualified to become members of the Board 
and selecting individuals nominated for directorship (if 
necessary), assessing the independence of the Independent Non-
executive Directors and making recommendations to the Board 
on the appointment or re-appointment of directors and 
succession planning for the directors, in particular the Chairman 
of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer. New Directors are 
sought mainly through referrals. In evaluating whether an 
appointee is suitable to act as a Director of the Company, the 
Board will review the independence, experience and expertise of 
the appointee as well as personal ethics, integrity and time 
commitment of the appointee.
The NC held 4 meetings in 2023. Issues concerning the structure, 
size, composition of the Board and appointment of new directors 
were discussed and reviewed. The number of NC meetings held 
during the year and record of individual attendance of members, 
on a named basis, at the meetings held during is set out in the 
section headed “BOARD OF DIRECTORS” above in this report.

===== PAGE 93 =====
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 091
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
REPORT
INVESTMENT COMMITTEE
The investment committee of the Company (the “IC”) is 
established to source, review and select appropriate investment 
projects to achieve the Group’s advancement and transformation 
strategy. The IC is also responsible for the examine of the 
investment management risk policies, research of the Group’s 
capital policies and major financing plans. The IC comprises 9 
members, including Mr. Gao Wenbao (Chairman of the IC), Ms. 
Ko Wing Yan, Samantha and Mr. Su Ning and other management 
of the Company.
The Board has approved and authorized the IC to make decisions 
on investment projects with the authorization limits and period.
The terms of reference and operating rules of the Investment 
Committee was adopted and effective on 11 July 2022.
COMPANY SECRETARY
Mr. Chung Kai Cheong was appointed as the Company Secretary 
of the Company in April 2022. The Company Secretary is 
responsible for that board procedures comply with applicable 
laws, rules and regulations and advising the Board on corporate 
governance and other matters. The Company Secretary reports 
to the Board through the Chairman whilst all Directors have rights 
to access to the advice and service of the Company Secretary. 
The biographical details of Mr. Chung are set out under the 
section head “Board of Directors and Senior Management” in this 
Annual Report.
Mr. Chung has taken no less than 15 hours of relevant 
professional training during the financial year ended 31 
December 2023 and has complied with the requirement as set 
out in Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.
— Implementation and Monitoring
The Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing the 
structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge 
and experience) of the Board at least annually, taking into 
account the benefits of all relevant diversity aspects and making 
recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board to 
complement the Company’s corporate strategy. The Nomination 
Committee will report annually, in the Corporate Governance 
Report, on the Board’s composition under diversified 
perspectives, and monitor the implementation of the Board 
Diversity Policy.
— Reviewing
The Nomination Committee will review the Board Diversity Policy, 
as appropriate, to ensure its effectiveness. The Nomination 
Committee will discuss any revisions that may be required, and 
recommend any such revisions to the Board for consideration 
and approval.
The Board constitutes male and female directors, age of different 
group, knowledge from business development, auditing, 
accounting and finance, corporate finance, technology 
development, products, etc. and it is considered there is enough 
diversity.
The Board should review the implementation and effectiveness 
of the Board Diversity Policy on board diversity on an annual 
basis.
We target to maintain the current level of female representation 
on the Board as we considered the existing board composition to 
be sufficiently diverse.
We are also committed to diversity and inclusion at the workforce 
level, recruiting employees and summer interns from diverse 
backgrounds.

===== PAGE 94 =====
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
092
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
REPORT
— At least 14 clear days’ and not less than 10 clear business 
days’ notice in writing if the proposal constitutes an 
ordinary resolution of the Company.
— Right to put enquiries to the Board
Members of the Company do not generally have any right to put 
forward enquiries to the Board. There is no procedure set out in 
the Bermuda Companies Act 1981 or in the Bye-Laws of the 
Company available for any member to put forward an enquiry to 
the Board. A member of the Company may, of course, at any 
time write to the Board and it is up to the Board to decide 
whether or not to entertain any request made by a member of 
the Company.
Members of the Company who have enquiries about the above 
procedures or have enquiries to put to the Board may write to 
the company secretary of the Company at Units A – F, 35/F., 
Legend Tower, No. 7 Shing Yip Street, Kwun Tong, Kowloon, Hong 
Kong.
— Right to put forward proposals at 
shareholders’ meetings
Member(s) of the Company holding (i) not less than one-twentieth 
of the total voting rights of all members having the right to vote 
at the shareholders’ meeting; or (ii) not less than 100 members, 
can submit a written request stating the resolution intended to 
be moved at an AGM; or a statement of not more than 1,000 
words with respect to the matter referred to in any proposed 
resolution or the business to be dealt with at a particular 
shareholders’ meeting.
The written request/statements must be signed by the member(s) 
concern and deposited at the Registered Office or the Principal 
Office, for the attention of the company secretary of the 
Company, not less than six weeks before the AGM in the case of 
a requisition requiring notice of a resolution and not less than 
one week before the shareholders’ meeting in the case of any 
other requisition.
SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
The general meetings of the Company provide an opportunity for 
communication between the shareholders of the Company and 
the Board. The Company holds an annual general meeting 
(“AGM”) every year, and may hold a general meeting known as 
an extraordinary general meeting (“EGM”) whenever necessary.
— Right to convene EGM
Members of the Company holding at the date of deposit of the 
requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid-up capital of the 
Company carrying the right of voting at general meetings of the 
Company shall at all times have the right, by written requisition 
sent to the Company’s registered office at Clarendon House, 2 
Church Street, Hamilton HM11, Bermuda (the “Registered Office”) 
or its principal office at Units A – F, 35/F., Legend Tower, No. 7 
Shing Yip Street, Kwun Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong (the “Principal 
Office”), for the attention of the company secretary of the 
Company, to require an EGM to be called by the Board for the 
transaction of any business specified in such requisition; and 
such meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit 
of such requisition.
The written requisition must state the purposes of the general 
meeting, signed by the member(s) concerned and may consist of 
several documents in like form, each signed by one or more of 
those members.
If the requisition is in order, the company secretary of the 
Company will ask the Board to convene an EGM by serving 
sufficient notice in accordance with the statutory requirements 
to all the registered members. On the contrary, if the requisition 
is invalid, the members concerned will be advised of this 
outcome and accordingly, an EGM will not be convened as 
requested.
The notice period to be given to all the registered members for 
consideration of the proposal raised by the member(s) concerned 
at an EGM varies according to the nature of the proposal, as 
follows:
— At least 21 clear days’ and not less than 10 clear business 
days’ notice in writing if the proposal constitutes a special 
resolution of the Company, which cannot be amended 
other than to a mere clerical amendment to correct a 
patent error; and

===== PAGE 95 =====
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 093
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
REPORT
The Company has reviewed the implementation and 
effectiveness of the shareholders’ communication policy 
conducted during the year and believes that the current 
communication policy has been effective at maintaining clear 
and timely communication with its shareholders and 
stakeholders.
Various on-line and off-line communication formats and channels 
are adopted by the Group, such as announcement, shareholders’ 
meeting, video or voice conferences, seller-side organized off-
line seminar and non-deal roadshow etc. to communicate with 
various stakeholders such as analysts, retail and institutional 
investors. These communication channels served to reinforce 
understanding and trust between the Group and the capital 
market. Meanwhile our management also gained better 
knowledge of the expectations and demands from the capital 
market on the Group. We will seriously consider and put into 
practice all constructive suggestions. In 2023, the Group 
participated in more than 300 investor relations’ events, including 
but not limited to, post-results roadshows, self-organized investor 
day, investor conferences/corporate days, individual meetings 
and conference calls. Currently, there are 14 equity research 
analysts actively covering the Group.
The AGM is an important opportunity for communicating with 
shareholders. The Company’s Chairman, Directors, senior 
management and the external auditors are available at the AGM 
to answer questions from shareholders of the Company. The 
chairmen of the audit, remuneration, nomination and any other 
committees (as appropriate) are invited to attend. The chairman 
of the independent board committee and senior management (if 
applicable) is/are available to answer questions at any general 
meeting to approve a connected transaction or any other 
transaction that requires independent shareholders’ approval.
PROTECTION OF THE RIGHTS OF THE 
INVESTORS
BOEVx places a high premium on information disclosure and 
investor relations management. We publish interim and annual 
result reports as well as circulate other announcements where 
necessary. The Company communicates with investors on a 
periodic basis and actively shares the investors’ suggestions and 
feedback about the Company’s products, operations and 
governance with internal teams so as to maximize the protection 
of the investors’ rights.
If the written request is in order, the company secretary of the 
Company will ask the Board (i) to include the resolution in the 
agenda for an AGM; or (ii) to circulate the statement for the 
shareholders’ meeting, provided that the member(s) concerned 
have deposited a sum of money reasonably determined by the 
Board sufficient to meet the Company’s expenses in serving the 
notice of the resolution and/or circulating the statement 
submitted by the member(s) concerned in accordance with the 
statutory requirements to all the registered members. On the 
contrary, if the requisition is invalid or the member(s) concerned 
have failed to deposit sufficient money to meet the Company’s 
expenses for the said purposes, the member(s) concerned will be 
advised of this outcome and accordingly, the proposed resolution 
will not be included in the agenda for the AGM; or the statement 
will not be circulated for the shareholders’ meeting.
The procedures for shareholders of the Company to propose a 
person for election as a director is posted on the Company’s 
website.
INVESTOR RELATIONS
The Company has adopted a shareholders’ communication policy 
with the objective of ensuring that the shareholders of the 
Company and stakeholders will have equal and timely access to 
information about the Company. The Group adhere to the best 
practice in information disclosure in terms of accuracy, 
transparency and consistency. We are committed to maintaining 
highly honest, sincere and effective communication with the 
financial community and other stakeholders.
The Company will make the Corporate Communications available 
on its website (www.boevx.com  ) and the Stock Exchange’s  
website (www.hkexnews.hk ).
A notice of publication of the website version of Corporate 
Communications, in both English and Chinese, will be sent by the 
Company to the Shareholders by email or by post (if the 
Company does not possess the functional email address of the 
Shareholder) on the publication date of the Corporate 
Communications at the election of the Shareholder.
The Group aimed to have proactive and timely communications 
with investor regarding the market and industry development, 
impact and corresponding measures of the Group. Our goals are 
to deepen investors’ understanding of the Group’s strategies, 
and through the effective communication, we are able to raise 
the quality of our management and to maximize the Group’s 
value.

===== PAGE 96 =====
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
094
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
REPORT
PUBLIC RELATIONS MEDIA COMMUNICATION FORMS AND CHANNELS
Two-wheeler
business exhibition
Great Wall Motor 
Innovation Day
CES
CCID Forum
Intelligent Cockpit 
Ecological Forum
Two-wheeler
cooperative research 
and discussion event
Chengdu TV
interview
Media event at vehicle
assembly plant
Aston Martin
media event
Launch of
Rising Auto R7
CMS mass
production
Launch of
Changan A07
GAC Aion Innovation 
Contribution Award
Chongqing YAZAKI 
Excellent Partner Award
Wonder Lab of
Worry Solutions
Exhibition/
Innovation Day
Launch of 
new productsForum Media Awards Variety Shows
Major Publicity Events in 2023
Comprehensively showcasing the solid foundation of the Company’s intelligent cockpit, the leading global intelligent cockpit 
display technology, as well as innovative application scenarios for the future-oriented “HERO” cockpit intelligent interaction. 
Through extensive media coverage and widespread dissemination across the Internet, it has gained broad, in-depth, and 
precise communication eﬀects and attracted high attention.
• Group public account/video account
• Group cooperative media
• Company oﬃcial website
• Cooperation with third-party institutions
• The Company’s own WeChat public account platform
• Related display/smart cockpit/cooperation with
 automotive industry professional media
News Release Video/Live Stream/
Media Event/
Interview
Promotional
Poster
Stock
Investment
Financial
Statements
KOL
Check-in

===== PAGE 97 =====
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 095
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
REPORT
HONOURS
5 9
3
8
4
1
2
1 Harman Best Technology Award
2 Schneider Electric 2023 High Quality Supplier
3 2023 Leapmotor Global Partner Conference Pioneering Innovation Award
4 Oxide technology won the 8th Lingxuan Award
5 Chongqing YAZAKI Excellent Partner Award
6 GAC Aion Outstanding Collaboration Award
7 NETA Auto Outstanding Collaboration Award
8 Xiaopeng Outstanding Supplier Award
9 Hangsheng Group Outstanding Partnership Award
6
7

===== PAGE 98 =====
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
096
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
REPORT
Exhibitions/Talks/Seminars
BOEVx made appearance at CES once again, creating a new 
cockpit experience with “screen-based car connectivity”
BOEVx co-host the Intelligent and Electrification Innovation 
Collaboration Seminar for Two-Wheeler Vehicles in the 
Chengdu-Chongqing region
Empowering a New Trend of Smart and Enjoyable Travel — 
BOEVx was invited to attend the CCID Forum and deliver a 
keynote speech on smart cabins
2023 SID | BOE Vehicle Display Products Leading the Next Wave 
of Cabin Display Transformation
BOE made a collective appearance with numerous automotive 
industry partners
BOEx was invited to attend the International Automotive 
Display Summit and proudly showcased their new generation 
AR-HUD solution
BOEVx was invited to attend and deliver a speech at the Smart 
Cabin Industry Alliance Technology Exchange Conference
Smart Cabin Display Empowers Intelligent Travel — BOEVx was 
invited to attend the 2023 Jiangxi Capital Market Summit Forum 
and deliver a speech
REHEO | Innovating to Empower Better Travel in Multiple 
Scenarios
New Technology, New Ecology, New Trends — BOEVx was 
invited to attend the Beijing Station of the Smart Cabin Industry 
Alliance Conference and deliver a speech
BOEVx was invited to attend the inaugural Hefei Vehicle Display 
Integration and Development Forum and deliver a speech
BOEVx attended the 5th Flexible Electronics Industry 
Development Conference and delivered a speech
Collaborations
BOE and Great Wall Motors join hands to discuss smart cabins BOE collaborates with Changan Nevo to create a new digital 
intelligent cabin experience
BOEVx and Nexchip Semiconductor Corporation signed a 
strategic framework agreement for automotive chip integration, 
aiming to promote the integrated development of “vehicle, 
chip, and display” technologies.
BOEVx entered into a partnership with BYD to explore 
innovative cabin display solutions, paving the way for 
advancements in in-vehicle display technology
BOE collaborates with Xiaopeng to make driving smarter BOEVx enters into a partnership with Chery Automobile
to showcase new heights in car display technology
BOEVx unveiled the first 45-inch 8K panoramic display 
integrated in the Geely Galaxy E8, setting a new benchmark for 
future intelligent travel in collaboration with Geely
We are grateful to all stakeholders for their remarkable support. If you have any questions or comments with regards to our work, 
please contact us at investor@boevx.com  . All questions or comments will be replied to the extent permitted by applicable laws,  
regulations and the Listing Rules.
CHANGE OF CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENT
During the year ended 31 December 2023, there had been no significant change in the Company’s constitutional documents.

===== PAGE 99 =====
REPORT OF
THE DIRECTORS
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 097
REPORT OF 
THE DIRECTORS
SUBSIDIARIES
Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries as at 31 
December 2023 are set out in Note 15(a) to the financial 
statements.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 
and the state of affairs of the Company and the Group at that 
date are set out in the financial statements on pages 123 to 182 
of this Annual Report.
DIVIDEND AND DIVIDEND POLICY
The Board has recommended declaring a final dividend of 19.0 
HK cents (2022: 23.0 HK cents) per share, representing a total of 
19.0 HK cents (2022: 23.0 HK cents) per share for the year ended 
2023.
The Board has approved and adopted a dividend policy on 1 
January 2019 (the “Dividend Policy”). Under the Dividend Policy, 
subject to compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations 
and the bye-laws of the Company, the Company intends to 
maintain a stable dividend policy in future with a dividend payout 
ratio of not less than 30%. The Dividend Policy will continue to be 
reviewed from time to time and there can be no assurance that 
dividends will be paid in any particular amount for any given 
period. The determination to pay dividends in the future will be 
made at the discretion of the Board and will be based on the 
profits, cash flows, financial condition, capital requirements and 
other conditions that the Board deems relevant. The payment of 
dividends may be limited by legal restrictions and agreements 
that the Company may enter into in the future.
The Group has no change in the Dividend Policy for the year 
ended 2023.
ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (“AGM”)
The AGM will be held on Tuesday, 25 June 2024. The notice of 
AGM will be published and despatched to the shareholders of the 
Company in the manner as required by the Listing Rules in due 
course.
The Directors have pleasure in submitting herewith their report 
together with the audited financial statements of the Group for 
the year ended 31 December 2023.
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND BUSINESS 
REVIEW
The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The 
Group is principally engaged in the automotive and industrial 
display business and has monochrome display manufacturing 
capacity and TFT module assembly capacity. Since its 
incorporation, the Company has been combining scientific and 
technological research, innovative product design, flexible 
product specifications and efficient manufacturing for many 
applications, including automotive components, industrial and 
consumer products, also providing complete display solutions for 
its customers. In addition to supplying standard products, the 
Group also provides tailor-made LCDs (liquid crystal display) and 
modules for the specific needs of its customers. Particulars of 
the Company’s principal subsidiaries set out in Note 15(a) to the 
financial statements of this Annual Report. Further discussion 
and analysis of the Group’s activities as required by Schedule 5 
to the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622 of The Laws of Hong 
Kong), including a discussion of the principal risks and 
uncertainties facing the Group, an indication of likely future 
developments in the Group’s business and an analysis using 
financial key performance indicators, can be found in Chairman’s 
Statement on pages 5 to 18, Management Discussion and 
Analysis on pages 19 to 23, Review of Operations on pages 24 to 
29, Environmental, Social and Governance Report on pages 30 to 
75, and Notes 28(e) and 29 to the financial statements of this 
Annual Report.
A discussion on the Group’s key relationships with its 
stakeholders, environmental policies and performance, and its 
compliance with the relevant laws and regulations that have a 
significant impact on the Group is contained in Environmental, 
Social and Governance Report on pages 30 to 75 of this Annual 
Report. These discussions form part of this Directors’ Report.
The analysis of the principal activities, revenue by delivery 
locations and revenue by location of sourcing decision of 
customers of the Group during the financial year are set out in 
Notes 4 and 12(b) to the financial statements and page 28 of this 
Annual Report.

===== PAGE 100 =====
098
 Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
REPORT OF
THE DIRECTORS
CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
The register of members of the Company will be closed from 
Wednesday, 19 June 2024 to Tuesday, 25 June 2024 (both days 
inclusive), during which period no transfer of shares will be 
registered. In order to be eligible to attend and vote at the 
forthcoming AGM, all transfers of shares accompanied by the 
relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s 
Hong Kong branch share registrar and transfer office, 
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited 
(“Computershare”), of Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell 
Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong not later 
than 4:30 p.m. on Tuesday, 18 June 2024.
Subject to the shareholders approving the recommended final 
dividend at the AGM of the Company, such dividend will be 
payable on or around Friday, 19 July 2024 to shareholders whose 
names appear on the register of members of the Company on 
Friday, 12 July 2024. To determine eligibility for the final dividend, 
the register of members of the Company will be closed from 
Tuesday, 9 July 2024 to Friday, 12 July 2024 (both days inclusive), 
during which period no shares can be registered. In order to 
qualify for the aforementioned final dividend, all transfers of 
shares accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be 
lodged with Computershare, of Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor, 
Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong 
not later than 4:30 p.m. on Monday, 8 July 2024.
SHARE CAPITAL AND SHARE SCHEMES
Details of the movements in the share capital and share scheme 
of the Company during the year are set out in Note 28(c), 27(a) 
and 27(b) respectively to the financial statements.
CHARITABLE DONATIONS
Charitable donations made by the Group during the year 
amounted to HK$83,172 (2022: HK$183,185).
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Movements in property, plant and equipment during the year are 
set out in Note 13 to the financial statements.
RESERVES
Details of movements in reserves of the Company during the 
year are set out in Note 28(a) to the financial statements. Details 
of movements in reserves of the Group during the year are set 
out in the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity.
COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND 
REGULATIONS
The Group recognises the importance of the compliance with the 
laws and regulations in commercial activities, and the failure to 
comply could result in serious risk and consequences. The Group 
has reasonably allocated legal, corporate governance, financial 
and human resources, in particular, the setting up of the 
compliance and risk management team, to ensure ongoing 
compliance with respective requirements of the laws and 
regulations and the policies. Meanwhile, the Group maintains 
good relationships with Government regulators through effective 
communication. During the year under review, to the best of our 
knowledge, the Group has complied with the following salient 
PRC laws and regulations, namely the Foreign Investment Law, 
the Company Law, the Environmental Protection Law, Control of 
Foreign Exchange Regulations and other relevant laws and 
regulations.
The Group is also committed to the compliance with the following 
salient laws and regulations in Hong Kong, including but not 
limited to the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of 
Hong Kong), the Listing Rules, the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) and has been 
working with external professionals to develop internal guidelines 
and educating its employees so as to ensure that the Group and 
its employees will adopt business practices that are compliant 
with the relevant laws from time to time.

===== PAGE 101 =====
099
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
REPORT OF
THE DIRECTORS
(A)(I) INTERESTS IN SHARES OF THE COMPANY 
AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2023
Name of Director Capacity
Number of
shares in the
Company held
Approximate
percentage of 
the total issued 
share capital of 
the Company 
(Note 6)
Ko Wing Yan,
 Samantha (Note 1)
Personal 
Interest
1,360,100 0.1718%
Su Ning (Note 2) Personal 
Interest
1,464,300 0.1850%
Fung, Yuk Kan Peter
 (Note 3)
Personal 
Interest
221,000 0.0279%
Chu, Howard Ho Hwa
 (Note 4)
Personal 
Interest
69,000 0.0087%
Notes:
1. 24,000 awarded shares of the Company were granted to Ms. Ko Wing  
Yan, Samantha on 22 March 2024. Please refer to the (B)(II) Share Award 
Plan of “Share Schemes and Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Rights to 
Acquire Shares or Debentures” section of the Report of Directors.
2. 119,000 awarded shares of the Company were granted to Mr. Su Ning 
on 22 March 2024. Please refer to the (B)(II) Share Award Plan of “Share 
Schemes and Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Rights to Acquire Shares 
or Debentures” section of the Report of Directors.
3. 30,000 awarded shares of the Company were granted to Mr. Fung, Yuk 
Kan Peter on 22 March 2024. Please refer to the (B)(II) Share Award Plan 
of “Share Schemes and Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Rights to 
Acquire Shares or Debentures” section of the Report of Directors.
4. 30,000 awarded shares of the Company were granted to Mr. Chu,  
Howard Ho Hwa on 22 March 2024. Please refer to the (B)(II) Share 
Award Plan of “Share Schemes and Directors’ and Chief Executives’ 
Rights to Acquire Shares or Debentures” section of the Report of 
Directors.
5. 30,000 awarded shares of the Company were granted to Mr. Pang  
Chunlin on 22 March 2024. Please refer to the (B)(II) Share Award Plan 
of “Share Schemes and Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Rights to 
Acquire Shares or Debentures” section of the Report of Directors.
6. Calculated based on the Company’s total number of issued share 
capital of 791,575,204 shares as at 31 December 2023.
DIRECTORS
The Directors during the financial year and up to the date of this 
Annual Report were:
EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS:
Mr. Gao Wenbao (Chairman)
Ms. Ko Wing Yan, Samantha
Mr. Su Ning
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS:
Mr. Shao Xibin
Mr. Jin Hao
Mr. Meng Chao
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS:
Mr. Fung, Yuk Kan Peter
Mr. Chu, Howard Ho Hwa
Mr. Pang Chunlin (appointed on 7 April 2023)
In accordance with bye-law 84 of the Company, Mr. Shao Xibin, 
Mr. Jin Hao and Mr. Chu, Howard Ho Hwa will retire by rotation at 
the forthcoming annual general meeting (the “AGM”). All the 
above-mentioned retiring Directors, being eligible, will offer 
themselves for re-election at the AGM.
DIRECTORS OF SUBSIDIARIES
List of directors of subsidiaries of the Company during the year 
and up to the date of this report is kept at the Company’s 
principal place of business.
DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ 
INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN 
SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND 
DEBENTURES
As at 31 December 2023, the interests of the Directors and chief 
executive of the Company and their associates in the shares, 
underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its 
associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the 
Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)), as required to be 
notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to 
Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and 
short positions which they are taken or deemed to have under 
such provisions of the SFO), as recorded in the register required 
to be maintained by the Company under Section 352 of the SFO 
or as required, pursuant to the Model Code to be notified to the 
Company and the Stock Exchange were as follows:

===== PAGE 102 =====
100
 Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
REPORT OF
THE DIRECTORS
associated corporations as recorded in the register required to 
be kept under Section 352 of Part XV of the SFO or as otherwise 
notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the 
Model Code.
SHARE SCHEMES AND DIRECTORS’ AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ RIGHTS TO 
ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
(B)(I) INTERESTS IN SHARE OPTIONS OF THE 
COMPANY (LAPSED ON 2 JUNE 2023)
Purpose
This is to provide the Group with a flexible means of giving 
incentive to rewarding, remunerating, compensating and/or 
providing benefits to the participants.
Participant
Participant(s) refers to the full time or part time employees of the 
Group (including any directors, whether executive or non-
executive and whether independent or not, of the Company or 
any of its subsidiary) and any suppliers, consultants, agents and 
advisers or any person who, in the sole discretion of the Board, 
has contributed or may contribute to the Group eligible for share 
options under the share option scheme.
Total Number of Shares Available for Issue
The maximum number of shares in respect of which share 
options may be granted under the share option schemes of the 
Company may not exceed 10.00% of the issued share capital of 
the Company at the date of approval of the share option 
schemes.
The total number of share options available for grant is 
28,391,520 and 28,891,520, representing 3.59%* and 3.65%* of 
the issued share capital of the Company at the beginning and the 
end of the financial year of 2023 respectively. The total number 
of shares available for issue under the share option scheme 
(lapsed on 2 June 2023) as at 31 December 2023 represents Nil% 
(2022: 0.08%*) of the issued share capital of the Company at that 
date. Further details of the share option schemes are set out in 
Note 27(a) to the financial statements.
* Calculated based on the Company’s total number of issued share 
capital of 791,575,204 shares as at 31 December 2023.
(A)(II) INTERESTS IN SHARES OF BOE 
TECHNOLOGY GROUP CO., LTD. (“BOE”) 
(AN ASSOCIATED CORPORATION) AS AT 31 
DECEMBER 2023 (NOTE 1)
Name of Director Capacity
Number of A
shares in BOE 
held
Approximate 
percentage of 
the total issued 
share capital of 
BOE (Note 6)
Gao Wenbao Personal 
Interest
1,860,700
(Note 2)
0.0049%
Su Ning Personal 
Interest
150,000 0.0004%
Shao Xibin Personal 
Interest
687,600
(Note 3)
0.0018%
Jin Hao Personal 
Interest
379,500
(Note 4)
0.0010%
Meng Chao Personal 
Interest
537,500
 (Note 5)
0.0014%
Notes:
1. BOE holds 419,730,000 shares of the Company, representing 53.02% of 
the issued share capital of the Company. The shares of BOE are listed 
on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange with stock code 000725 for its A 
shares and stock code 200725 for its B shares.
2. On 21 December 2020, BOE granted 1,500,000 shares to Mr. Gao under 
the 2020 share option and restricted share incentive scheme.
3. On 21 December 2020, BOE granted 634,000 shares to Mr. Shao under 
the 2020 share option and restricted share incentive scheme.
4. On 21 December 2020, BOE granted 575,000 shares to Mr. Jin under the 
2020 share option and restricted share incentive scheme.
5. On 21 December 2020, BOE granted 487,500 shares to Mr. Meng under 
the 2020 share option and restricted share incentive scheme.
6. Calculated based on BOE’s total number of issued share capital of  
37,652,529,195 shares as at 31 December 2023.
7. All the interests disclosed above represent long positions.
Other than the aforesaid and as disclosed under the section 
headed “Share Schemes and Directors’ and Chief Executives’ 
Rights to Acquire Shares or Debentures” below, as at 31 
December 2023, none of the Directors, chief executives or any of 
their associates had any interests or short positions in the shares, 
underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its 

===== PAGE 103 =====
101
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
REPORT OF
THE DIRECTORS
A fourth share option scheme of the Company was adopted on 3 
June 2013. It shall be valid and effective for a period of 10 years 
and has a remaining life of up to 2 June 2023. The share option 
scheme has expired on 2 June 2023. During the year, no share 
option was granted under the fourth share option scheme.
Exercise Period
There is no performance target which must be achieved and no 
minimum period for the share options to be held before any of 
the share options can be exercised, unless otherwise specified 
by the Board at the time of grant.
Payment on Acceptance of the Share Option
The Participant shall pay the Company HK$1.00, as the 
consideration, for the grant of share options on acceptance of 
share option offer within 28 days after the offer date.
Basis of Determining the Exercise Price
Subscription price of the shares in relation to a share option shall 
not be less than the higher of (i) the closing price of the shares as 
stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheets on the date 
on which the share option is offered to the participants, which 
must be a business day; (ii) the average of the closing prices of 
the shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotation 
sheets for the 5 trading days immediately preceding the date of 
offer; and (iii) the nominal value of the shares.
Maximum Entitlement of Each Participant
Unless approved by the Shareholders, the maximum entitlement 
of each participant in the total number of shares issued and to be 
issued upon exercise of share options granted under the share 
option scheme of the Company in any 12-month period shall not 
exceed 1.00% of the total number of shares in issue.
Where any grant of share options to a substantial shareholder or 
an independent non-executive director of the Company or any of 
their respective associates, would result in the shares issued or 
to be issued upon exercise of all share options already granted or 
to be granted (including share options exercised, cancelled and 
outstanding) to such person in the 12-month period up to and 
including the date of such grant: (a) representing in aggregate 
over 0.1% of shares of the Company in issue; and (b) having an 
aggregate value, based on the closing price of the shares of the 
Company at the date of each grant, in excess of HK$5 million.
Each grant of share options to the participant who is a director, 
chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company, or 
any of their respective associates, under the share option 
scheme must be approved by the independent non-executive 
directors of the Company (excluding any independent non-
executive director of the Company who is the proposed grantee 
of the share options).
Share Option Period and Remaining Life
On 6 June 1991, the Company adopted a share option scheme. It 
was subsequently amended on 8 June 1999 and expired on 5 
June 2001.
A second share option scheme of the Company was adopted on 
22 June 2001 and terminated on 12 May 2003.
A third share option scheme of the Company was adopted on 12 
May 2003. The third share option scheme limit was subsequently 
refreshed by a resolution passed at the annual general meeting 
held on 2 June 2010. The maximum number of share options that 
can be granted by the Company was refreshed to 32,342,220 
share options. This scheme expired on 11 May 2013.

===== PAGE 104 =====
102
 Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
REPORT OF
THE DIRECTORS
Movements in the Company’s share options during the year are as follows:
Category Date of grant
Number of
share options 
as at 
1 January 
2023
Number of 
share options 
granted 
during 
the year
Number of 
share options 
cancelled/
lapsed during 
the year
Number of
share options 
exercised 
during 
the year 
(Note 2)
Number of
share options 
as at 
31 December 
2023
Exercisable 
period
Price per share
to be paid on 
exercise of 
share options
Market value
per share at 
dates of grant 
of share
options
Weighted
average closing 
price of share 
options 
immediately 
before the 
dates on which 
the share 
options were 
exercised
Directors 24 January 2019 0 – – – 0 (Note 1) HK$2.00 HK$2.00 N/A
          
Employees
 (Note 3)
24 January 2019 665,000 – 500,000
(Note 4)
165,000 0 (Note 1) HK$2.00 HK$2.00 HK$14.76
           
Notes:
1. Exercise period:
(i) the first 40% of the options shall be exercised from 1 February 2020 to 31 January 2023;
(ii) the second 30% of the options shall be exercised from 1 February 2021 to 31 January 2023; and
(iii) the remaining 30% of the options shall be exercised from 1 February 2022 to 31 January 2023.
2. There is no outstanding unexercised share option.
3. No share options were granted during the financial year of 2023. The information for the 5 highest paid individuals is not app licable.
4. The share options are lapsed.
5. All the interests disclosed above represent long positions.
The value per share option granted was HK$0.59 and the fair value was measured based on the market price of the Company’s shares 
at the respective grant date. No expected dividends were incorporated into the measurement of fair value. Information on the 
accounting policy for the grant of share options is provided in the accounting policy Note 2(r) on page 139 of this Annual Report.

===== PAGE 105 =====
103
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
REPORT OF
THE DIRECTORS
At the end of the financial year of 2023, the total number of 
awarded shares that can be granted was 2,491,000 and 
63,635,520 (after deducting the 662,000 awarded shares granted 
on 22 March 2023), based on the accumulated number of shares 
of the Company purchased in so far and the maximum number 
of awarded shares that can be granted at the Adoption Date, 
representing 0.31%* and 8.04%* respectively of the issued share 
capital of the Company.
Subsequent to the financial year to 2 April 2024, the latest 
practicable date:
— the Board has granted a total of 2,047,000 awarded shares 
(representing 0.26%* of the issued share capital of the 
Company) to the certain selected participants, comprising 
5 Directors and certain employees of the Group on 22 
March 2024, pursuant to the share award plan.
— 1,000,000 shares (representing 0.13%* of the issued share 
capital of the Company) are purchased in March 2024. 
Total number of shares of the Company purchased is 
13,373,000 (representing 1.69%* of the issued share capital 
of the Company) under the share award plan.
* Calculated based on the Company’s total number of issued share 
capital of 791,575,204 shares as at 31 December 2023, 22 March 2024 
and the latest practicable date.
Maximum Entitlement of Each Participant
The maximum number of shares to be subscribed for and/or 
purchased for the share award plan shall not exceed 10.00% of 
the total number of issued shares of the Company as at the 
Adoption Date.
The maximum number of shares which may be subject to an 
award or awards to a selected participant shall not in aggregate 
exceed 1.00% of the total number of issued shares of the 
Company as at the Adoption Date.
(B)(II) SHARE AWARD PLAN
Purpose
On 28 August 2020 (the “Adoption Date”), the Company adopted 
a share award plan. The purposes of the Share Award Plan are to 
recognise and reward the contribution of the participants, to give 
incentives to the participants in order to retain them for the 
continual operation and development of the Group and to attract 
suitable personnel for further development of the Group.
Participant
Participant(s) refers to the Group’s and invested entity’s 
employees, directors and adviser, and any other group or classes 
of participants who have contributed or may contribute by way 
of joint venture, business alliance or other business arrangement 
to the development and growth of the Group.
Total Number of Shares Available for Issue
During the year, no shares were purchased. Total number of 
shares of the Company purchased is 12,373,000 (representing 
1.56%* of the issued share capital of the Company) under the 
share award plan.
On 22 March 2023, the Board has granted a total of 662,000 
awarded shares (representing 0.08%* of the issued share capital 
of the Company) to the certain selected participants, comprising 
2 Directors and certain employees of the Group, pursuant to the 
share award plan.
The total number of awarded shares that was purchased and 
remain available for grant is 3,153,000 and 2,491,000 as of 1 
January and 31 December 2023, representing 0.40%* and 0.31%* 
of the issued share capital of the Company respectively.

===== PAGE 106 =====
104
 Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
REPORT OF
THE DIRECTORS
Payment on Acceptance of the Awarded Shares
Consideration of the awarded shares granted is nil. The 
participants are required to submit to the Company a duly signed 
offer letter.
Basis of Determining the Purchase Price
The shares may be purchased on the Stock Exchange at the 
prevailing market price (subject to such maximum price as may 
be from time to time prescribed by the Board), or off the market. 
In the event that any purchases, the purchase price for such 
purchases shall not be higher than the lower of the following: (i) 
the closing market price on the date of such purchase, and (ii) 
the average closing market price for the five preceding trading 
days on which the shares were traded on the Stock Exchange.
Awarded Share Period and Remaining Life
The Share Award Plan shall be valid and effective for a period of 
10 years commencing from the Adoption Date and as at 31 
December 2023, the Share Award Plan has a remaining life of up 
to 27 August 2030, but may be terminated earlier as determined 
by the Board.
Subject to the Share Award Plan, the trust deed and the fulfilment 
of the vesting conditions as set out in the grant notice to each 
selected participant, the awarded shares held by the trustee shall 
vest in the respective selected participant, and the trustee shall 
cause the awarded shares to be transferred to such selected 
participant on the vesting date.
The trustee shall not exercise the voting rights in respect of the 
awarded shares held under trust constituted by the trust deed. 
The selected participants shall not have any right to receive any 
awarded shares set aside for them unless and until the trustee 
has transferred and vested the legal and beneficial ownership of 
such awarded shares to and in the selected participants.
The Share Award Plan was adopted before the effective date of 
the new Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules. The Company will 
comply with the new Chapter 17 in accordance with the 
transitional arrangements provided for the share award plan.
Minimum Vesting Period
The Board may from time to time considered the performance 
target which must be achieved and minimum period for which 
the awarded share must be held before they are vested.
On 22 March 2023, a total of 662,000 awarded shares 
(representing 0.08%* of the issued shares capital of the 
Company) to the selected participants pursuant to the share 
award plan. The vesting period and performance target are 
disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 22 March 2023. 
The number of the awarded shares granted is determined based 
on the selected participants’ position, years of service, 
performance and future long-term contribution to the Group. 
Talent development and reserve are very important to the future 
development of the Company. In addition to providing 
competitive salaries, the Group also grants long-term incentives 
to (a) recognise and reward the contribution of the selected 
participants to the growth and development of the Group and to 
give incentives thereto in order to retain them for the continual 
operation and development of the Group; and (b) to attract 
suitable personnel for further development and improve 
competitiveness of the Group. Through long-term incentives for 
the selected participants could align the interests of the selected 
participants with that of the shareholders of the Company 
effectively, which is expected to have a positive impact on the 
market value of the Group. As such, the Company’s 
remuneration committee holds the view that the grant of the 
awarded shares, including the vesting periods are fair and 
reasonable and consistent with the purposes of the share award 
plan.
The vesting of the awarded shares is subject to the fulfilment of 
certain performance targets and other requirements as set out in 
the grant notice to be entered into between the Company and 
each selected participant. The performance targets shall include: 
financial targets (such as net profit after tax for the year of the 
Group and management/business targets (such as productivity, 
quality, research and development ability, client satisfaction etc.) 
which shall be determined based on the (i) individual 
performance; (ii) performance of the Group and/or (iii) 
performance of business groups, business units, business lines, 
functional departments, projects and/or geographical area 
managed by the selected participants. In case the vesting 
conditions are not satisfied in part or in full, the relevant portion 
of the award shares granted would lapse.

===== PAGE 107 =====
105
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
REPORT OF
THE DIRECTORS
Movements in the Company’s awarded shares during the year are as follows:
Category Date of grant
Number of 
awarded 
shares yet to 
be vested as 
at 1 January
 2023
Number of
 awarded 
shares 
granted
during
the year
Number of
awarded
shares vested
during 
the year
Number of
awarded
shares
cancelled/
lapsed during
the year
Number of
awarded
shares yet to
be vested as at
31 December
2023 Vesting date
Closing price
of per awarded
share at the
dates of grant
of awarded
shares
Closing price
of per awarded
share
immediately
before the
dates of grant
of awarded
shares
Weighted
average closing
price of the
awarded shares
immediately
before the dates
on which the
awarded shares
were vested
Directors           
Ko Wing Yan, Samantha 29 March 2021 150,000 – 150,000 – 0 (Note 1) HK$3.23 N/A HK$13.08
15 June 2022 90,000 – 45,000 – 45,000 (Note 2) HK$11.38 N/A HK$7.40
22 March 2023 – 27,000 8,100 – 18,900 (Note 3) HK$14.82 HK$15.14 HK$13.20
Su Ning 29 March 2021 150,000 – 150,000 – 0 (Note 1) HK$3.23 N/A HK$13.08
15 June 2022 90,000 – 45,000 – 45,000 (Note 2) HK$11.38 N/A HK$7.40
22 March 2023 – 31,000 9,300 – 21,700 (Note 3) HK$14.82 HK$15.14 HK$13.20
Fung, Yuk Kan Peter 29 March 2021 30,000 – 30,000 – 0 (Note 1) HK$3.23 N/A HK$13.08
15 June 2022 18,000 – 9,000 – 9,000 (Note 2) HK$11.38 N/A HK$7.40
Chu, Howard Ho Hwa 29 March 2021 30,000 – 30,000 – 0 (Note 1) HK$3.23 N/A HK$13.08
15 June 2022 18,000 – 9,000 – 9,000 (Note 2) HK$11.38 N/A HK$7.40
Hou Ziqiang (Note 5) 29 March 2021 30,000 – 30,000 – 0 (Note 1) HK$3.23 N/A HK$13.08
15 June 2022 18,000 – 9,000 – 9,000 (Note 2) HK$11.38 N/A HK$7.40
Employees (Note 6) 29 March 2021 1,434,000 – 1,434,000 – 0 (Note 1) HK$3.23 N/A HK$13.08
15 June 2022 1,254,000 – 618,000 34,500 601,500 (Note 2) HK$11.38 N/A HK$7.40
21 December 2022 500,000 – 200,000 3,000 297,000 (Note 4) HK$13.86 N/A HK$14.20
22 March 2023 – 604,000 181,200 15,100 407,700 (Note 3) HK$14.82 HK$15.14 HK$13.20
           
3,812,000 662,000 2,957,600 52,600
(Note 7)
1,463,800
           

===== PAGE 108 =====
106
 Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
REPORT OF
THE DIRECTORS
Notes:
1. Vesting date:
(i) the first 40% of the awarded shares shall be vested on 28 April 2021;
(ii) the second 30% of the awarded shares shall be vested on 28 April 2022; and
(iii) the remaining 30% of the awarded shares shall be vested on 28 April 2023.
2. Vesting date:
(i) the first 40% of the awarded shares shall be vested on 26 August 2022;
(ii) the second 30% of the awarded shares shall be vested on 28 August 2023; and
(iii) the remaining 30% of the awarded shares shall be vested on 26 August 2024.
3. Vesting date:
(i) the first 30% of the awarded shares shall be vested on 12 April 2023;
(ii) the second 30% of the awarded shares shall be vested on 12 April 2024; and
(iii) the remaining 40% of the awarded shares shall be vested on 11 April 2025.
4. Vesting date:
(i) the first 40% of the awarded shares shall be vested on 27 March 2023;
(ii) the second 30% of the awarded shares shall be vested on 27 March 2024; and
(iii) the remaining 30% of the awarded shares shall be vested on 27 March 2025.
5. Mr. Hou Ziqiang retired on 27 June 2023.
6. The total number of awarded shares granted to the 5 highest paid individuals during the financial year of 2023 was 128,000.
7. The awarded shares are lapsed.
8. Subsequent to the financial year, 2,047,000 awarded shares (representing 0.26% of the issued share capital of the Company on th e date of grant) are 
granted to Ms. Ko Wing Yan, Samantha, Mr. Su Ning, Mr. Fung, Yuk Kan Peter, Mr. Chu, Howard Ho Hwa, Mr. Pang Chunlin and certain employees of the 
Group on 22 March 2024. Ms. Ko and Mr. Su are granted 24,000 awarded shares and 119,000 awarded shares respectively, and each of Mr. Fung, Mr. Chu 
and Mr. Pang is granted 30,000 awarded shares. The vesting date is (i) the first 40% of the awarded shares to be vested on 2 May 2024; (ii) the second 30% 
of the awarded shares to be vested on 2 May 2025; and (iii) the remaining 30% of the awarded shares to be vested on 4 May 2026.
9. All the interests disclosed above represent long positions.
As at 31 December 2023, the fair value of awarded share at the date of granted is as follows. No expected dividends were incorporated 
into the measurement of fair value. Information on the accounting policy for the grant of awarded shares is provided in the accounting 
policy Note 2(r)(iv) on page 139 of this Annual Report.
Number of awarded shares Date of grant
Market value per
awarded share
Fair value of
awarded shares
6,310,000 29 March 2021 HK$3.23 HK$20,381,300
2,500,000 15 June 2022 HK$11.38 HK$28,450,000
500,000 21 December 2022 HK$13.86 HK$6,930,000
662,000 22 March 2023 HK$14.82 HK$9,810,840
    
9,972,000 HK$65,572,140
    
Apart from the foregoing, at no time during the year was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangement to enable 
the Directors or chief executive or any of their spouses or children under 18 years of age to acquire benefits by means of the 
acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company or any other body corporate.

===== PAGE 109 =====
107
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
REPORT OF
THE DIRECTORS
SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSONS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT 
POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
As at 31 December 2023, other than the interests disclosed under the section headed “Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and 
Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures”, so far as is known to the Directors and chief executives of the 
Company, the following companies and person had interests and short positions in the shares and underlying shares of the Company 
as recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 336 of the SFO:Name Capacity
Number of
shares in the
Company held
Number of
underlying
shares in the
Company held Total
Approximate
percentage of
the total issued
share capital of
the Company
(Note 3)
BOE Technology Group
 Co., Ltd.
Interest of controlled 
corporation
419,730,000
(Note 1)
– 419,730,000 53.02%
China Orient Asset
 Management
 (International) Holding
 Limited
Interest of controlled 
corporation
63,356,000
(Note 2)
– 63,356,000 8.00%
Notes:
1. The subscription of the 419,730,000 shares of the Company by BOE, a joint stock company established in the PRC and the issued s hares of which are listed 
on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange with stock code 000725 for its A shares and stock code 200725 for its B shares.
2. China Orient Multi-Strategy Master Fund and China Orient Enhanced Income Fund, both wholly-owned by China Orient Asset Manag ement (International) 
Holding Limited, held 39,753,000 shares and 23,603,000 shares of the Company respectively.
3. Calculated based on the Company’s total number of issued share capital of 791,575,204 shares as at 31 December 2023.
4. Subsequent to the financial year, China Orient Asset Management (International) Holding Limited filed a disclosure of interests on 25 January and 2 April 
2024 and represents its interest in the Company’s share increased to 79,250,000 shares (representing 10.01% of the issued share capital of the Company 
based on the total number of issued share capital of 791,575,204 shares as at 2 April 2024).
5. All the interests disclosed above represent long positions.

===== PAGE 110 =====
108
 Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
REPORT OF
THE DIRECTORS
Zhongxiangying Technology Co., Ltd. and other positions. Mr. Gao 
is also the group president and BOEU principal of the back-desk 
(business support system) of BOE, and the front-desk head of the 
display device and the IoT innovation business of BOE. Mr. Su is a 
vice president of BOE Group and the general manager of the 
front-desk of automotive SBU of the display device and the IoT 
innovation business of BOE. Mr. Shao is the chief new product 
officer of the mid-desk of the technology and product of the mid-
desk of the display device and the IoT innovation business of 
BOE, the deputy head of LCD product development centre of the 
mid-desk of the technology and product of the display device and 
the IoT innovation business of BOE, the deputy head of the mid-
desk of the technology and the product mid-desk terminal 
product and technology development of the display device and 
the IoT innovation business of BOE. Mr. Jin is the deputy person 
in charge of the mid-desk of the planning and operation of the 
mid-desk of the display device and the IoT innovation business of 
BOE, the deputy head of the mid-desk of the production and 
marketing operation centre of the planning and operation of the 
mid-desk of the display device and the IoT innovation business of 
BOE, the team leader of business operation team of the domestic 
marketing platform area of the front-desk of the display device 
and the IoT innovation business of BOE. Mr. Meng is the head of 
the financial operation management center in Display Devices 
and IoT Innovation Business of CFO organisation of the back-desk 
of BOE (business support system), the head of the back-desk 
(business support system) of CFO organisation of the budgeting 
center, and VCFO of the back-desk (business support system) of 
CFO organization.
Mr. Gao, Mr. Su, Mr. Shao, Mr. Jin and Mr. Meng may be 
considered having interests in the above-mentioned transactions. 
They have been abstained from voting in respect of those 
transactions.
Except as disclosed above, there has been no transaction, 
arrangement or contract of significance to which the Company, 
or any of its subsidiaries was a party, in which a Director of the 
Company and the Director’s connected entity had a material 
interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the 
year or at any time during the year. There is no material interest 
of directors in contracts involving the Company.
Saved as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2023, there were 
no other companies nor persons who had an interest or short 
position in the shares or underlying shares of the Company 
which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under Section 
336 of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register to be kept 
by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO.
DEBENTURE ISSUE
The Group has not issued any debenture during the year ended 
31 December 2023.
DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
Mr. Gao Wenbao, Ms. Ko Wing Yan, Samantha and Mr. Su Ning 
have entered into a management agreement with the Company 
which may be terminated by either party to the agreement at one 
month’s notice.
Non-executive Directors are appointed for a term of 3 years. 
Independent Non-executive Directors are appointed for a period 
up to 31 December 2024 or such other date as agreed by the 
Independent Non-executive Directors and the Company.
No Director proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual 
general meeting has an unexpired service contract which is not 
determinable by the Company or any of its subsidiaries within 
one year without payment of compensation, other than normal 
statutory compensation.
DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN 
TRANSACTION, ARRANGEMENT OR 
CONTRACT
Referring the section headed “Continuing Connected 
Transactions, Connected Transactions and Other Related Party 
Transactions” as disclosed, Mr. Gao Wenbao (“Mr. Gao”) held 
1,860,700 A shares of BOE, Mr. Su Ning (“Mr. Su”) held 150,000 A 
shares of BOE, Mr. Shao Xibin (“Mr. Shao”) held 687,600 A shares 
of BOE and Mr. Jin Hao (“Mr. Jin”) held 379,500 A shares of BOE 
and Mr. Meng Chao (“Mr. Meng”) held 537,500 issued A shares of 
BOE. In addition, Mr. Gao is a director, a president and the vice 
chairman of the executive committee of the 10th Board of 
Directors of the BOE Group, and the chairman of Beijing 

===== PAGE 111 =====
109
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
REPORT OF
THE DIRECTORS
Pursuant to the Master Purchase Agreement, the Group has from 
time to time since 2016 engaged the BOE Group to purchase the 
TFT panels and other products including, but not limited to, raw 
materials for the manufacturing of its LCDs and related products, 
in particular TFT/TP modules, from the BOE Group.
Leveraging its competitive edges, such as panel research and 
automated manufacturing process, the BOE Group has supplied 
the Group with TFT panels with customized design and 
comprehensive quality support at prices considered to be fair 
and reasonable by the Company. With the stable supply of TFT 
panels and provision of technical support by the BOE Group, 
together with the availability of the BOE Group’s full spectrum of 
state-of-the-art display products, the Group’s TFT business 
expanded rapidly, especially in the PRC, even though the 
automotive display market faced keen competition.
Pursuant to the approval obtained at the special general meeting 
of the Company held on 22 October 2021, the revised annual cap 
for year ended 31 December 2021 and the annual caps under the 
Renewed Master Purchase Agreement for the three years are as 
follows:
For the year 
ended 31 
December 
2021 
(Revised)
For the year
 ended 31 
December 
2022
For the year
 ended 31 
December 
2023
For the year
 ending 31 
December 
2024
HK$ million HK$ million HK$ million HK$ million
Purchase Transactions 5,000 6,800 6,000 6,800
The total amounts of the Purchase Transactions during the years 
2022 and 2023 are HK$6,475,616,000 and HK$4,592,212,000 
respectively.
For details of the continuing connected transactions 
contemplated under the Master Purchase Agreement and 
Renewed Master Purchase Agreement, please refer to the 
announcement of the Company dated 6 September 2021 and the 
circular of the Company dated 30 September 2021.
CONTINUING CONNECTED 
TRANSACTIONS, CONNECTED 
TRANSACTIONS AND OTHER RELATED 
PARTY TRANSACTIONS
A number of continuing connected transactions are entered into 
and between the Group and members of BOE. BOE Technology 
(HK) Limited (“BOE(HK)”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of BOE, is the 
controlling shareholder of the Company holding approximately 
53.02% of the issued share capital of the Company as at 31 
December 2023 and is an associate of the controlling shareholder 
and thus a connected person of the Company.
(A) CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
(1) Master Purchase Agreement and Renewed 
Master Purchase Agreement
On 27 October 2016, the Company and BOE entered into the 
master purchase agreement (the “Master Purchase Agreement”), 
pursuant to which the Group agreed to purchase TFT panels and 
other products including, but not limited to, raw materials for 
manufacturing TFT/TP modules from the BOE and its subsidiaries 
(the “BOE Group”) up to 31 December 2018 (as renewed by the 
agreements dated 22 November 2018, effective up to 31 
December 2021).
The Master Purchase Agreement was approved at the special 
general meeting of the Company held on 29 December 2016, and 
was approved for renewal at the special general meeting of the 
Company held on 10 January 2019, pursuant to which the 
Company and BOE have agreed to extend the terms of the 
agreements to 31 December 2021. On 6 September 2021, in view 
of the expected transaction amount under the Master Purchase 
Agreement for the year ended 31 December 2021 will be higher 
than the Existing Annual Cap, and the expiration of the Master 
Purchase Agreement on 31 December 2021, the Company 
therefore revised the Existing Annual Cap for the year ended 31 
December 2021 and entered into the Renewed Master Purchase 
Agreement (the “Renewed Master Purchase Agreement”), 
pursuant to which the Company and BOE have agreed to extend 
the terms of the agreements to 31 December 2024.

===== PAGE 112 =====
110
 Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
REPORT OF
THE DIRECTORS
Pursuant to the Trademark Licence Agreement, the annual caps 
for the total annual payment for the relevant periods in 2023 and 
2024 are as follows:
For the year 
ended
31 December 
2023
For the year
ending
31 December
2024
HK$ million HK$ million
Trademark Licence Fee 30 65
The total amounts of the Trademark Licence Fee during the years 
2022 and 2023 are HK$21,818,000 and HK$19,257,000 
respectively.
For details of the continuing connected transactions 
contemplated under the Trade Mark Licence Agreement and 
Renewed Trademark Licence Agreement, please refer to the 
announcement of the Company dated 21 December 2022.
(3) The New Tenancy Agreement, The Assets 
Lease Agreement, The Renewed Tenancy 
Agreement and The Renewed Assets Lease 
Agreement
On 14 February 2019, Varitronix (Chengdu) Display Technology 
Limited (the “Chengdu Vx”, formerly known as Chengdu BOE 
Vehicle Display Technology Co. Ltd.) entered into the new 
tenancy agreement (the “New Tenancy Agreement”) and assets 
lease agreement (the “Assets Lease Agreement”) with Chengdu 
BOE Optoelectronics Technology Co., Ltd. (the “Chengdu BOE”).
The TFT business is highly competitive. The Group is developing 
standardized platform TFT modules to promote to its customers 
in order to achieve further economies of scales. The Group 
considered that it is to the Group’s interest that the 
manufacturing of standardized platform TFT modules under one 
integrated manufacturing process and control, i.e. from panel 
production to TFT modules assembly, will render the Group 
higher competitive advantages including, but not limited to yield 
enhancement, quality control, supply chain management and 
etc. by leveraging the various competitive edges of the BOE 
Group.
(2) The Trademark Licence Agreement and 
Renewed Trademark Licence Agreement
On 30 December 2021, the Company and BOE Group entered 
into the trademark licence agreement (the “Trademark Licence 
Agreement”), pursuant to which BOE agrees to grant the Group 
the right to use the Trademark in connection with the display 
products and services, the brand identity and brand promotion, 
and as a trade name for a company, for a term commencing 
from 1 December 2021 to 31 December 2022.
Since the Company has amended its name to BOE Varitronix 
Limited in 2017, the Company has been adopting the Trademark 
for all its businesses, corporate promotions and other business 
activities in the display products and services, which are 
generally known and recognised by the public. With the stable 
supply of TFT panels and the provision of technical support by 
the BOE Group, the Group’s TFT business expanded rapidly, 
especially in the PRC. In view of the above, the Company entered 
into the Trademark License Agreement to continue to use the 
Trademark.
Pursuant to the Trademark Licence Agreement, the annual caps 
for the total annual payment for the relevant periods in 2021 and 
2022 are as follows:
For the period 
from
1 December
2021 to
31 December
2021
For the year 
ended
31 December 
2022
HK$ million HK$ million
Trademark Licence Fee 2 32
On 21 December 2022, in view of the expiration of the Trademark 
Licence Agreement on 31 December 2022, the Company 
therefore entered into the Renewed Trademark Licence 
Agreement (the “Renewed Trademark Licence Agreement”), 
pursuant to which the Company and BOE have agreed to extend 
the terms of the agreements to 31 December 2024.

===== PAGE 113 =====
111
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
REPORT OF
THE DIRECTORS
The total annual payment (comprising the rental, management 
fee and utilities fee) for the year 2022 and 2023 are HK$102,000 
(equivalent to approximately RMB91,000) and HK$93,000 
(equivalent to approximately RMB84,000) respectively. The total 
annual payment received under Assets Lease Agreement for the 
year 2022 and 2023 are HK$15,328,000 (equivalent to 
approximately RMB13,686,000) and HK$3,472,000 (equivalent to 
approximately RMB3,028,000) respectively.
For details of the continuing connected transactions 
contemplated under the New Tenancy Agreement, the Assets 
Lease Agreement, the Renewed Tenancy Agreement and the 
Renewed Assets Lease Agreement, please refer to the 
announcement of the Company dated 30 December 2021.
(4) Master Subcontracting Agreement
On 29 April 2022, the Company entered into the master 
subcontracting agreement (the “Master Subcontracting 
Agreement”) with Beijing BOE Optoelectronics Technology Co., 
Ltd., Hefei BOE Optoelectronics Technology Co., Ltd, Hefei 
Xinsheng Optoelectronics Technology Co., Ltd. and Chengdu BOE 
(collectively known as “the Subcontractors”), pursuant to which 
the Group has agreed to provide subcontracting services of 
manufacturing TFT/TP modules and other products on a non-
exclusive basis to the Subcontractors, for a term from 29 April 
2022 to 31 December 2024. Each of the Subcontractors is a 
wholly-owned subsidiary of BOE and an associate of BOE(HK) and 
is thus a connected person of the Company under the Listing 
Rules.
The Group has its own plant and equipment and is engaged in 
the processing of TFT/TP modules and other products. The 
Subcontracting Transactions could provide benefits to the Group, 
among others, (i) generating additional revenue to the Group; (ii) 
utilising our production facilities more efficiently; (iii) allowing the 
Group to keep up-to-date knowledge to the development of 
technology and the industry; and (iv) allowing the Group to meet 
the production and quality requirement of the ultimate 
customers, and has a better chance to be a qualified supplier of 
them for other products and increase our market share and 
revenue in future.
As a result of aforesaid integration of the TFT modules 
manufacturing process for standardized platform TFT modules 
products to the BOE Group, the premises for TFT modules 
assembly will no longer be required by the Group and the office 
of Chengdu Vx will be relocated to the new premises (a total 
construction floor area of approximately 135 square metres) 
under the new tenancy agreement. The BOE Group will utilize the 
lease assets for the manufacturing of TFT modules in the 
premises. The Directors are of the view that the new tenancy 
agreement for the new premises are beneficial to the Group for 
cost-saving purpose.
On 30 December 2021, in view of the expiration of the New 
Tenancy Agreement and the Assets Lease Agreement on 31 
December 2021, the Company therefore entered into the 
Renewed Tenancy Agreement (the “Renewed Tenancy 
Agreement”) and Renewed Assets Lease Agreement (the 
“Renewed Assets Lease Agreement”), pursuant to which the 
Company and BOE have agreed to extend the terms of the 
agreements to 31 December 2024.
Pursuant to the Renewed Tenancy Agreement and the Renewed 
Assets Lease Agreement on an aggregate basis, the annual caps 
(including VAT) for the total annual payment (comprising the 
rental, management fee and utilities fee) and total annual 
payment received under Renewed Assets Lease Agreement for 
the relevant periods in 2022, 2023 and 2024 are as follows:
For the year
ended
31 December
2022
For the year 
ended 
31 December 
2023
For the year 
ending 
31 December 
2024
RMB RMB RMB
Total Rental 31,784 31,784 31,784
Total Management Fee 29,711 29,711 29,711
Total Utilities Fee 29,832 29,832 29,832
Total payment under 
 the Renewed Tenancy 
 Agreement 91,327 91,327 91,327
Total payment received 
 under the Renewed 
 Assets Lease Agreement 13,685,608 13,685,608 13,685,608
Total (Annual Caps) 14,500,000 14,500,000 14,500,000

===== PAGE 114 =====
112
 Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
REPORT OF
THE DIRECTORS
By entering into the Master Framework Agreement — Equipment, 
Software, Construction and Engineering Services, the Group 
would be benefited with the flexibility (but not an obligation) to 
purchase and lease equipment and related software, and procure 
construction and engineering services from the BOE Group. 
Moreover, it could allow the Group to obtain more competitive 
offer among equipment and related software suppliers and 
service providers which are market leaders, and also facilitate 
the operation and growth of the Group’s business.
Pursuant to the Master Framework Agreement — Equipment, 
Software, Construction and Engineering Services, the annual 
caps for the total amount for the relevant periods in 2022, 2023 
and 2024 are as follows:
For the year 
ended 
31 December 
2022
For the year 
ended 
31 December 
2023
For the year 
ending 
31 December 
2024
HK$ million HK$ million HK$ million
Purchase and lease 
 equipment and related 
 software, and procure 
 construction and 
 engineering services 110 110 50
The total amounts of the Transactions of purchase and lease 
equipment and related software, and procure construction and 
engineering services during the years 2022 and 2023 are 
HK$43,788,000 and HK$79,326,000 respectively.
For details of the continuing connected transactions 
contemplated under the Master Framework Agreement — 
Equipment, Software, Construction and Engineering Services, 
please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 22 July 
2022.
Pursuant to the Master Subcontracting Agreement, the annual 
caps for the total amount for the relevant periods in 2022, 2023 
and 2024 are as follows:
For the year 
ended
31 December 
2022
For the year 
ended
31 December 
2023
For the year
ending
31 December
2024
HK$ million HK$ million HK$ million
Subcontracting 60 85 120
The total amounts of the Subcontracting Transactions during the 
years 2022 and 2023 are HK$8,127,000 and HK$3,666,000 
respectively.
For details of the continuing connected transactions 
contemplated under the Master Subcontracting Agreement, 
please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 29 April 
2022.
(5) Master Framework Agreement — Equipment, 
Software, Construction and Engineering 
Services
On 22 July 2022, the Company and BOE entered into the master 
framework agreement in relation to purchase and/or lease 
equipment and related software; and engage the construction 
and engineering services (the “Master Framework Agreement — 
Equipment, Software, Construction and Engineering Services”), 
pursuant to which the Group may (i) purchase and/or lease 
equipment and related software from the BOE Group; and (ii) 
engage the BOE Group to provide the construction and 
engineering services from time to time during the term from 22 
July 2022 to 31 December 2024.
Over the years, the BOE Group has accumulated extensive 
experience in producing equipment as well as providing 
construction and engineering services with the technical know-
how and more than 70,000 patents. Being a well-established 
market leader in the industry and equipped with the well-
established streamline supply chain and the profound technical 
maintenance team, the BOE Group can (i) supply and/or lease 
certain high-quality equipment and related software; and (ii) 
provide the Group with professional construction and engineering 
services for the expansion of manufacturing facilities in the PRC.

===== PAGE 115 =====
113
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
REPORT OF
THE DIRECTORS
Pursuant to the Master Framework Agreement — Factory 
Maintenance Services, the annual caps for the total amount for 
the relevant periods in 2023 and 2024 are as follows:
For the year 
ending 
31 December 
2023
For the year 
ending 
31 December 
2024
HK$ million HK$ million
Factory Maintenance 
 Services Fee 11 17
The total amounts of the Factory Maintenance Services Fee 
during the year 2023 is HK$Nil.
For details of the continuing connected transactions 
contemplated under the Master Framework Agreement — 
Factory Maintenance Services, please refer to the announcement 
of the Company dated 8 May 2023.
Governance
Pursuant to Listing Rules 14A.55, the Independent Non-executive 
Directors of the Company have reviewed the above continuing 
connected transactions and confirmed that these continuing 
connected transactions were entered into:
(i) in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;
(ii) on normal commercial terms or better; and
(iii) according to the agreement governing them on terms that 
are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the 
shareholders of the Company as a whole.
(6) Master Framework Agreement — Factory 
Maintenance Services
On 8 May 2023, the Company and BOE Environmental and Energy 
Technology Co., Ltd (“BOE Environmental and Energy”) entered 
into the master framework agreement in relation to factory 
maintenance services (the “Master Framework Agreement — 
Factory Maintenance Services”), pursuant to which the Group 
may engage BOE Environmental and Energy to provide factory 
facilities repair, maintenance and related services from time to 
time during the term from 8 May 2023 to 31 December 2024.
Over the years, BOE Environmental and Energy has accumulated 
extensive experience in facilities repair, maintenance and related 
services with the technical know-how. Its teams are located in 
many regions, including Chengdu, of the PRC and have rich 
resources and professional capabilities. Being a well-established 
market leader in the industry and equipped with the well-
established streamline supply chain and the profound technical 
maintenance team, BOE Environmental and Energy can provide 
the Group with professional facilities repair, maintenance and 
related services for the expansion of manufacturing facilities in 
the PRC while leverage its local presence such as Chengdu.
By entering into the Master Framework Agreement — Factory 
Maintenance Services, the Group would be benefited (but not an 
obligation) from the flexibility of obtaining the industry-leading 
personnel and services of facilities repair, maintenance and 
related services from BOE Environmental and Energy with 
competitive cost. It can also facilitate the operation and 
production of the Group, in particular, Chengdu plant, to quickly 
enter into optimal scale of production and operation with 
competitive cost of production for further growth.

===== PAGE 116 =====
114
 Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
REPORT OF
THE DIRECTORS
(B) OTHER RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
Except as disclosed above, related party transactions entered 
into by the Group during the year which (i) do not constitute 
connected transactions or continuing connected transactions or 
(ii) fall under the definition of a connected or continuing 
connected transaction, but are exempted from the reporting, 
annual review, announcement and independent shareholder’s 
approval requirements under the Listing Rules are disclosed in 
Note 32 to the financial statements.
The Company has complied with the disclosure requirements 
prescribed in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules with respect to the 
continuing connected transactions and connected transactions 
entered into by the Group during the year ended 31 December 
2023.
EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
Other than the aforesaid and as disclosed under the section 
headed “Share Schemes and Directors’ and Chief Executives’ 
Rights to Acquire Shares or Debentures” above, no equity-linked 
agreements that will or may result in the Company issuing shares 
or that require the Company to enter into any agreements that 
will or may result in the Company issuing shares were entered 
into by the Company during the year or subsisted at the end of 
the year.
MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contracts concerning the management and administration of 
the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Company 
were entered into or existed during the year.
In accordance with Listing Rule 14A.56, the Company’s auditor 
was engaged by the Board of Directors to report on the 
continuing connected transactions in relation to the above 
continuing connected transactions in accordance with Hong 
Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) 
“Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of 
Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice 
Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions 
under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong 
Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The auditor has issued a 
letter advised that nothing has come to their attention that 
causes them to believe that above continuing connected 
transactions:
i. have not been approved by the Company’s Board of  
Directors;
ii. the transactions (which involved provision of goods or  
services) were not, in all material respects, in accordance 
with the pricing policies of the Group;
iii. were not entered into, in all material respects, in  
accordance with the terms of the relevant agreements 
governing the continuing connected transactions; and
iv. the relevant cap amounts have been exceeded during the 
financial year ended 31 December 2023.

===== PAGE 117 =====
115
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
REPORT OF
THE DIRECTORS
MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
For the year ended 31 December 2023, the five largest customers 
of the Group accounted for 48.4% of the Group’s total revenue 
while the largest customer of the Group accounted for 21.2% of 
the Group’s total revenue. In addition, for the year ended 31 
December 2023, the five largest suppliers of the Group accounted 
for 49.5% of the Group’s total purchases while the largest 
supplier of the Group accounted for 16.0% of the Group’s total 
purchases. The largest supplier of the Group is the associate of 
BOE which is the substantial shareholder of the Company.
Saved as disclosed above, at no time during the year have the 
Directors or any shareholder of the Company (which to the 
knowledge of the Directors own more than 5% of the Company’s 
total issued share capital) had any interest in these major 
customers and suppliers.
UPDATE ON DIRECTOR’S INFORMATION 
UNDER RULE 13.51B(1) OF THE LISTING 
RULES
Mr. Pang Chunlin has been appointed as an independent 
non-executive Director and a member of the audit committee, 
the remuneration committee and the nomination committee of 
the Company with effect from 7 April 2023.
Mr. Hou Ziqiang has retired as an independent non-executive 
Director and ceased as a member of the audit committee, the 
remuneration committee and the nomination committee of the 
Company with effect from 27 June 2023.
PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF 
THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
During the year ended 31 December 2023, the trustee of the 
Company’s share award plan (adopted on 28 August 2020) (the 
“Share Award Plan”) did not purchase any shares of the Company 
on the Stock Exchange. Total accumulated number of shares of 
the Company purchased were 12,373,000 (representing 1.56%* 
of the issued share capital of the Company) under the Share 
Award Plan.
PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
The Company’s Bye-law provides that the Directors shall be 
indemnified out of the assets of the Company against any 
actions, costs, charges, losses, damages and expenses as a 
result of any act or failure to act in carrying out their functions.
The Company has arranged directors’ and officers’ liability 
insurance during the year in respect of any possible legal action 
against the Directors and officers.
PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s 
Bye-laws and the law of Bermuda.
BANK LOANS
The Group has bank loan of HK$620 million as at 31 December 
2023 (2022: HK$667 million).
CAPITALISATION OF INTEREST
No interest was capitalised by the Group during the year.
PROPERTIES
Particulars of the properties held by the Group are shown on 
page 184 of this Annual Report.
FIVE YEAR SUMMARY
A summary of the results and the assets and liabilities of the 
Group for the last five financial years is set out on page 183 of 
this Annual Report.
SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on the information that is publicly available and within the 
knowledge of the Directors, for the year under review, the 
Company has maintained the prescribed public float under the 
Listing Rules.

===== PAGE 118 =====
116
 Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
REPORT OF
THE DIRECTORS
COMPETING INTEREST
None of the Directors has interest in any business which 
competes or its likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, 
which the business of the Group that were required to be 
disclosed pursuant to Rule 8.10 of the Listing Rules.
CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE
The Company has received from each of the Independent Non-
executive Directors an annual confirmation of independence 
pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and considers all the 
Independent Non-executive Directors to be independent.
SIGNIFICANT SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 
AFTER 31 DECEMBER 2023 TO 2 APRIL 
2024, BEING THE LATEST PRACTICABLE 
DATE OF THIS REPORT
Save as disclosed as above and that in the Chairman’s Statement, 
the Group had no material events for disclosure subsequent to 
31 December 2023 and up to the date of this report.
AUDITORS
KPMG retire and, being eligible, offer themselves for 
reappointment. A resolution for the reappointment of KPMG as 
auditors of the Company is to be proposed at the forthcoming 
annual general meeting.
By order of the Board
Gao Wenbao
Chairman
Hong Kong, 21 March 2024
During the year ended 31 December 2023, a total of 662,000 
awarded shares (representing 0.08%* of the issued share capital 
of the Company) were granted to certain selected participants, 
comprising 2 Directors and certain employees of the Group on 22 
March 2023, pursuant to the Share Award Plan.
As at 31 December 2023, the total number of awarded shares 
that can be granted was 2,491,000 and 63,635,520 (after 
deducting the 662,000 awarded shares granted on 22 Mar 2023), 
based on the accumulated number of shares of the Company 
purchased in so far and the maximum number of awarded shares 
that can be granted at the Adoption Date, representing 0.31%* 
and 8.04%* respectively of the issued share capital of the 
Company.
Other than the aforesaid, during the year ended 31 December 
2023, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, 
sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities.
Subsequent to the financial year to 2 April 2024, the latest 
practicable date:
— the Board has granted a total of 2,047,000 awarded shares 
(representing 0.26%* of the issued share capital of the 
Company) to the certain selected participants, comprising 
5 Directors and certain employees of the Group on 22 
March 2024, pursuant to the share award plan.
— 1,000,000 shares (representing 0.13%* of the issued share 
capital of the Company) are purchased in March 2024. 
Total number of shares of the Company purchased is 
13,373,000 (representing 1.69%* of the issued share capital 
of the Company) under the share award plan.
* Calculated based on the Company’s total number of issued share 
capital of 791,575,204 shares as at 31 December 2023, 22 March 2024 
and the latest practicable date.

===== PAGE 119 =====
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
 117
REPORT OF THE 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR
BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards 
on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our responsibilities 
under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s 
responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial 
statements  section of our report. We are independent of the 
Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for 
Professional Accountants (“the Code”) together with any ethical 
requirements that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated 
financial statements in Bermuda, and we have fulfilled our other 
ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements 
and the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have 
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
opinion.
KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional 
judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the 
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These 
matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the 
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our 
opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on 
these matters.
Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of 
BOE Varitronix Limited
(Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)
OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of BOE 
Varitronix Limited (“the Company”) and its subsidiaries (“the 
Group”) set out on pages 123 to 182, which comprise the 
consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 
2023, the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the 
consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive 
income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the 
consolidated cash flow statement for the year then ended and 
notes to the consolidated financial statements, comprising 
material accounting policy information and other explanatory 
information.
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true 
and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group 
as at 31 December 2023 and of its consolidated financial 
performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then 
ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting 
Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of 
Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly 
prepared in compliance with the Hong Kong Companies 
Ordinance.

===== PAGE 120 =====
118
 Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
REPORT OF THE
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR
TIMING OF REVENUE RECOGNITION
Refer to note 4 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policy note 2(u).
The Key Audit Matter How the matter was addressed in our audit
Revenue from sales of the Group’s liquid crystal display (“LCD”) 
products is recognised when the Group transfers the control of 
the goods to the customer.
The Group’s sales contracts with customers, which principally 
comprise automotive manufacturers, have a variety of trade 
terms relating to goods acceptance. Such terms may affect the 
timing of the recognition of sales to those customers. The Group 
evaluates the trade terms of each sales contract in order to 
determine the appropriate timing for revenue recognition.
There is a risk that revenue transactions may not be recognised 
in the appropriate financial period due to lead times for sales 
made around the year end and the variety of trade terms 
offered to the customers.
We identified the timing of revenue recognition as a key audit 
matter because revenue is one of the key performance 
indicators of the Group and could be subject to manipulation to 
meet targets or expectations and because of the variety of trade 
terms offered to customers which increases the risk of error in 
the recognition of revenue.
Our audit procedures to assess the timing of revenue 
recognition included the following:
•	 obtaining 	a n	u nderstanding	o f	a nd 	a ssessing	t he	d esign,	
implementation and operating effectiveness of the 
Group’s key internal controls over revenue recognition;
•	 inspecting 	key 	customer 	contracts 	to 	identify 	terms 	and	
conditions relating to goods acceptance and assessing 
the Group’s timing of recognition of revenue with 
reference to the requirements of the prevailing 
accounting standards;
•	 comparing, 	 on 	 a 	 sample 	 basis, 	 specific 	 revenue 	
transactions recorded before and after the financial year 
end date with underlying sales invoices and delivery 
documents with the customers’ acknowledgement of 
goods acceptance to determine whether the related 
revenue had been recognised in the appropriate financial 
period; and
•	 inspecting 	underlying 	documentation 	for 	journal 	entries	
relating to revenue selected based on specific risk-based 
criteria.

===== PAGE 121 =====
119
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
REPORT OF THE
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR
VALUATION OF INVENTORIES
Refer to note 19 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policy note 2(m).
The Key Audit Matter How the matter was addressed in our audit
The Group held significant inventories as at 31 December 2023, 
which comprised raw materials, work-in-progress and finished 
goods in respect of LCD and related products.
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable 
value.
The Group maintains its inventory levels based on customer 
orders and forecast demand. There is a risk that the net 
realisable value of inventories may fall below their costs due to 
changes in customer demand and the consequent overstocking 
of inventories at the end of the reporting period. In addition, a 
significant proportion of the Group’s products are manufactured 
to meet specific customer requirements. There is a risk that if a 
customer experiences financial difficulty or there is a demand 
issue with a customer’s product that includes products 
manufactured and held by the Group as inventories which may 
not be sold or may be sold at a price below their costs.
Management assesses the level of write-down of inventories 
required at each reporting date after considering inventory 
ageing and other relevant factors. Such assessment involves 
significant management judgement and estimation in 
determining the value of inventories which will not be 
recoverable at each reporting date.
We identified the valuation of inventories as a key audit matter 
because inventories are significant to the consolidated financial 
statements and because of the significant degree of 
management judgement involved in determining the write-down 
of inventories.
Our audit procedures to assess the valuation of inventories 
included the following:
•	 obtaining 	a n	u nderstanding 	o f	a nd	a ssessing	t he	d esign	
and implementation of the Group’s key internal controls 
over the inventory write-down assessment process, 
including the Group’s monitoring controls over slow-
moving inventories;
•	 evaluating 	the 	Group’s 	inventory 	write-down 	policy 	with	
reference to the requirements of the prevailing 
accounting standards;
•	 assessing 	 whether 	 the 	 inventory 	 write-downs 	 at 	 the	
reporting date were calculated on a basis consistent with 
the Group’s inventory write-down policy by recalculating 
the inventory write-downs based on the percentages and 
other parameters in the Group’s inventory write-down 
policy;
•	 assessing 	 the 	 classification 	 of 	 inventory 	 items 	 in 	 the	
inventory ageing report by comparison with purchase 
invoices and other relevant underlying documentation, on 
a sample basis;
•	 selecting 	raw 	materials 	and 	work-in-progress 	items, 	on 	a 	
sample basis, at the reporting date and comparing their 
usage subsequent to the reporting date;
•	 enquiring 	 of 	 the 	 senior 	 members 	 of 	 the 	 production 	
department whether there are any expected changes in 
production plans which may indicate write-down of 
inventories would be required;
•	 evaluating 	inventory 	items, 	on 	a 	sample 	basis, 	whether	
they were stated at the lower of cost and net realisable 
value at the reporting date by comparing the sales price 
of those inventory items subsequent to the reporting date 
with their carrying values; and
•	 assessing 	 the 	 historical 	 accuracy 	 of 	 management’s 	
calculation of write-down of inventories by examining the 
utilisation or release of write-downs recorded at the end 
of the previous financial year during the current financial 
year.

===== PAGE 122 =====
120
 Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
REPORT OF THE
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR
EXPECTED CREDIT LOSS ALLOWANCE FOR TRADE RECEIVABLES
Refer to notes 20 and 29(a) to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies notes 2(l) and 2(o).
The Key Audit Matter How the matter was addressed in our audit
The Group held significant trade receivables as at 31 December 
2023, which comprised a large number of individual balances.
The Group has a wide range of customers with different 
individual characteristics which are exposed to their own risks. 
Therefore, there is a risk that certain of the Group’s trade 
receivables may not be recoverable.
Management has implemented internal controls to monitor 
credit control, collection of trade receivables and follow up of 
overdue balances.
Management measures the expected credit loss allowance 
required at each reporting date at an amount equal to the 
lifetime expected credit losses based on estimated loss rates for 
each category of trade receivables grouped according to the 
shared credit risk characteristics. The estimated loss rates take 
into account the ageing of trade receivable balances, the 
repayment history of the Group’s customers of different risk 
characteristics, current market conditions and forward-looking 
information. Such assessment involves significant management 
judgement and estimation.
We identified the loss allowance for trade receivables as a key 
audit matter because of the significance of trade receivables to 
the consolidated financial statements and because of the 
significant degree of management judgement involved in 
determining the expected credit losses.
Our audit procedures to assess the expected credit loss 
allowance for trade receivables included the following:
•	 obtaining 	a n	u nderstanding 	o f	a nd	a ssessing	t he	d esign	
and implementation of the Group’s key internal controls 
over the processes of credit control, and estimate of 
expected credit losses;
•	 evaluating 	the	Group’s	policy	for	estimating	the	credit	loss	
allowance with reference to the requirements of the 
prevailing accounting standard;
•	 obtaining 	 an 	 understanding 	 on 	 the 	 key 	 data 	 and 	
assumptions of the expected credit loss model adopted 
by the Group, including the basis of the segmentation of 
trade receivables based on shared credit risk 
characteristics, the historical default data, and the 
assumptions involved in management’s estimated loss 
rate;
•	 assessing 	the	appropriateness	of	the	Group’s	estimates	of	
expected loss allowance by examining the information 
used by management to derive such estimates, including 
testing the accuracy of the historical default data and 
evaluating whether the historical loss rates are 
appropriately adjusted based on current economic 
conditions and forward-looking information;
•
 re-performing the calculation of the loss allowance as at  
31 December 2023 based on the Group’s credit loss 
allowance policies; and
• assessing whether items in the trade receivables ageing  
report were categorised in the appropriate ageing bracket 
by comparing a sample of individual items with the 
underlying goods delivery notes, sales invoices and other 
relevant underlying documentation.

===== PAGE 123 =====
121
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
REPORT OF THE
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR
AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE 
AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether 
the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from 
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to 
issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. This report is 
made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with Section 90 of 
the Bermuda Companies Act 1981, and for no other purpose. We 
do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any 
other person for the contents of this report.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a 
guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will 
always detect a material misstatement when it exists. 
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered 
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably 
be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken 
on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise 
professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism 
throughout the audit. We also:
— Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of  
the consolidated financial statements, whether due to 
fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures 
responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement 
resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from 
error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional 
omissions, misrepresentations or the override of internal 
control.
— Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the 
audit in order to design audit procedures that are 
appropriate in the circumstances but not for the purpose 
of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the 
Group’s internal control.
— E valuate the appropriateness of accounting policies used 
and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and 
related disclosures made by the directors.
INFORMATION OTHER THAN THE 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS AND AUDITOR’S REPORT 
THEREON
The Directors are responsible for the other information. The other 
information comprises all the information included in the annual 
report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our 
auditor’s report thereon.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not 
cover the other information and we do not express any form of 
assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial 
statements, our responsibility is to read the other information 
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is 
materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements 
or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to 
be materially misstated.
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there 
is a material misstatement of this other information, we are 
required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this 
regard.
RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS 
FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS
The Directors are responsible for the preparation of the 
consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in 
accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the Hong 
Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the 
Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of 
consolidated financial statements that are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Directors 
are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a 
going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going 
concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless 
the Directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease 
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
The Directors are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging 
their responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s financial 
reporting process.

===== PAGE 124 =====
122
 Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
REPORT OF THE
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR
We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we 
have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding 
independence and communicate with them all relationships and 
other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our 
independence and, where applicable, actions taken to eliminate 
threats or safeguards applied.
From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we 
determine those matters that were of most significance in the 
audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current 
period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe 
these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation 
precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in 
extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter 
should not be communicated in our report because the adverse 
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to 
outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this 
independent auditor’s report is Chui Kin Pong.
KPMG
Certified Public Accountants
8th Floor, Prince’s Building
10 Chater Road
Central, Hong Kong
21 March 2024
AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE 
AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
— Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of  
the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the 
audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty 
exists related to events or conditions that may cast 
significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a 
going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty 
exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s 
report to the related disclosures in the consolidated 
financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, 
to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the 
audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s 
report. However, future events or conditions may cause 
the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
— Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of 
the consolidated financial statements, including the 
disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial 
statements represent the underlying transactions and 
events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
— Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the  
financial information of the entities or business activities 
within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated 
financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, 
supervision and performance of the group audit. We 
remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among 
other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and 
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in 
internal control that we identify during our audit.

===== PAGE 125 =====
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
123
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT
OF PROFIT OR LOSS
2023 2022
Note $’000 $’000
Revenue 4 10,760,416 10,722,361
Other operating income, net 5 174,215 143,494
Change in inventories of finished goods and work in progress 549,090 385,540
Raw materials and consumables used (9,307,367) (9,290,616)
Staff costs (938,819) (680,018)
Depreciation 13 (202,110) (165,770)
Other operating expenses 6(c) (465,702) (444,527)
    
Profit from operations 569,723 670,464
Finance costs 6(a) (25,220) (12,361)
Share of losses of associates (4,471) (456)
    
Profit before taxation 6 540,032 657,647
Income tax 7(a) (58,951) (98,077)
    
Profit for the year 481,081 559,570
    
Profit attributable to:
Equity shareholders of the Company 475,260 582,451
Non-controlling interests 5,821 (22,881)
    
481,081 559,570
    
Earnings per share for profit attributable to 
 equity shareholders of the Company (in HK cents) 11
Basic 60.4 cents 78.4 cents
    
Diluted 60.2 cents 77.8 cents
    
The notes on pages 129 to 182 form part of these financial statements. Details of dividends payable to equity shareholders of the 
Company attributable to the profit for the year are set out in note 28(b).

===== PAGE 126 =====
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
124
2023 2022
Note $’000 $’000
Profit for the year 481,081 559,570
    
Other comprehensive income for the year
 (after tax and reclassification adjustments): 10
Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
— Exchange translation adjustments: net movement in exchange reserve (26,894) (235,277)
    
Total comprehensive income for the year 454,187 324,293
    
Attributable to:
Equity shareholders of the Company 449,146 361,030
Non-controlling interests 5,041 (36,737)
    
454,187 324,293
    
The notes on pages 129 to 182 form part of these financial statements.

===== PAGE 127 =====
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
At 31 December 2023
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
125
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
FINANCIAL POSITION
2023 2022
Note $’000 $’000
Total assets less 
 current liabilities 5,011,079 4,179,975
    
Non-current liabilities
Lease liabilities 24 13,907 4,402
Deferred tax liabilities 25(b) 3,468 9,977
Deferred income 26 200,496 18,911
Bank loans 23 383,497 30,912
    
601,368 64,202
    
NET ASSETS 4,409,711 4,115,773
    
CAPITAL AND RESERVES
Share capital 28(c) 197,894 197,853
Reserves 4,155,701 3,866,845
    
Total equity attributable to
 equity shareholders
 of the Company 4,353,595 4,064,698
Non-controlling interests 16 56,116 51,075
    
TOTAL EQUITY 4,409,711 4,115,773
    
Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 
21 March 2024.
Gao Wenbao Ko Wing Yan, Samantha
Director Director
The notes on pages 129 to 182 form part of these financial 
statements.
2023 2022
Note $’000 $’000
Non-current assets
Property, plant and
 equipment 13 1,759,580 1,490,300
Interest in associates 17 – 7,922
Intangible assets 14 25,061 22,173
Other financial assets 18 41,897 42,588
Non-current deposits and
 prepayments 20 101,264 98,265
Deferred tax assets 25(b) 8,843 11,286
    
1,936,645 1,672,534
    
Current assets
Inventories 19 1,947,101 1,568,001
Trade and other receivables,
 deposits and
 prepayments and 
 other contract costs 20 2,555,501 2,157,832
Amounts due from
 associates 17 12,220 –
Other financial assets 18 15,405 65
Current tax recoverable 25(a) 10,354 4,122
Fixed deposits with more
 than three months to
 maturity when placed 21 – 61,723
Restricted bank deposits 21 55,884 –
Cash and cash equivalents 21 3,500,760 2,818,823
    
8,097,225 6,610,566
    
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables 22 4,738,130 3,389,694
Lease liabilities 24 8,159 7,392
Current tax payable 25(a) 13,925 65,324
Bank loans 23 236,439 636,288
Deferred income 26 26,138 4,427
    
5,022,791 4,103,125
    
Net current assets 3,074,434 2,507,441
    

===== PAGE 128 =====
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
126
Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
 
Share
 capital
Share 
premium
Awarded 
shares held 
under the 
Share 
Award Plan
Exchange 
reserve
Capital
 reserve
Other 
reserves
Contributed
surplus
Retained 
profits Total
Non-
controlling 
interests
Total 
equity
(note 28(c)) (note 28(d)(i)) (note 28(d)(v)) (note 28(d)(iii)) (note 28(d)(iv)) (note 28(d)(vi)) (note 28(d)(ii))
Note $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000
Balance at 1 January 2022 184,039 1,309,846 (33,609) 57,499 8,215 105,921 720,191 680,322 3,032,424 313,201 3,345,625             
Changes in equity for 2022:
Profit/(loss) for the year – – – – – – – 582,451 582,451 (22,881) 559,570
Other comprehensive income 10 – – – (221,421) – – – – (221,421) (13,856) (235,277)             
Total comprehensive income – – – (221,421) – – – 582,451 361,030 (36,737) 324,293             
Dividends approved in respect 
 of the previous year 28(b)(ii) – – – – – – (109,284) – (109,284) – (109,284)
Placing and shareholder 
 subscription of new shares 28(c)(iii) 13,258 792,798 – – – – – – 806,056 – 806,056
Capitalisation of placing and 
 shareholder subscription expenses – (6,395) – – – – – – (6,395) – (6,395)
Issuance of shares upon exercise 
 of share options 28(c)(ii) 556 5,215 – – (1,321) – – – 4,450 – 4,450
Vesting of shares under the 
 Share Award Plan – – 9,774 – (17,446) – – 7,672 – – –
Equity settled share-based 
 transactions 6(b) – – – – 22,590 – – – 22,590 – 22,590
Disposal of a subsidiary 31 – – – – – (31,827) – 31,827 – (4,529) (4,529)
Acquisition of non-controlling 
 interests without change in control – – – – – (46,173) – – (46,173) (220,860) (267,033)
             
13,814 791,618 9,774 – 3,823 (78,000) (109,284) 39,499 671,244 (225,389) 445,855
             
Balance at 31 December 2022 197,853 2,101,464 (23,835) (163,922) 12,038 27,921 610,907 1,302,272 4,064,698 51,075 4,115,773
             
The notes on pages 129 to 182 form part of these financial statements.

===== PAGE 129 =====
127
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
CHANGES IN EQUITY (CONTINUED)
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
 
Share 
capital
Share 
premium
Awarded 
shares held
 under the
 Share 
Award Plan
Exchange
 reserve
Capital 
reserve
Other 
reserves
Contributed
 surplus
Retained 
profits Total
Non-
controlling
 interests
Total
 equity
(note 28(c)) (note 28(d)(i)) (note 28(d)(v)) (note 28(d)(iii))(note 28(d)(iv)) (note 28(d)(vi)) (note 28(d)(ii))
Note $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000
Balance at 1 January 2023 197,853 2,101,464 (23,835) (163,922) 12,038 27,921 610,907 1,302,272 4,064,698 51,075 4,115,773             
Changes in equity for 2023:
Profit for the year – – – – – – – 475,260 475,260 5,821 481,081
Other comprehensive income 10 – – – (26,114) – – – – (26,114) (780) (26,894)
             
Total comprehensive income – – – (26,114) – – – 475,260 449,146 5,041 454,187             
Dividends approved in respect
 of the previous year 28(b)(ii) – – – – – – (180,964) – (180,964) – (180,964)
Issuance of shares upon exercise
 of share options 28(c)(ii) 41 392 – – (103) – – – 330 – 330
Vesting of shares under the 
 Share Award Plan – – 10,072 – (20,228) – – 10,156 – – –
Equity settled share-based 
 transactions 6(b) – – – – 20,385 – – – 20,385 – 20,385
Release upon lapse of 
 share options – – – – (311) – – 311 – – –
             
41 392 10,072 – (257) – (180,964) 10,467 (160,249) – (160,249)
             
Balance at 31 December 2023 197,894 2,101,856 (13,763) (190,036) 11,781 27,921 429,943 1,787,999 4,353,595 56,116 4,409,711
             
The notes on pages 129 to 182 form part of these financial statements.

===== PAGE 130 =====
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
CONSOLIDATED
CASH FLOW STATEMENT
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
128
2023 2022
Note $’000 $’000
Financing activities
Capital element of lease
 rentals paid 21(d) (10,349) (11,140)
Interest element of lease
 rentals paid 21(d) (921) (669)
Placing and shareholder
 subscription of new shares 28(c)(iii) – 799,661
Proceed for bank loans 21(d) 619,936 776,700
Repayment of bank loans 21(d) (667,200) (83,023)
Acquisition of non-controlling
 interests without change
 in control 16 – (267,033)
Issuance of shares upon
 exercise of share options 28(c)(ii) 330 4,450
Interest paid (24,299) (11,692)
Dividends paid (180,964) (109,284)
    
Net cash (used in)/
 generated from
 financing activities (263,467) 1,097,970
    
Net increase in cash and
 cash equivalents 698,508 702,273
Cash and cash equivalents
 at 1 January  2,818,823 2,267,118
Effect of foreign exchange
 rates changes (16,571) (150,568)
    
Cash and cash equivalents
 at 31 December  21(a) 3,500,760 2,818,823
    
The notes on pages 129 to 182 form part of these financial 
statements.
2023 2022
Note $’000 $’000
Operating activities
Cash generated from
 operations 21(c) 1,306,883 833,660
Tax paid
— Hong Kong Profits Tax paid (56,551) (11,614)
— Chinese Mainland income
  taxes paid (54,381) (33,452)
— Tax paid in respect of
  jurisdictions outside
  Hong Kong and
  Chinese Mainland (9,873) (14,598)
    
Net cash generated from
 operating activities 1,186,078 773,996
    
Investing activities
Proceeds from disposal of
 property, plant and
 equipment 1,721 3,243
Proceeds from redemption of
 certificates of deposits – 3,124
Decrease/(increase) in fixed
 deposits with more than
 three months to maturity
 when placed 61,723 (61,723)
Increase in restricted
 bank deposits (55,884) –
Payment for the purchase of
 property, plant and
 equipment (502,059) (1,176,262)
Payment for the purchase of
 intangible assets (6,125) (4,394)
Payment for purchase of
 other financial assets (15,405) (1,710)
Net cash outflow from
 disposal of a subsidiary 31 – (14,822)
Government grants received
 relating to acquisition of
 property, plant and
 equipment 201,942 33,324
Interest received 89,984 49,527
    
Net cash used in
 investing activities (224,103) (1,169,693)
    

===== PAGE 131 =====
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
129
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with 
HKFRSs requires management to make judgements, estimates 
and assumptions that affect the application of policies and 
reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. The 
estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical 
experience and various other factors that are believed to be 
reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form 
the basis of making the judgements about carrying values of 
assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other 
sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an 
ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised 
in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision 
affects only that period, or in the period of the revision and future 
periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.
Judgements made by management in the application of HKFRSs 
that have a significant effect on the financial statements and 
major sources of estimation uncertainty are discussed in note 3.
(c) CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(i) New and amended HKFRSs
The Group has applied the following amendments to HKFRS 
issued by the HKICPA to these financial statements for the 
current accounting period:
•	 HKFRS 	17,	Insurance contracts
•	 Amendments 	to 	HKAS 	8, 	Accounting policies, changes in 
accounting estimates and errors: Definition of accounting
•	 Amendments 	 to 	 HKAS 	 1, 	 Presentation of financial 
statements and HKFRS Practice Statement 2, Making 
materiality judgements: Disclosure of accounting policies
•	 Amendments 	 to 	 HKAS 	 12, 	Income taxes: Deferred tax 
related to assets and liabilities arising from a single 
transaction
•	 Amendments 	to 	HKAS 	12, 	Income taxes: International tax 
reform — Pillar Two model rules
None of the developments have had a material effect on how the 
Group’s results and financial position for the current or prior 
periods have been prepared or presented. The Group has not 
applied any new standard or interpretation that is not yet 
effective for the current accounting period.
1 GENERAL
The Company is incorporated in Bermuda under the Companies 
Act 1981 of Bermuda as an exempted company with limited 
liability. The Company is a public limited company with its shares 
listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock 
Exchange”). The directors consider the ultimate controlling party 
of the Group to be BOE Technology Group Co., Ltd, which is 
incorporated in the PRC. The addresses of the registered office 
and principal place of business of the Company are Clarendon 
House, 2 Church Street, Hamilton HM11, Bermuda and Units A-F, 
35/F., Legend Tower, No.7 Shing Yip Street, Kwun Tong, Kowloon, 
Hong Kong respectively.
The Company acts as an investment holding company. Its 
subsidiaries are principally engaged in the automotive and 
industrial display business and has monochrome display 
manufacturing capacity and TFT module assembly capacity.
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(a) STATEMENT OF COMPLIANCE
These financial statements have been prepared in accordance 
with all applicable Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards 
(“HKFRSs”), which collective term includes all applicable individual 
Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong Accounting 
Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations issued by the Hong Kong 
Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”), and the 
disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. 
These financial statements also comply with the applicable 
disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of 
Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the 
“Listing Rules”). Material accounting policies adopted by the 
Group are disclosed below.
The HKICPA has issued certain amendments to HKFRSs that are 
first effective or available for early adoption for the current 
accounting period of the Group. Note 2(c) provides information 
on any changes in accounting policies resulting from initial 
application of these developments to the extent that they are 
relevant to the Group for the current accounting periods reflected 
in these financial statements.
(b) BASIS OF PREPARATION OF THE FINANCIAL  
STATEMENTS
The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2023 comprise the Company and its subsidiaries and 
the Group’s interest in associates.
The measurement basis used in the preparation of the financial 
statements is the historical cost basis except that the 
investments in equity securities are stated at their fair values as 
explained in note 2(h).

===== PAGE 132 =====
130
 Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
(CONTINUED)
(c) CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
(CONTINUED)
(ii) New HKICPA guidance on the accounting 
implications of the abolition of the MPF-LSP 
offsetting mechanism
In June 2022, the Government of the Hong Kong SAR (the 
“Government”) gazetted the Hong Kong Employment and 
Retirement Schemes Legislation (Offsetting Arrangement) 
(Amendment) Ordinance 2022 (the “Amendment Ordinance”), 
which will come into effect from 1 May 2025 (the “Transition 
Date”). Once the Amendment Ordinance takes effect, an 
employer can no longer use any of the accrued benefits derived 
from its mandatory contributions to mandatory provident fund 
(“MPF”) scheme to reduce the long service payment (“LSP”) in 
respect of an employee’s service from the Transition Date (the 
abolition of the “offsetting mechanism”). In addition, the LSP in 
respect of the service before the Transition Date will be 
calculated based on the employee’s monthly salary immediately 
before the Transition Date and the years of service up to that 
date.
In July 2023, the HKICPA published the captioned accounting 
guidance relating to the abolition of the offsetting mechanism. In 
particular, the guidance indicates that entities may account for 
the accrued benefits derived from mandatory MPF contributions 
that are expected to be used to reduce the LSP payable to an 
employee as deemed contributions by that employee towards 
the LSP.
To better reflect the substance of the abolition of the offsetting 
mechanism, the Group has applied the above HKICPA guidance 
and changed its accounting policy in connection with its LSP 
liability, which should result in a catch-up profit or loss 
adjustment in June 2022 for the service cost up to that date and 
consequential impacts on current service cost, interest expense 
and remeasurement effects from changes in actuarial 
assumptions for the rest of 2022, with the corresponding 
adjustment to the comparative carrying amount of the LSP 
liability.
The abolition of the offsetting mechanism did not have a material 
impact on the Group’s profit or loss for the year ended 31 
December 2022 and the Group’s and the Company’s financial 
position as at 31 December 2022. In light of the immaterial 
impact, the Group did not apply the change in its accounting 
policy retrospectively. Alternatively, the catch-up profit or loss 
adjustment was recognised in the current accounting period with 
the corresponding adjustment to the LSP liability.
(d) SUBSIDIARIES, CONTROLLED STRUCTURED 
ENTITIES AND NON-CONTROLLING 
INTERESTS
Subsidiaries are entities (including structured entities) controlled 
by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed, or 
has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the entity 
and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over 
the entity. When assessing whether the Group has power, only 
substantive rights (held by the Group and other parties) are 
considered.
A structured entity is an entity that has been designed so that 
voting or similar rights are not the dominant factor in deciding 
who controls the entity, such as when any voting rights relate to 
administrative tasks only and the relevant activities are directed 
by means of contractual arrangements.
An investment in a subsidiary is consolidated into the 
consolidated financial statements from the date that control 
commences until the date that control ceases. Intra-group 
balances and transactions and any unrealised profits arising from 
intra-group transactions are eliminated in full in preparing the 
consolidated financial statements. Unrealised losses resulting 
from intra-group transactions are eliminated in the same way as 
unrealised gains but only to the extent that there is no evidence 
of impairment.
Non-controlling interests represent the equity in a subsidiary not 
attributable directly or indirectly to the Company, and in respect 
of which the Group has not agreed any additional terms with the 
holders of those interests which would result in the Group as a 
whole having a contractual obligation in respect of those 
interests that meets the definition of a financial liability. For each 
business combination, the Group can elect to measure any non-
controlling interests either at fair value or at the non-controlling 
interests’ proportionate share of the subsidiary’s net identifiable 
assets.
Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated 
statement of financial position within equity, separately from 
equity attributable to the equity shareholders of the Company. 
Non-controlling interests in the results of the Group are 
presented on the face of the consolidated statement of profit or 
loss and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other 
comprehensive income as an allocation of the total profit or loss 
and total comprehensive income for the year between non-
controlling interests and the equity shareholders of the Company.

===== PAGE 133 =====
131
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in an 
associate, the Group’s interest is reduced to nil and recognition of 
further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group 
has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments 
on behalf of the investee. For this purpose, the Group’s interest is 
the carrying amount of the investment under the equity method, 
together with any other long-term interests that in substance form 
part of the Group’s net investment in the associate (after applying 
the Expected Credit Loss (“ECL”) model to such other long-term 
interests where applicable (see note 2(l)(i)).
Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between 
the Group and its associates are eliminated to the extent of the 
Group’s interest in the associates, except where unrealised 
losses provide evidence of an impairment of the asset 
transferred, in which case they are recognised immediately in 
profit or loss.
When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an 
associate, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest 
in that associate, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in 
profit or loss.
(f) BUSINESS COMBINATIONS
The Group accounts for business combinations using the 
acquisition method when control is transferred to the Group (see 
note 2(d)). The consideration transferred in the acquisition is 
generally measured at fair value, as are the identifiable net assets 
acquired. Any goodwill that arises is tested annually for 
impairment (see note 2(l)(iii)). Any gain on a bargain purchase is 
recognised in profit or loss immediately. Transaction costs are 
expensed as incurred, except if related to the issue of debt or 
equity securities (see note 2(h)).
The consideration transferred does not include amounts related 
to the settlement of pre-existing relationships. Such amounts are 
generally recognised in profit or loss.
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
(CONTINUED)
(d) SUBSIDIARIES, CONTROLLED STRUCTURED 
ENTITIES AND NON-CONTROLLING 
INTERESTS (CONTINUED)
Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result 
in a loss of control are accounted for as equity transactions, 
whereby adjustments are made to the amounts of controlling 
and non-controlling interests within consolidated equity to reflect 
the change in relative interests, but no adjustments are made to 
goodwill and no gain or loss is recognised.
When the group loses control of a subsidiary, it is accounted for 
as a disposal of the entire interest in that subsidiary, with a 
resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. Any 
interest retained in that former subsidiary at the date when 
control is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is 
regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset 
(see note 2(h)) or, when appropriate, the cost on initial 
recognition of an investment in an associate.
In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment 
in subsidiaries is stated at cost less impairment losses (see note 
2(l)(iii)).
(e) ASSOCIATE
An associate is an entity in which the Group or Company has 
significant influence, but not control or joint control, over its 
management, including participation in the financial and 
operating policy decisions.
An investment in an associate is accounted for in the 
consolidated financial statements under the equity method. 
Under the equity method, the investment is initially recorded at 
cost, adjusted for any excess of the Group’s share of the 
acquisition-date fair values of the associate’s identified net assets 
over the cost of the investment (if any). Thereafter, the 
investment is adjusted for the post-acquisition change in the 
Group’s share of the associate’s net assets and any impairment 
loss relating to the investment (see note 2(l)(iii)). Any acquisition-
date excess over cost, the Group’s share of the post-acquisition, 
post-tax results of associates and any impairment losses for the 
year are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or 
loss, whereas the Group’s share of the post-acquisition post-tax 
items of associates’ other comprehensive income is recognised 
in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other 
comprehensive income.

===== PAGE 134 =====
132
 Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
(i) Investments other than equity investments
Non-equity investments held by the Group are classified as 
amortised cost, if the investment is held for the collection of 
contractual cash flows which represent solely payments of 
principal and interest. Interest income from the investment is 
calculated using the effective interest method (see note 2(u)(ii)).
(ii) Equity investments
An investment in equity securities is classified as FVPL unless the 
equity investment is not held for trading purposes and on initial 
recognition of the investment the Group makes an irrevocable 
election to designate the investment at FVOCI (non-recycling) 
such that subsequent changes in fair value are recognised in 
other comprehensive income. Such elections are made on an 
instrument-by-instrument basis, but may only be made if the 
investment meets the definition of equity from the issuer’s 
perspective. Where such an election is made, the amount 
accumulated in other comprehensive income remains in the fair 
value reserve (non-recycling) until the investment is disposed of. 
At the time of disposal, the amount accumulated in the fair value 
reserve (non-recycling) is transferred to retained earnings. It is 
not recycled through profit or loss. Dividends from an investment 
in equity securities, irrespective of whether classified as at FVPL 
or FVOCI, are recognised in profit or loss as other income.
(i) PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated 
depreciation and impairment losses (see note 2(l)(iii)).
Gains or losses arising from the retirement or disposal of an item 
of property, plant and equipment are determined as the 
difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying 
amount of the item and are recognised in profit or loss on the 
date of retirement or disposal.
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
(CONTINUED)
(g) GOODWILL
Goodwill represents the excess of
(i) t he aggregate of the fair value of the consideration 
transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in 
the acquiree and the fair value of the Group’s previously 
held equity interest in the acquiree; over
(ii) the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets and  
liabilities measured as at the acquisition date.
When (ii) is greater than (i), then this excess is recognised 
immediately in profit or loss as a gain on a bargain purchase.
Goodwill is stated at cost less accumulated impairment losses. 
Goodwill arising on a business combination is allocated to each 
cash-generating unit, or Groups of cash generating units, that is 
expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination and is 
tested annually for impairment (see note 2(l)(iii)).
On disposal of a cash generating unit during the year, any 
attributable amount of purchased goodwill is included in the 
calculation of the profit or loss on disposal.
(h) OTHER INVESTMENTS IN DEBT AND EQUITY 
SECURITIES
The Group’s policies for investments in debt and equity 
securities, other than investments in subsidiaries and associate, 
are set out below.
Investments in debt and equity securities are recognised or 
derecognised on the date the Group commits to purchase or sell 
the investment. The investments are initially stated at fair value 
plus directly attributable transaction costs, except for those 
investments measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVPL) 
for which transaction costs are recognised directly in profit or 
loss. For an explanation of how the Group determines fair value 
of financial instruments, see note 29(e). These investments are 
subsequently accounted for as follows, depending on their 
classification.

===== PAGE 135 =====
133
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
Both the period and method of amortisation are reviewed 
annually.
Intangible assets are not amortised while their useful lives are 
assessed to be indefinite. Any conclusion that the useful life of 
an intangible asset is indefinite is reviewed annually to determine 
whether events and circumstances continue to support the 
indefinite useful life assessment for that asset. If they do not, the 
change in the useful life assessment from indefinite to finite is 
accounted for prospectively from the date of change and in 
accordance with the policy for amortisation of intangible assets 
with finite lives as set out above.
(k) LEASED ASSETS
At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether the 
contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, a lease 
if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified 
asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. Control 
is conveyed where the customer has both the right to direct the 
use of the identified asset and to obtain substantially all of the 
economic benefits from that use.
As a lessee
Where the contract contains lease component(s) and non-lease 
component(s), the Group has elected not to separate non-lease 
components and accounts for each lease component and any 
associated non-lease components as a single lease component 
for all leases.
At the lease commencement date, the Group recognises a right-
of-use asset and a lease liability, except for leases of low-value 
assets which, for the Group are primarily office equipment. When 
the Group enters into a lease in respect of a low-value asset, the 
Group decides whether to capitalise the lease on a lease-by-
lease basis. The lease payments associated with those leases 
which are not capitalised are recognised as an expense on a 
systematic basis over the lease term.
The right-of-use asset recognised when a lease is capitalised is 
initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of 
the lease liability plus any lease payments made at or before the 
commencement date, and any initial direct costs incurred. Where 
applicable, the cost of the right-of-use assets also includes an 
estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset 
or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is 
located, discounted to their present value, less any lease 
incentives received. The right-of-use asset is subsequently stated 
at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (see 
notes 2(i) and 2(l)(iii)).
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
(CONTINUED)
(i) PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT 
(CONTINUED)
Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost of items of 
property, plant and equipment, less their estimated residual 
values, if any, using the straight-line method over their estimated 
useful lives as follows:
— Right-of-use assets arising from leases over freehold or 
leasehold properties where the Group is not the registered 
owner of the property interest are depreciated over the 
unexpired term of lease
— Interests in land and buildings 40 years
— Plant and machinery 2 to 10 years
— Tools and equipment 2 to 8 years
— Office equipment 2 to 8 years
— Others 2 to 5 years
Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have 
different useful lives, the cost or valuation of the item is allocated 
on a reasonable basis between the parts and each part is 
depreciated separately. Both the useful life of an asset and its 
residual value, if any, are reviewed annually.
(j) INTANGIBLE ASSETS (OTHER THAN 
GOODWILL)
Intangible assets (other than goodwill) that are acquired by the 
Group are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation (where 
the estimated useful life is finite) and impairment losses (see note 
2(l)(iii)).
Amortisation of intangible assets with finite useful lives is 
charged to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the assets’ 
estimated useful lives. The following intangible assets with finite 
useful lives are amortised from the date they are available for 
use and their estimated useful lives are as follows:
— Technology know-how 7 years
— Computer software 5–10 years

===== PAGE 136 =====
134
 Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
The expected cash shortfalls are discounted using the following 
discount rates where the effect of discounting is material:
— fixed-rate financial assets and trade and other receivables: 
effective interest rate determined at initial recognition or 
an approximation thereof;
— variable-rate financial assets: current effective interest  
rate;
The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the 
maximum contractual period over which the Group is exposed to 
credit risk.
In measuring ECLs, the Group takes into account reasonable and 
supportable information that is available without undue cost or 
effort. This includes information about past events, current 
conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.
ECLs are measured on either of the following bases:
— 12-month ECLs: these are losses that are expected to  
result from possible default events within the 12 months 
after the reporting date; and
— lifetime ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result 
from all possible default events over the expected lives of 
the items to which the ECL model applies.
Loss allowances for trade receivables are always measured at an 
amount equal to lifetime ECLs. ECLs on these financial assets are 
estimated using a provision matrix based on the Group’s 
historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are 
specific to the debtors and an assessment of both the current 
and forecast general economic conditions at the reporting date.
For all other financial instruments, the Group recognises a loss 
allowance equal to 12-month ECLs unless there has been a 
significant increase in credit risk of the financial instrument since 
initial recognition, in which case the loss allowance is measured 
at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
(CONTINUED)
(k) LEASED ASSETS (CONTINUED)
As a lessee (Continued)
The initial fair value of refundable rental deposits is accounted for 
separately from the right-of-use assets in accordance with the 
accounting policy applicable to investments in debt securities 
carried at amortised cost (see notes 2(h) and 2(l)(i)). Any 
difference between the initial fair value and the nominal value of 
the deposits is accounted for as additional lease payments made 
and is included in the cost of right-of-use assets.
The lease liability is also remeasured when there is a change in 
the scope of a lease or the consideration for a lease that is not 
originally provided for in the lease contract (“lease modification”) 
that is not accounted for as a separate lease. In this case the 
lease liability is remeasured based on the revised lease payments 
and lease term using a revised discount rate at the effective date 
of the modification.
In the consolidated statement of financial position, the current 
portion of long-term lease liabilities is determined as the present 
value of contractual payments that are due to be settled within 
twelve months after the reporting period.
(l) CREDIT LOSSES AND IMPAIRMENT OF 
ASSETS
(i) Credit losses from financial instruments
The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses 
(ECLs) on the financial assets measured at amortised cost 
(including cash and cash equivalents, trade and other 
receivables, other financial assets and amounts due from 
associates, which are held for the collection of contractual cash 
flows which represent solely payments of principal and interest).
Measurement of ECLs
ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit 
losses are measured as the present value of all expected cash 
shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the 
Group in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that 
the Group expects to receive).

===== PAGE 137 =====
135
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
ECLs are remeasured at each reporting date to reflect changes in 
the financial instrument’s credit risk since initial recognition. Any 
change in the ECL amount is recognised as an impairment gain 
or loss in profit or loss. The Group recognises an impairment gain 
or loss for all financial instruments with a corresponding 
adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance 
account.
Basis of calculation of interest income
Interest income recognised in accordance with note 2(u)(ii) is 
calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial 
asset unless the financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case 
interest income is calculated based on the amortised cost (i.e. 
the gross carrying amount less loss allowance) of the financial 
asset.
At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether a financial 
asset is credit-impaired. A financial asset is credit-impaired when 
one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the 
estimated future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred.
Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the 
following observable events:
— significant financial difficulties of the debtor;
— a breach of contract, such as a default or delinquency in  
interest or principal payments;
— it becoming probable that the borrower will enter into  
bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation;
— significant changes in the technological, market, economic 
or legal environment that have an adverse effect on the 
debtor; or
— the disappearance of an active market for a security  
because of financial difficulties of the issuer.
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
(CONTINUED)
(l) CREDIT LOSSES AND IMPAIRMENT OF 
ASSETS (CONTINUED)
(i) Credit losses from financial instruments 
(Continued)
Significant increases in credit risk
In assessing whether the credit risk of a financial instrument has 
increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group 
compares the risk of default occurring on the financial instrument 
assessed at the reporting date with that assessed at the date of 
initial recognition. In making this reassessment, the Group 
considers that a default event occurs when (i) the borrower is 
unlikely to pay its credit obligations to the Group in full, without 
recourse by the Group to actions such as realising security (if any 
is held); or (ii) the financial asset is 12 months past due. The 
Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information 
that is reasonable and supportable, including historical 
experience and forward-looking information that is available 
without undue cost or effort.
In particular, the following information is taken into account when 
assessing whether credit risk has increased significantly since 
initial recognition:
— failure to make payments of principal or interest on their  
contractually due dates ;
— an actual or expected significant deterioration in a financial 
instrument’s external or internal credit rating (if available);
— an actual or expected significant deterioration in the  
operating results of the debtor; and
— existing or forecast changes in the technological, market,  
economic or legal environment that have a significant 
adverse effect on the debtor’s ability to meet its obligation 
to the Group.
Depending on the nature of the financial instruments, the 
assessment of a significant increase in credit risk is performed on 
either an individual basis or a collective basis. When the 
assessment is performed on a collective basis, the financial 
instruments are grouped based on shared credit risk 
characteristics, such as past due status and credit risk ratings.

===== PAGE 138 =====
136
 Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
The Group monitors the risk that the specified debtor will default 
on the contract and recognises a provision when ECLs on the 
financial guarantees are determined to be higher than the 
carrying amount in respect of the guarantees (i.e. the amount 
initially recognised, less accumulated amortisation).
To determine ECLs, the Group considers changes in the risk of 
default of the specified debtor since the issuance of the 
guarantee. A 12-month ECL is measured unless the risk that the 
specified debtor will default has increased significantly since the 
guarantee is issued, in which case a lifetime ECL is measured. 
The same definition of default and the same assessment of 
significant increase in credit risk as described in note 2(l)(i) apply.
As the Group is required to make payments only in the event of a 
default by the specified debtor in accordance with the terms of 
the instrument that is guaranteed, an ECL is estimated based on 
the expected payments to reimburse the holder for a credit loss 
that it incurs less any amount that the Group expects to receive 
from the holder of the guarantee, the specified debtor or any 
other party. The amount is then discounted using the current 
risk-free rate adjusted for risks specific to the cash flows.
(iii) Impairment of other non-current assets
Internal and external sources of information are reviewed at the 
end of each reporting period to identify indications that the 
following assets may be impaired or, except in the case of 
goodwill, an impairment loss previously recognised no longer 
exists or may have decreased:
— property, plant and equipment, including right-of-use  
assets (other than property carried at revalued amounts);
— pre-paid interests in leasehold land classified as being held 
under an operating lease;
— intangible assets;
— goodwill; and
— investments in subsidiaries in the Company’s statement of 
financial position and interest in associates.
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
(CONTINUED)
(l) CREDIT LOSSES AND IMPAIRMENT OF 
ASSETS (CONTINUED)
(i) Credit losses from financial instruments 
(Continued)
Write-off policy
The gross carrying amount of a financial asset, lease receivable 
or contract asset is written off (either partially or in full) to the 
extent that there is no realistic prospect of recovery. This is 
generally the case when the asset becomes 365 days past due or 
when the Group determines that the debtor does not have assets 
or sources of income that could generate sufficient cash flows to 
repay the amounts subject to the write-off.
Subsequent recoveries of an asset that was previously written off 
are recognised as a reversal of impairment in profit or loss in the 
period in which the recovery occurs.
(ii) Credit losses from financial guarantees issued
Financial guarantees are contracts that require the issuer (i.e. the 
guarantor) to make specified payments to reimburse the 
beneficiary of the guarantee (the “holder”) for a loss the holder 
incurs because a specified debtor fails to make payment when 
due in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument.
Financial guarantees issued are initially recognised at fair value, 
which is determined by reference to fees charged in an arm’s 
length transaction for similar services, when such information is 
obtainable, or to interest rate differentials, by comparing the 
actual rates charged by lenders when the guarantee is made 
available with the estimated rates that lenders would have 
charged, had the guarantees not been available, where reliable 
estimates of such information can be made. Where consideration 
is received or receivable for the issuance of the guarantee, the 
consideration is recognised in accordance with the Group’s 
policies applicable to that category of asset. Where no such 
consideration is received or receivable, an immediate expense is 
recognised in profit or loss.
Subsequent to initial recognition, the amount initially recognised 
as deferred income is amortised in profit or loss over the term of 
the guarantee as income from financial guarantees issued.

===== PAGE 139 =====
137
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
— Reversals of impairment losses
In respect of assets other than goodwill, an impairment 
loss is reversed if there has been a favourable change in 
the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. 
An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed.
A reversal of an impairment loss is limited to the asset’s 
carrying amount that would have been determined had no 
impairment loss been recognised in prior years. Reversals 
of impairment losses are credited to profit or loss in the 
year in which the reversals are recognised.
(iv) Interim financial reporting and impairment
Under the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock 
Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, the Group is required to prepare 
an interim financial report in compliance with HKAS 34, Interim 
financial reporting , in respect of the first six months of the 
financial year. At the end of the interim period, the Group applies 
the same impairment testing, recognition, and reversal criteria as 
it would at the end of the financial year (see notes 2(l)(i), (ii) and 
(iii)).
Impairment losses recognised in an interim period in respect of 
goodwill are not reversed in a subsequent period. This is the case 
even if no loss, or a smaller loss, would have been recognised 
had the impairment been assessed only at the end of the 
financial year to which the interim period relates.
(m) INVENTORIES
Inventories are carried at the lower of cost and net realisable 
value.
Cost is calculated using the first-in first-out method and 
comprises all costs of purchase, costs of conversion and other 
costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location 
and condition.
Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary 
course of business less the estimated costs of completion and 
the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.
When inventories are sold, the carrying amount of those 
inventories is recognised as an expense in the period in which 
the related revenue is recognised. The amount of any write-down 
of inventories to net realisable value and all losses of inventories 
are recognised as an expense in the period in which the write-
down or loss occurs. The amount of any reversal of any write-
down of inventories is recognised as a reduction in the amount 
of inventories recognised as an expense in the period in which 
the reversal occurs.
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
(CONTINUED)
(l) CREDIT LOSSES AND IMPAIRMENT OF 
ASSETS (CONTINUED)
(iii) Impairment of other non-current assets 
(Continued)
If any such indication exists, the asset’s recoverable amount is 
estimated. In addition, for goodwill, the recoverable amount is 
estimated annually whether or not there is any indication of 
impairment.
— Calculation of recoverable amount
The recoverable amount of an asset is the greater of its fair 
value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing 
value in use, the estimated future cash flows are 
discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount 
rate that reflects current market assessments of the time 
value of money and the risks specific to the asset. Where 
an asset does not generate cash inflows largely 
independent of those from other assets, the recoverable 
amount is determined for the smallest group of assets that 
generates cash inflows independently (i.e. a cash-
generating unit). A portion of the carrying amount of a 
corporate asset (for example, head office building) is 
allocated to an individual cash-generating unit if the 
allocation can be done on a reasonable and consistent 
basis, or to the smallest group of cash-generating units if 
otherwise.
— Recognition of impairment losses
An impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss if the 
carrying amount of an asset, or the cash-generating unit to 
which it belongs, exceeds its recoverable amount. 
Impairment losses recognised in respect of cash-
generating units are allocated first to reduce the carrying 
amount of any goodwill allocated to the cash-generating 
unit (or group of units) and then, to reduce the carrying 
amount of the other assets in the unit (or group of units) on 
a pro rata basis, except that the carrying value of an asset 
will not be reduced below its individual fair value less costs 
of disposal (if measurable) or value in use (if determinable).

===== PAGE 140 =====
138
 Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
Capitalised contract costs are stated at cost less accumulated 
amortisation and impairment losses. Impairment losses are 
recognised to the extent that the carrying amount of the contract 
cost asset exceeds the net of (i) remaining amount of 
consideration that the Group expects to receive in exchange for 
the goods or services to which the asset relates, less (ii) any 
costs that relate directly to providing those goods or services that 
have not yet been recognised as expenses.
Amortisation of capitalised contract costs is charged to profit or 
loss when the performance obligations relate to the contract are 
satisfied. The accounting policy for revenue recognition is set out 
in note 2(u).
(o) TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
A receivable is recognised when the Group has an unconditional 
right to receive consideration. A right to receive consideration is 
unconditional if only the passage of time is required before 
payment of that consideration is due.
Receivables are stated at amortised cost using the effective 
interest method less allowance for credit losses (see note 2(l)(i)).
(p) TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value. 
Subsequent to initial recognition, trade and other payables are 
stated at amortised cost unless the effect of discounting would 
be immaterial, in which case they are stated at invoice amounts.
(q) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand, 
demand deposits with banks and other financial institutions, and 
short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into 
known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant 
risk of changes in value, having been within three months of 
maturity at acquisition. Cash and cash equivalents are assessed for 
ECL in accordance with the policy set out in note 2(l)(i).
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
(CONTINUED)
(n) CONTRACT ASSETS, CONTRACT LIABILITIES  
AND OTHER CONTRACT COSTS
(i) Contract assets and contract liabilities
A contract asset is recognised when the Group recognises 
revenue (see note 2(u)) before being unconditionally entitled to 
the consideration under the payment terms set out in the 
contract. Contract assets are assessed for ECL in accordance 
with the policy set out in note 2(l)(i) and are reclassified to 
receivables when the right to the consideration has become 
unconditional (see note 2(o)).
A contract liability is recognised when the customer pays 
consideration before the Group recognises the related revenue 
(see note 2(u)). A contract liability would also be recognised if the 
Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration before 
the Group recognises the related revenue. In such cases, a 
corresponding receivable would also be recognised (see note 
2(o)).
For a single contract with the customer, either a net contract 
asset or a net contract liability is presented. For multiple 
contracts, contract assets and contract liabilities of unrelated 
contracts are not presented on a net basis.
When the contract includes a significant financing component, 
the contract balance includes interest accrued under the 
effective interest method (see note 2(u)).
(ii) Other contract costs
Other contract costs are either the incremental costs of obtaining 
a contract with a customer or the costs to fulfil a contract with a 
customer which are not capitalised as inventory (see note 2(m)), 
property, plant and equipment (see note 2(i)) or intangible assets 
(see note 2(j)).
Incremental costs of obtaining a contract are those costs that the 
Group incurs to obtain a contract with a customer that it would 
not have incurred if the contract had not been obtained e.g. an 
incremental sales commission. Incremental costs of obtaining a 
contract are capitalised when incurred if the costs are expected 
to be recovered, unless the expected amortisation period is one 
year or less from the date of initial recognition of the asset, in 
which case the costs are expensed when incurred. Other costs 
of obtaining a contract are expensed when incurred.

===== PAGE 141 =====
139
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
During the vesting period, the number of share options that is 
expected to vest is reviewed. Any resulting adjustment to the 
cumulative fair value recognised in prior years is charged/
credited to profit or loss for the year of the review, unless the 
original employee expenses qualify for recognition as an asset, 
with a corresponding adjustment to the capital reserve. On 
vesting date, the amount recognised as an expense is adjusted 
to reflect the actual number of share options that vest (with a 
corresponding adjustment to the capital reserve) except where 
forfeiture is only due to not achieving vesting conditions that 
relate to the market price of the Company’s shares. The equity 
amount is recognised in the capital reserve until either the option 
is exercised (when it is included in the amount recognised in 
share capital for the shares issued) or the option expires (when it 
is released directly to retained profits).
(iv) Share award plan
For the share award plan, the Group may purchase its own 
shares through the trustee of the share award plan from the 
open market for the shares to be granted under the share award 
plan. Shares held by a controlled structured entity of the Group 
(see note 2(d)) to meet obligations under share award plan (see 
note 27(b)) are accounted for as treasury shares in the 
consolidated financial statements.
(v) Termination benefits
Termination benefits are recognised when, and only when, the 
Group demonstrably commits itself to terminate employment or 
to provide benefits as a result of voluntary redundancy by having 
a detailed formal plan which is without realistic possibility of 
withdrawal.
(s) INCOME TAX
Income tax expense comprises current tax and deferred tax. It is 
recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that it relates to 
a business combination, or items recognised directly in equity or 
in OCI.
Current tax comprises the estimated tax payable or receivable on 
the taxable income or loss for the year and any adjustments to 
the tax payable or receivable in respect of previous years. The 
amount of current tax payable or receivable is the best estimate 
of the tax amount expected to be paid or received that reflects 
any uncertainty related to income taxes. It is measured using tax 
rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date. 
Current tax also includes any tax arising from dividends.
Current tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain criteria 
are met.
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
(CONTINUED)
(r) EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
(i) Short-term employee benefits and 
contributions to defined contribution 
retirement plans
Short-term employee benefits are expensed as the related 
service is provided. A liability is recognised for the amount 
expected to be paid if the Group has a present legal or 
constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result of past 
service provided by the employee and the obligation can be 
estimated reliably.
Obligations for contributions to defined contribution retirement 
plans are expensed as the related service is provided.
(ii) Defined benefit plan obligation
The group has the defined benefit plans of LSP under the Hong 
Kong Employment Ordinance.
The group’s net obligation in respect of defined benefit plans is 
calculated by estimating the amount of future benefit that 
employees have earned in the current and prior periods and 
discounting that amount. For LSP obligations, the estimated 
amount of future benefit is determined after deducting the 
negative service cost arising from the accrued benefits derived 
from the Group’s MPF contributions that have been vested with 
employees, which are deemed to be contributions from the 
relevant employees.
Net interest expense for the period is determined by applying the 
discount rate used to measure the defined benefit obligation at 
the beginning of the reporting period to the then net defined 
benefit liability, taking into account any changes in the net 
defined benefit liability during the period. Net interest expense 
and other expenses related to defined benefit plans are 
recognised in profit or loss.
(iii) Share-based payments
The fair value of share options granted to employees is 
recognised as an employee cost with a corresponding increase 
in a capital reserve within equity. The fair value is measured at 
grant date using the Binomial Option pricing model, taking into 
account the terms and conditions upon which the options were 
granted. Where the employees have to meet vesting conditions 
before becoming unconditionally entitled to the share options, 
the total estimated fair value of the share options is spread over 
the vesting period, taking into account the probability that the 
options will vest.

===== PAGE 142 =====
140
 Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
Where investment properties are carried at their fair value, the 
amount of deferred tax recognised is measured using the tax 
rates that would apply on sale of those assets at their carrying 
value at the reporting date, unless the property is depreciable 
and is held within a business model whose objective is to 
consume substantially all of the economic benefits embodied in 
the property over time, rather than through sale. In all other 
cases, the measurement of deferred tax reflects the tax 
consequences that would follow from the manner in which the 
group expects, at the reporting date, to recover or settle the 
carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.
Current tax balances and deferred tax balances, and movements 
therein, are presented separately from each other and are not 
offset. Current tax assets are offset against current tax liabilities, 
and deferred tax assets against deferred tax liabilities, if the 
Company or the Group has the legally enforceable right to set off 
current tax assets against current tax liabilities and the following 
additional conditions are met:
— in the case of current tax assets and liabilities, the  
Company or the Group intends either to settle on a net 
basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability 
simultaneously; or
— in the case of deferred tax assets and liabilities, if they  
relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation 
authority on either:
— the same taxable entity; or
— different taxable entities, which, in each future 
period in which significant amounts of deferred tax 
liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or 
recovered, intend to realise the current tax assets 
and settle the current tax liabilities on a net basis or 
realise and settle simultaneously.
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
(CONTINUED)
(s) INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)
Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences 
between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for 
financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation 
purposes. Deferred tax is not recognised for:
— temporary differences on the initial recognition of assets or 
liabilities in a transaction that is not a business combination 
and that affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or 
loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible 
temporary differences;
— temporary differences related to investment in subsidiaries,  
associates and joint venture to the extent that the group is 
able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary 
differences and it is probable that they will not reverse in 
the foreseeable future;
— taxable temporary differences arising on the initial  
recognition of goodwill; and
— those related to the income taxes arising from tax laws  
enacted or substantively enacted to implement the Pillar 
Two model rules published by the Organisation for 
Economic Co-operation and Development.
Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses, unused 
tax credits and deductible temporary differences to the extent 
that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available 
against which they can be used. Future taxable profits are 
determined based on the reversal of relevant taxable temporary 
differences. If the amount of taxable temporary differences is 
insufficient to recognise a deferred tax asset in full, then future 
taxable profits, adjusted for reversals of existing temporary 
differences, are considered, based on the business plans for 
individual subsidiaries in the group. Deferred tax assets are 
reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent 
that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be 
realised; such reductions are reversed when the probability of 
future taxable profits improves.

===== PAGE 143 =====
141
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
Further details of the Group’s revenue and other income 
recognition policies are as follows:
(i) Sale of goods
Revenue is recognised at point in time when the customer takes 
possession of and accepts the products. If the products are a 
partial fulfilment of a contract covering other goods and/or 
services, then the amount of revenue recognised is an 
appropriate proportion of the total transaction price under the 
contract, allocated between all the goods and services promised 
under the contract on a relative stand-alone selling price basis.
(ii) Interest income
Interest income is recognised as it accrues using the effective 
interest method. For financial assets measured at amortised cost 
that are not credit-impaired, the effective interest rate is applied 
to the gross carrying amount of the asset. For credit-impaired 
financial assets, the effective interest rate is applied to the 
amortised cost (i.e. gross carrying amount net of loss allowance) 
of the asset (see note 2(l)(i)).
(iii) Government grants
Government grants are recognised in the statement of financial 
position initially when there is reasonable assurance that they 
will be received and that the Group will comply with the 
conditions attaching to them. Grants that compensate the Group 
for expenses incurred are recognised as income in profit or loss 
on a systematic basis in the same periods in which the expenses 
are incurred. Grants that compensate the Group for the cost of 
an asset are recognised as deferred income which is recognised 
in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the useful life of the 
asset.
(iv) Rental income from operating leases
Rental income receivable under operating leases is recognised in 
profit or loss in equal instalments over the periods covered by 
the lease term, except where an alternative basis is more 
representative of the pattern of benefits to be derived from the 
use of the leased asset.
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
(CONTINUED)
(t) PROVISIONS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
Provisions are recognised for other liabilities of uncertain timing 
or amount when the Group or the Company has a legal or 
constructive obligation arising as a result of a past event, it is 
probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to 
settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made. Where 
the time value of money is material, provisions are stated at the 
present value of the expenditure expected to settle the 
obligation.
Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will 
be required, or the amount cannot be estimated reliably, the 
obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the 
probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote. Possible 
obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more future events are 
also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the probability of 
outflow of economic benefits is remote.
Where some or all of the expenditure required to settle a 
provision is expected to be reimbursed by another party, a 
separate asset is recognised for any expected reimbursement 
that would be virtually certain. The amount recognised for the 
reimbursement is limited to the carrying amount of the provision.
(u) REVENUE AND OTHER INCOME
Income is classified by the Group as revenue when it arises from 
the sale of goods. Revenue is recognised when control over a 
product is transferred to the customer, at the amount of 
promised consideration to which the Group is expected to be 
entitled, excluding those amounts collected on behalf of third 
parties. Revenue excludes value added tax or other sales taxes 
and is after deduction of any trade discounts.
The Group takes advantage of the practical expedient in 
paragraph 63 of HKFRS 15 and does not adjust the consideration 
for any effects of a significant financing component if the period 
of financing is 12 months or less.

===== PAGE 144 =====
142
 Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
(x) BORROWING COSTS
Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, 
construction or production of an asset which necessarily takes a 
substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale 
are capitalised as part of the cost of that asset. Other borrowing 
costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.
The capitalisation of borrowing costs as part of the cost of a 
qualifying asset commences when expenditure for the asset is 
being incurred, borrowing costs are being incurred and activities 
that are necessary to prepare the asset for its intended use or 
sale are in progress. Capitalisation of borrowing costs is 
suspended or ceases when substantially all the activities 
necessary to prepare the qualifying asset for its intended use or 
sale are interrupted or completed.
(y) RELATED PARTIES
(1) A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is 
related to the Group if that person:
(i) has control or joint control over the Group;
(ii) has significant influence over the Group; or
(iii) is a member of the key management personnel of  
the Group or the Group’s parent.
(2) An entity is related to the Group if any of the following  
conditions applies:
(i) The entity and the Group are members of the same 
group (which means that each parent, subsidiary and 
fellow subsidiary is related to the others).
(ii) One entity is an associate or joint venture of the  
other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a 
member of a group of which the other entity is a 
member).
(iii) B oth entities are joint ventures of the same third 
party.
(iv) One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the 
other entity is an associate of the third entity.
(v) The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the 
benefit of employees of either the Group or an entity 
related to the Group.
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
(CONTINUED)
(v) RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT
Research and development costs comprise all costs that are 
directly attributable to research and development activities or 
that can be allocated on a reasonable basis to such activities. 
Because of the nature of the Group’s research and development 
activities, the criteria for the recognition of such costs as an asset 
are generally not met until late in the development stage of the 
project when the remaining development costs are immaterial. 
Hence both research costs and development costs are generally 
recognised as expenses in the period in which they are incurred.
(w) TRANSLATION OF FOREIGN CURRENCIES
Foreign currency transactions during the year are translated at 
the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction dates. 
Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies 
are translated at the foreign exchange rates ruling at the end of 
the reporting period. Exchange gains and losses are recognised 
in profit or loss.
Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of 
historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the 
foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction dates. The 
transaction date is the date on which the Company initially 
recognises such non-monetary assets or liabilities. Non-monetary 
assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are 
stated at fair value are translated using the foreign exchange 
rates ruling at the dates the fair value was measured.
The results of operations with functional currency other than 
Hong Kong dollars are translated into Hong Kong dollars at the 
exchange rates approximating the foreign exchange rates ruling 
at the dates of the transactions. Statement of financial position 
items including goodwill arising on consolidation of foreign 
operations acquired on or after 1 January 2005, are translated 
into Hong Kong dollars at the closing foreign exchange rates at 
the end of the reporting period. The resulting exchange 
differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and 
accumulated separately in equity in the exchange reserve.
On disposal of an operation with functional currency other than 
Hong Kong dollars, the cumulative amount of the exchange 
differences relating to that operation is reclassified from equity to 
profit or loss when the gain or loss on disposal is recognised.

===== PAGE 145 =====
143
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
(b) WRITE-DOWN OF INVENTORIES
The Group reviews the carrying amounts of the inventories at the 
end of each reporting period to determine whether the 
inventories are carried at lower of cost and net realisable value in 
accordance with the accounting policy set out in note 2(m). 
Management estimates net realisable value based on the current 
market situation and historical experience on similar inventories. 
Any change in the assumptions would increase or decrease the 
amount of inventories write-down or the related reversal of 
write-down made in prior years and affect the Group’s net asset 
value and profit or loss.
4 REVENUE
The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The 
principal activities of the Group are the design, manufacture and 
sale of liquid crystal displays (“LCDs”) and related products. The 
Group is principally engaged in the automotive and industrial 
display business and has monochrome display manufacturing 
capacity and TFT and touch panel display module assembly 
capacity.
Revenue represents the invoiced value of goods supplied to 
customer by the Group less returns and discounts within the 
scope of HKFRS 15.
The Group’s customer base is diversified and includes two 
customers with whom transactions have exceeded 10% of the 
Group’s revenues in 2023 (2022: two). In 2023 revenues from 
sales to these two customers amounted to approximately 
HK$3,585,002,000 (2022: HK$4,132,550,000). Details of 
concentrations of credit risk are set out in note 29(a).
The Group has applied the practical expedient in paragraph 121 
of HKFRS 15 to its sales contracts such that the above information 
does not include revenue that the Group will be entitled to when 
it satisfies the remaining performance obligations under 
contracts with customers that had an original expected duration 
of one year or less.
Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by 
geographic markets is disclosed in note 12.
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
(CONTINUED)
(y) RELATED PARTIES (CONTINUED)
(vi) The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a  
person identified in (1).
(vii) A person identified in (1)(i) has significant influence  
over the entity or is a member of the key 
management personnel of the entity (or of a parent 
of the entity).
(viii) The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a 
part, provides key management personnel services 
to the Group or to the Group’s parent.
Close members of the family of a person are those family 
members who may be expected to influence, or be influenced 
by, that person in their dealings with the entity.
(z) SEGMENT REPORTING
Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item 
reported in the financial statements, are identified from the 
financial information provided regularly to the Group’s most 
senior executive management for the purposes of allocating 
resources to, and assessing the performance of, the Group’s 
various lines of business and geographical locations.
Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for 
financial reporting purposes unless the segments have similar 
economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature 
of products and services, the nature of production processes, the 
type or class of customers, the methods used to distribute the 
products or provide the services and the nature of the regulatory 
environment. Operating segments which are not individually 
material may be aggregated if they share a majority of these 
criteria.
3 ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND 
ESTIMATES
Notes 27 and 29 contains information about assumptions and 
their risk factors relating to fair value of share options granted 
and financial instruments. Other significant sources of estimation 
uncertainty are as follows:
(a) VALUATION OF TRADE RECEIVABLES
The Group maintains a loss allowance account measured at an 
amount equal to lifetime ECL of receivables stated at amortised 
cost. The loss allowance is estimated using a provision matrix 
based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted 
for factor that are specific to the debtors and an assessment of 
both the current and forecast general economic conditions at the 
reporting date. If there is a change in the financial condition of 
the debtors, actual credit losses would be higher or lower than 
estimated.

===== PAGE 146 =====
144
 Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
6 PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION
Profit before taxation is arrived at after charging:
2023 2022
$’000 $’000
(a) Finance costs
Interest on lease liabilities
 (note 21(d)) 921 669
Interest on bank
 borrowings (note 21(d)) 24,299 11,692
   
25,220 12,361
   
(b) Other items
Trade receivables and
 amounts due from
 associates in respect of:
— Expected credit
  loss allowance 7,298 20,372
Cost of inventories
 (note 19(b)) 9,620,357 9,530,183
Research and
 development costs 236,522 190,165
Contributions to defined
 contribution
 retirement plans 64,886 44,799
Equity settled share-
 based payment 
 expenses 20,385 22,590
   
5 OTHER OPERATING INCOME, NET
2023 2022
$’000 $’000
Changes in fair value of
 other financial assets (716) (736)
Gain on deemed disposal
 of a subsidiary – 98
Government grants
 (note) 71,607 55,416
Interest income on
 financial assets
 measured at
 amortised cost 93,282 52,849
Net exchange (loss)/gain (4,522) 16,840
Net gain on disposal of
 property, plant and
 equipment 1,708 884
Rental receivable from
 operating leases 4,212 14,122
Other income 8,644 4,021
   
174,215 143,494
   
Note: The amount represents the incentives granted by the government to  
the Group for engaging in research and development of high technology 
manufacturing and other subsidies of HK$21,835,000 (2022: 
HK$16,035,000), amortisation of government grants received in relation 
to acquisitions of machineries of HK$48,522,000 (2022: HK$10,197,000), 
incentive related to production of HK$781,000 (2022: HK$22,400,000), 
subsidies of HK$Nil (2022: HK$2,748,000) under Employment Support 
Scheme and incentives granted in relation to staff retention of 
HK$469,000 (2022: HK$4,036,000). There are no unfulfilled conditions 
attaching to these government grants.

===== PAGE 147 =====
145
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
7 INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED  
STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
(a) TAXATION IN THE CONSOLIDATED 
STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS 
REPRESENTS:
2023 2022
$’000 $’000
Current tax —
 Hong Kong Profits Tax
Provision for the year 22,226 38,920
Over-provision in respect
 of prior years (492) (3,467)
   
21,734 35,453
   
Current tax —
 PRC income taxes
Provision for the year 23,614 57,761
Under-provision in respect
 of prior years 9,795 332
   
33,409 58,093
   
Current tax —
 Jurisdictions outside
 Hong Kong and
 the PRC
Provision for the year 6,276 13,447
Under-provision in
 respect of prior years 1,755 1,137
   
8,031 14,584
   
Deferred tax
Origination and reversal of
 temporary differences
 (note 25(b)) (4,223) (10,053)
   
58,951 98,077
   
2023 2022
$’000 $’000
(c) Other operating expenses
Amortisation of
 intangible assets 3,153 5,298
Auditors’ remuneration
 — Audit services 3,281 3,429
 — Review services 586 462
 — Tax services 31 30
Bank charges 3,387 1,680
Building management fee 9,354 5,116
Expense related
 short-term lease 16,150 3,766
Factory consumables,
 cleaning and security
 service expenses 34,340 13,334
Freight charges 73,620 62,032
Insurance and quality
 assurance expenses 10,413 6,330
Legal and professional fees 10,592 12,826
Office expenses 11,702 12,340
Other taxes,
 surcharge & duties 23,893 19,326
Provision of expected credit
 losses allowance on trade
 receivables and amounts
 due from associates 7,298 20,372
Repair and maintenance 36,639 31,939
Sales, marketing and
 commission expenses 55,224 48,864
Subcontracting fees 26,842 84,747
Trademark licence fee 19,305 21,818
Travelling and entertainment
 expenses 36,612 17,097
Utilities expenses 82,095 70,012
Miscellaneous expenses 1,185 3,709
   
465,702 444,527
   
6 PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION (CONTINUED)

===== PAGE 148 =====
146
 Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
(iii) Jurisdictions outside Hong Kong and the 
Chinese Mainland
Taxation for subsidiaries with operations outside Hong Kong and 
the Chinese Mainland is charged at the appropriate current rates 
of taxation ruling in the relevant tax jurisdictions.
(b) RECONCILIATION BETWEEN TAX EXPENSE 
AND ACCOUNTING PROFIT AT APPLICABLE 
TAX RATES:
2023 2022
$’000 $’000
Profit before taxation 540,032 657,647
   
Notional tax on profit
 before taxation,
 calculated at the rates
 applicable to profits
 in the tax jurisdictions
 concerned 86,442 99,100
Tax effect of non-
 deductible expenses 5,625 11,751
Tax effect of
 non-taxable income (9,844) (6,727)
Effect on research
 and development
 bonus deduction (34,388) (30,649)
Tax effect of unused tax
 losses not recognised 9,710 32,407
Tax effect of other
 temporary difference
 not recognised (9,664) (6,284)
Utilisation of unused
 tax losses previously
 not recognised (25) 395
Under/(over)-provisions
 in prior years 11,058 (1,998)
Others 37 82
   
Actual tax expense 58,951 98,077
   
7 INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED  
STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS 
(CONTINUED)
(a) TAXATION IN THE CONSOLIDATED 
STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS 
REPRESENTS: 
(CONTINUED)
(i) Hong Kong Profits Tax
The Group’s operations in Hong Kong are subject to Hong Kong 
Profits Tax at a rate of 16.5%.
(ii) PRC income taxes
The Group ’s operations in the Chinese Mainland are subject to 
Corporate Income Tax Law of the People Republic of China 
(“PRC”). The standard Chinese Mainland Corporate Income Tax 
rate is 25%.
Varitronix (Heyuan) Display Technology Limited (“Varitronix 
Heyuan”), REHEO technology co. ltd. (“REHEO”) and Varitronix 
Automobile Electronics (Huizhou) Co., Ltd (“Varitronix Huizhou”), 
subsidiaries of the Group, were designated as high and new 
technology enterprise, which qualified for a reduced Corporate 
Income Tax rate of 15%. Chengdu BOE Automotive Display 
Technology Co., Ltd. (“Chengdu Automotive”), subsidiary of the 
Group was entitled to preferential tax policy of the western 
development and was subject to the preferential Corporate 
Income Tax rate of 15%. Accordingly, the Varitronix Heyuan and 
Chengdu Automotive’s applicable tax rate are 15% for the 
periods ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, REHEO and 
Varitronix Huizhou’s applicable tax rate are 15% for the period 
ended 31 December 2023 (2022: 25%).
According to relevant laws and regulations promulgated by the 
State Administration of Taxation of the PRC, Varitronix Heyuan 
and Chengdu Automotive was entitled to the bonus deduction of 
its certain research and development costs incurred as tax 
deductible expenses when determining its assessable profits for 
the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022. The Group made 
their best estimate for the bonus deduction to be claimed for 
Varitronix Heyuan in ascertaining its assessable profits for the 
years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022.
Other subsidiaries of the Group incorporated in the Chinese 
Mainland are subject to the standard PRC Corporate Income Tax 
rate of 25%.
Withholding tax is levied on dividend distributions arising from 
profits of the Chinese Mainland entities of the Group earned after 
1 January 2008 based on an applicable tax rate at 5%.

===== PAGE 149 =====
147
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
8 DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS
Directors’ emoluments disclosed pursuant to section 383(1) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies 
(Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation are as follows:
YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023
Directors’
fees Salary
Other 
benefit
Discretionary
bonuses
Retirement
scheme
contributions Sub-total
Share-
based
payments Total
$’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000
Executive Directors
Gao Wenbao – – – – – – – –
Ko Wing Yan, Samantha – 2,400 – 140 18 2,558 812 3,370
Su Ning – 1,010 1,127 786 230 3,153 851 4,004
Non-executive Directors
Shao Xibin – – – – – – – –
Jin Hao – – – – – – – –
Meng Chao (note i) – – – – – – – –
Zhang Jianqiang – – – – – – – –
Independent
 non-executive Directors
Fung, Yuk Kan Peter 200 – – – – 200 118 318
Chu, Howard Ho Hwa 200 – – – – 200 118 318
Hou Ziqiang 98 – – – – 98 118 216
Pang Chunlin (note ii) 147 – – – – 147 – 147
         
Total 645 3,410 1,127 926 248 6,356 2,017 8,373
         

===== PAGE 150 =====
148
 Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
8 DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS (CONTINUED)
YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
Directors’ 
fees Salary
Other
 benefit
Discretionary 
bonuses
Retirement
 scheme 
contributions Sub-total
Share-
based 
payments Total
$’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000
Executive Directors
Gao Wenbao – – – – – – – –
Ko Wing Yan, Samantha – 2,400 – 616 18 3,034 1,433 4,467
Su Ning – 1,008 268 706 230 2,212 1,433 3,645
Non-executive Directors
Shao Xibin – – – – – – – –
Jin Hao – – – – – – – –
Zhang Shujun – – – – – – – –
Zhang Jianqiang (note iii) – – – – – – – –
Independent
 non-executive Directors
Hou Ziqiang (note iv) 200 – – – – 200 287 487
Fung, Yuk Kan Peter 200 – – – – 200 287 487
Chu, Howard Ho Hwa 200 – – – – 200 287 487
         
Total 600 3,408 268 1,322 248 5,846 3,727 9,573
         
Note (1): During the year, no directors exercised share options. (2022: Ms. Ko Wing Yan, Samantha exercised 500,000 shares options on 7 D ecember 2022; Mr. Su 
Ning exercised 500,000 shares options on 9 November 2022; Mr. Hou Ziqiang exercised 100,000 share options on 3 October 2022; Mr. Fung, Yuk Kan Peter 
exercised 100,000 share options on 24 October 2022 and Mr. Chu, Howard Ho Hwa exercised 30,000 share options on 10 October 2022).
Note (i): Meng Chao has been appointed as a non-executive director with effect from 17 February 2023.
Note (ii): Pang Chunlin has been appointed as an independent non-executive director with effect from 7 April 2023.
Note (iii): Zhang Jianqiang has passed away and ceased to be as a non-executive director with effect from January 2023.
Note (iv): Hou Ziqiang has been retired as an independent non-executive director with effect from 27 June 2023.

===== PAGE 151 =====
149
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
11 EARNINGS PER SHARE
(a) BASIC EARNINGS PER SHARE
The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on the 
consolidated profit attributable to ordinary equity shareholders of 
the Company of HK$475,260,000 (2022: HK$582,451,000) and the 
weighted average of 786,365,101 ordinary shares (2022: 
742,756,425 ordinary shares) in issue during the year, calculated 
as follows:
Weighted average number of ordinary shares
2023 2022
Issued ordinary shares
 at 31 December 786,365,101 742,756,425
   
(b) DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE
The calculation of diluted earnings per share is based on the 
consolidated profit attributable to ordinary equity shareholders of 
the Company of HK$475,260,000 (2022: HK$582,451,000) and the 
weighted average of 788,953,698 ordinary shares (2022: 
748,648,454 ordinary shares), calculated as follows:
Weighted average number of ordinary shares 
(diluted)
2023 2022
Weighted average number
 of ordinary shares at
 31 December 786,365,101 742,756,425
Effect of deemed issue of
 share under Company’s
 share option scheme for
 nil consideration 67,855 2,400,478
Effect of Share Award Plan 2,520,742 3,491,551
   
Weighted average number
 of ordinary shares
 (diluted) at 31 December  788,953,698 748,648,454
   
9 INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST 
EMOLUMENTS
Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments, two (2022: 
two) are Directors, whose emoluments are disclosed in note 8. 
The aggregate of the emoluments in respect of the other three 
(2022: three) individuals are as follows:
2023 2022
$’000 $’000
Salaries and other
 emoluments 4,448 3,957
Discretionary bonuses 1,299 1,793
Share-based payments 1,388 1,742
Retirement scheme
 contributions 88 83
   
7,223 7,575
   
The emoluments of the three (2022: three) individuals with the 
highest emoluments are within the following band:
2023 2022
Number of
individual
Number of
individual
$2,000,001–$2,500,000 2 1
$2,500,001–$3,000,000 1 2
   
10 OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
There are no tax effects in respect of the components of other 
comprehensive income.
Components of other comprehensive income are as follows:
2023 2022
$’000 $’000
Exchange translation
 adjustments:
Exchange differences on
 translation of financial
 statements of
 operations outside
 Hong Kong (26,894) (235,491)
Net amount previously
 recognised in other
 comprehensive
 income transferred
 to profit or loss
 in the current year – 214   
(26,894) (235,277)   

===== PAGE 152 =====
150
 Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
(i) Group’s revenues from external customers
2023 2022
$’000 $’000
The PRC
 (place of domicile) 7,913,271 7,494,766
   
Europe 1,412,246 1,607,278
America 727,532 680,320
Korea 304,753 396,589
Others 402,614 543,408
   
2,847,145 3,227,595
   
Consolidated revenue 10,760,416 10,722,361
   
Revenue from external customers located in Europe are analysed 
as follows:
2023 2022
$’000 $’000
Czech Republic 315,521 443,518
Germany 242,108 237,130
Romania 142,705 214,818
France 140,563 99,060
Portugal 96,478 73,059
Italy 71,918 112,275
United Kingdom 3,946 24,330
Other European
 countries 399,007 403,088
   
1,412,246 1,607,278
   
(ii) Group’s specified non-current assets
2023 2022
$’000 $’000
The PRC
 (place of domicile) 1,765,921 1,515,654
Others 18,720 4,741
   
1,784,641 1,520,395
   
12 SEGMENT REPORTING
(a) OPERATING SEGMENT RESULTS
The Group manages its business as a single unit and, accordingly, 
the design, manufacture and sale of liquid crystal displays and 
related products is the only reporting segment and virtually all of 
the revenue and operating profits are derived from this business 
segment. The consolidated financial statements are already 
presented in a manner consistent with the way in which 
information is reported internally to the Group’s most senior 
executive management for the purposes of resource allocation 
and performance assessment. Accordingly, no separate business 
segment information is disclosed.
The chief operating decision-maker has been identified as the 
Board. The Board reviews the Group’s internal reporting in order 
to assess performance and allocate resources. Management has 
determined that a single operating segment exists based on this 
internal reporting.
The Board assesses the performance of the operating segments 
based on revenue which is consistent with that in the 
consolidated financial statements. Other information, being the 
total assets excluding deferred tax assets, other financial assets, 
current tax recoverable and the interest in associates, all of 
which are managed on a central basis, are provided to the Board 
to assess the performance of the operating segment.
(b) GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION
The following tables set out information about the geographical 
location of (i) the Group’s revenues from external customers and 
(ii) the Group’s property, plant and equipment, intangible assets 
and interest in associates (“specified non-current assets”). The 
geographical location of customers is based on the location at 
which the services were provided or the goods delivered. The 
geographical location of the specified non-current assets is 
based on the physical location of the asset, in the case of 
property, plant and equipment, the location of operation to which 
they are allocated, in the case of intangible assets and the 
location of operation, in the case of interests in associates.

===== PAGE 153 =====
151
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
13 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Ownership
interests in
land and
buildings 
held for 
own use
Other
properties
leased for 
own use 
carried 
at cost
Plant,
machinery,
tools and
equipment
Construction
in progress
Office
equipment Others Sub-total
Interest in
leasehold 
land held for 
own use Total
$’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000
Cost
At 1 January 2022 223,509 31,571 1,732,858 – 48,616 158,010 2,194,564 68,265 2,262,829
Exchange adjustments (16,762) (1,466) (119,041) (2,320) (1,260) (13,661) (154,510) (4,906) (159,416)
Additions – 1,875 140,489 951,162 9,544 10,735 1,113,805 – 1,113,805
Transfer 63,129 – – (63,129) – – – – –
Disposal of a subsidiary (note 31) – – – – – (2,818) (2,818) – (2,818)
Disposals – (158) (6,157) – (280) (167) (6,762) – (6,762)
          
At 31 December 2022 269,876 31,822 1,748,149 885,713 56,620 152,099 3,144,279 63,359 3,207,638
          
At 1 January 2023 269,876 31,822 1,748,149 885,713 56,620 152,099 3,144,279 63,359 3,207,638
Exchange adjustments (3,598) (51) (24,788) (13,008) (1,504) (2,415) (45,364) (1,612) (46,976)
Additions 680 20,516 81,685 355,612 17,753 22,054 498,300 – 498,300
Transfer 391,690 – 729,727 (1,206,282) 83,179 1,686 – – –
Disposals – (14,902) (51,021) – (1,118) (857) (67,898) – (67,898)
          
At 31 December 2023 658,648 37,385 2,483,752 22,035 154,930 172,567 3,529,317 61,747 3,591,064
          

===== PAGE 154 =====
152
 Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
13 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)
Ownership
interests in
land and
buildings 
held for 
own use
Other
properties
leased for
own use
carried
at cost
Plant,
machinery,
tools and
equipment
Construction
in progress
Office
equipment Others Sub-total
Interest in
leasehold
land held for
own use Total
$’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000
Accumulated amortisation
 and depreciation:
At 1 January 2022 101,432 10,051 1,388,197 – 38,486 130,917 1,669,083 10,312 1,679,395
Exchange adjustments (8,866) (249) (98,845) – (978) (12,875) (121,813) (282) (122,095)
Charge for the year 10,496 10,476 127,255 – 5,890 9,102 163,219 2,551 165,770
Disposal of a subsidiary (note 31) – – – – – (1,329) (1,329) – (1,329)
Written back on disposals – (158) (3,902) – (280) (63) (4,403) – (4,403)
          
At 31 December 2022 103,062 20,120 1,412,705 – 43,118 125,752 1,704,757 12,581 1,717,338
          
At 1 January 2023 103,062 20,120 1,412,705 – 43,118 125,752 1,704,757 12,581 1,717,338
Exchange adjustments (1,437) (149) (16,743) – (987) (558) (19,874) (205) (20,079)
Charge for the year 14,989 11,120 154,698 – 10,617 7,764 199,188 2,922 202,110
Written back on disposals – (14,902) (51,021) – (1,105) (857) (67,885) – (67,885)
          
At 31 December 2023 116,614 16,189 1,499,639 – 51,643 132,101 1,816,186 15,298 1,831,484
          
Net book value:
At 31 December 2023 542,034 21,196 984,113 22,035 103,287 40,466 1,713,131 46,449 1,759,580
          
At 31 December 2022 166,814 11,702 335,444 885,713 13,502 26,347 1,439,522 50,778 1,490,300
          

===== PAGE 155 =====
153
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
The analysis of expense items in relation to leases recognised in 
profit or loss is as follows:
2023 2022
$’000 $’000
Depreciation charge of
 right-of-use assets by
 class of underlying
 asset:
Ownership interests
 in leasehold land and
 buildings held for
 own use 14,689 10,014
Interest in leasehold
 land held for own use 2,922 2,551
Other properties leased
 for own use 11,120 10,476
Motor vehicles 207 265
   
28,938 23,306
   
Interest on lease
 liabilities (note 6(a)) 921 669
Expense relating to
 short-term leases 16,150 3,766
   
During the year, additions to right-of-use assets were 
HK$20,516,000 (2022: HK$1,875,000).
Details of the maturity analysis of lease liabilities are set out in 
note 24.
13 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT 
(CONTINUED)
(a) Other property, plant and equipment comprise mainly 
leasehold improvements, furniture, fixtures and motor 
vehicles.
(b) RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS:
The analysis of the net book value of right-of-use assets by class 
of underlying asset is as follows:
2023 2022
Note $’000 $’000
Ownership interests in
 leasehold land and
 buildings held for own use (i)
— in Hong Kong 183 192
— outside Hong Kong 537,514 161,983
    
537,697 162,175
Interest in leasehold land
 held for own use outside
 Hong Kong (i) 46,449 50,778
Other properties leased
 for own use, carried at
 depreciated cost (ii) 21,196 11,702
Motor vehicles carried at
 depreciated cost (iii) – 213
    
605,342 224,868
    

===== PAGE 156 =====
154
 Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
(c) MACHINERY AND EQUIPMENT LEASED OUT 
UNDER OPERATING LEASES
During the year, the Group leases out a number of items of 
machinery under operating leases which is presented under 
“Plant, machinery, tools and other equipment”. The net book 
value of these machinery and equipment leased out under 
operating leases is HK$Nil as of 31 December 2023 (2022: 
HK$32,122,000). There is no addition being made during the years 
ended 31 December 2023 and 2022. Depreciation of 
HK$3,035,000 has been charged to profit or loss for the year 
ended 31 December 2023 (2022: HK$15,581,000). The leases 
typically run for an initial period of 3 years. None of the leases 
includes variable lease payments. Undiscounted lease payments 
under non-cancellable operating leases in place at the reporting 
date will be receivable by the Group in future periods are HK$Nil 
per annum in the next three years (2022: HK$16,833,000).
13 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT 
(CONTINUED)
(b) RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS: (CONTINUED)
(i) Ownership interests in leasehold land and 
buildings held for own use
The Group holds several buildings for its manufacturing plants 
and property as staff quarter. The Group is the registered owner 
of these property interests, including the whole or part of 
undivided share in the underlying land. Lump sum payments 
were made upfront to acquire these property interests from their 
previous registered owners, and there are no ongoing payments 
to be made under the terms of the land lease, other than 
payments based on rateable values set by the relevant 
government authorities. These payments vary from time to time 
and are payable to the relevant government authorities. The 
amount transfer from construction in progress to ownership 
interests in leasehold land and buildings held for own use is 
HK$391,690,000 as of 31 December 2023 (2022: HK$63,129,000).
(ii) Other properties leased for own use
The Group has obtained the right to use other properties as its 
offices through tenancy agreements. The leases typically run for 
an initial period of 1 to 3 years.
(iii) Other leases
The Group leases motor vehicles under leases expiring within 
two years. None of the leases includes variable lease payments.

===== PAGE 157 =====
155
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
14 INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Technology
know-how
Computer
software Total
$’000 $’000 $’000
Cost:
At 1 January 2022 20,350 23,691 44,041
Additions – 4,394 4,394
Disposal of a subsidiary (note 31) (18,348) (188) (18,536)
Exchange adjustments (2,002) (146) (2,148)
    
At 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023 – 27,751 27,751
Additions – 6,125 6,125
Exchange adjustments – (68) (68)
    
At 31 December 2023 – 33,808 33,808
    
Accumulated amortisation:
At 1 January 2022 2,696 2,888 5,584
Charge for the year 2,586 2,712 5,298
Disposal of a subsidiary (note 31) (4,869) (49) (4,918)
Exchange adjustments (413) 27 (386)
    
At 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023 – 5,578 5,578
Charge for the year – 3,153 3,153
Exchange adjustments – 16 16
    
At 31 December 2023 – 8,747 8,747
    
Net book value:
At 31 December 2023 – 25,061 25,061
    
At 31 December 2022 – 22,173 22,173
    
The amortisation charge for the year is included in “other operating expenses” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

===== PAGE 158 =====
156
 Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
15 INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES AND A CONTROLLED STRUCTURED ENTITY
(a) INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES
The following list contains only particulars of subsidiaries which principally affected the results, assets or liabilities of the Group. The 
class of shares held is ordinary unless otherwise stated.
Proportion of ownership interest
Name of company
Place of
incorporation/
operation
Particulars of
issued share
capital/
registered capital
Group’s
effective
interest
Held by
the Company
Held by a
subsidiary
Principal
activities
Chengdu BOE Automotive Display
 Technology Co., Ltd.#
The People’s
Republic of China
Paid up registered
capital of
RMB1,500,000,000
100% – 100% Manufacture and
sales of LCDs and
related products
Varitronix (Chengdu) Display
 Technology Co., Ltd.#
The People’s
Republic of China
Paid-up registered
capital of 
RMB305,145,455
100% – 100% Sales of LCDs and 
related products
Hefei BOE Vehicle Display
 Technology Co., Ltd.#
The People’s
Republic of China
Paid-up registered
capital of
RMB387,714,246
100% – 100% Sales of LCDs and
related products
Link Score Investment Limited Hong Kong 100 ordinary shares 100% – 100% Investment holding
Varitronix Limited Hong Kong 2 ordinary shares
1,848 non-voting
deferred ordinary shares
100% – 100% Design and sale of
LCDs and related 
products
Varitronix France SAS France 2,500 ordinary shares
of €15.25 each
100% – 100% Marketing and
sales consultants
Varitronix GmbH Germany 100,000 shares of
€0.51 each
100% – 100% Marketing and
sales consultants
Varitronix (Heyuan) Display
 Technology Limited#
The People’s
Republic of China
Paid-up registered
capital of
RMB1,054,353,144
100% – 100% Manufacture and
sales of LCDs and
related products
Varitronix Italy s.r.l. Italy 12,000 ordinary shares
of €1 each
100% – 100% Marketing and
sales consultants
Varitronix (Shenzhen) Automobile
 Technology Co., Ltd.#
The People’s
Republic of China
Paid-up registered
capital of
RMB50,000,000
100% – 100% Design and sale of
LCDs and 
related products
Varitronix (Switzerland) GmbH Switzerland Registered capital of
CHF30,000
100% – 100% Marketing and
sales consultants

===== PAGE 159 =====
157
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
Proportion of ownership interest
Name of company
Place of
incorporation/
operation
Particulars of
issued share
capital/
registered capital
Group’s
effective
interest
Held by
the Company
Held by a
subsidiary
Principal
activities
Varitronix (U.K.) Limited United Kingdom 100 ordinary shares
of GBP10 each
100% – 100% Marketing and
sales consultants
VL Electronics, Inc. United States 5,000 common stock
of US$10 each
100% – 100% Marketing and
sales consultants
Varitronix (Japan) Limited Japan 1,000 ordinary stock
of JPY10,000 each
100% – 100% Marketing and
sales consultants
睿合科技有限公司# The People’s
Republic of China
Registered capital
of RMB100,000,000
(note)
50.1% – 50.1% Manufacture and
sales of LCDs and
related products
Varitronix Automobile Electronics
 (Huizhou) Co., Ltd.#
The People’s
Republic of China
Registered capital
of RMB50,000,000
100% – 100% Design and sales of
LCDs and
related products       
#Name of company Type of legal entity
— Chengdu BOE Automotive Display Technology Co., Ltd Wholly-owned foreign enterprise
— Varitronix (Chengdu) Display Technology Co., Ltd. Wholly-owned foreign enterprise
— Hefei BOE Vehicle Display Technology Co., Ltd. Wholly-owned foreign enterprise
— Varitronix (Heyuan) Display Technology Limited Wholly-owned foreign enterprise
— Varitronix (Shenzhen) Automobile Technology Co., Ltd Wholly-owned foreign enterprise
— 睿合科技有限公司 Non-wholly-owned foreign enterprise
— Varitronix Automobile Electronics (Huizhou) Co., Ltd Wholly-owned foreign enterprise
Note: The amount represented the registered capital which is not fully paid up yet.
(b) INVESTMENT IN A CONTROLLED STRUCTURED ENTITY
The Company directly controlled a trust (the “Share Award Plan Trust”) that was set up in relation to the Group’s Share Award Plan 
adopted on 28 August 2020 (the “Share Award Plan”). The sole purpose of the Share Award Plan Trust is the purchasing, administering 
and holding the Company’s shares under the Share Award Plan for the benefit of eligible employees (see note 27(b)). The Company 
has the power to direct the relevant activities of the Share Award Plan Trust and it has the ability to use its power over the trust to 
affect its exposure to returns. Therefore, the Share Award Plan Trust is considered as a controlled structured entity of the Group.
15 INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES AND A CONTROLLED STRUCTURED ENTITY 
(CONTINUED)
(a) INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

===== PAGE 160 =====
158
 Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
16 NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS
The following table lists out the information in respective each of the Group’s subsidiaries which have material non-controlling 
interests (“NCI”). The summarised financial information presented below represents the amounts before any inter-company 
elimination.
睿合科技有限公司
2023 2022
$’000 $’000
NCI percentage 49.9% 49.9%
Non-current assets 65,065 67,328
Current assets 208,126 192,203
Current liabilities (117,347) (157,177)
Non-current liabilities (43,386) –
Net assets 112,458 102,354
Carrying amount of NCI 56,116 51,075   
Revenue 727,342 462,939
Profit for the year 11,666 3,595
Total comprehensive income 11,666 3,595
Profit allocated to NCI 5,821 1,794   
Cash outflows from operating activities (67,266) (82,130)
Cash outflows from investing activities (2,276) (25,670)
Cash inflows from financing activities 66,746 61,762   
17 INTEREST IN ASSOCIATES/AMOUNTS DUE FROM ASSOCIATES
2023 2022
$’000 $’000
(a) Non-current asset:
Interest in associates – 7,922
(b) Current asset:
Amounts due from associates* 12,220 –
   
12,220 7,922
   
* Amounts due from associates are trade nature and expected to be recovered within one year.
PARTICULARS OF THE ASSOCIATES
Set out below are the particulars of the major associate of the Group:
Name of associate
Place of
incorporation
and operation
Particulars of
issued
share capital/
registered capital
Attributable 
indirect
equity interest
% held Principal activity
Hefei Jiangcheng Technology Co., Ltd.
 (“Hefei Jiangcheng”)
The People’s
Republic of China
Registered capital
of RMB38,481,809
46.24% Design and sale of
display products
     

===== PAGE 161 =====
159
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
19 INVENTORIES
(a) INVENTORIES IN THE CONSOLIDATED 
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
COMPRISE:
2023 2022
$’000 $’000
Raw materials 467,614 637,604
Work in progress 571,548 281,089
Finished goods 907,939 649,308
   
1,947,101 1,568,001
   
(b) THE ANALYSIS OF THE AMOUNT OF 
INVENTORIES RECOGNISED AS AN 
EXPENSE IS AS FOLLOWS:
2023 2022
$’000 $’000
Carrying amount of
 inventories sold 9,475,953 9,466,518
Write-down of
 inventories 150,147 92,326
Reversal of write-down
 of inventories (5,743) (28,661)
   
9,620,357 9,530,183
   
The reversal of write-down of inventories made in prior years 
arose due to subsequent utilisation of certain inventories as a 
result of a change in customers’ specifications on the products.
17 INTEREST IN ASSOCIATES/
AMOUNTS DUE FROM ASSOCIATES 
(CONTINUED)
Aggregate information of associates that are not individually 
material:
2023 2022
$’000 $’000
Aggregate carrying
 amounts of individually
 immaterial associates
 in the consolidated
 financial statements – 4,471
   
Aggregate amounts of
 the Group’s share of
 those associates’ loss and
 total comprehensive income (4,471) (456)
   
18 OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS
2023 2022
$’000 $’000
Non-current portion
Financial assets measured at fair
 value through profit or loss
— Unlisted equity securities
   outside Hong Kong 41,897 42,588
   
Current portion
Financial assets measured at fair
 value through profit or loss
— Listed equity securities outside
  Hong Kong – 65
Financial assets measured at
 amortised cost
— Issued by financial institutions
  outside Hong Kong 15,405 –
   
15,405 65
   

===== PAGE 162 =====
160
 Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
(a) AGEING ANALYSIS
As at the end of the reporting period, the ageing analysis of trade 
debtors and bills receivable (which are included in trade and 
other receivables, deposits and prepayments and other contract 
costs), based on the invoice date and net of expected credit loss 
allowance and allowance for sales return, is as follows:
2023 2022
$’000 $’000
Within 60 days of the
 invoice issue date 1,482,570 1,444,061
61 to 90 days after the
 invoice issue date 378,849 244,722
91 to 120 days after the
 invoice issue date 255,079 160,660
More than 120 days but
 less than 12 months
 after the invoice
 issue date 94,903 156,530
   
2,211,401 2,005,973
   
Trade debtors and bills receivable are generally due within 60 to 
90 days from the date of billing. Further details on the Group’s 
credit policy are set out in note 29(a).
20 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES, 
DEPOSITS AND PREPAYMENTS AND 
OTHER CONTRACT COSTS
2023 2022
$’000 $’000
Trade debtors and bills
 receivable, net of
 expected credit loss
 allowance 2,211,401 2,005,973
Other tax recoverable 109,807 5,388
Other receivables 114,521 47,306
Amount due from
 non-controlling interest 11,984 14,012
Deposits and
 prepayments 161,506 159,969
Other contract costs 47,546 23,449
   
2,656,765 2,256,097
Non-current deposits
 and prepayments (101,264) (98,265)
   
2,555,501 2,157,832
   
Non-current deposits and prepayments were paid for the TFT 
panels toolings for manufacturing TFT modules and acquisition of 
plant and equipment. Except for the rental deposit of 
HK$1,116,000 (2022: HK$1,116,000), all of the current portion of 
trade and other receivables are expected to be recovered on 
demand or recognised as expense within 12 months from the 
end of the reporting period.

===== PAGE 163 =====
161
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
21 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, 
FIXED DEPOSITS WITH BANKS AND 
RESTRICTED BANK DEPOSITS
(a) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND FIXED 
DEPOSITS WITH BANKS COMPRISE:
2023 2022
$’000 $’000
Fixed deposits with
 banks with more than
 three months to
 maturity when placed – 61,723
   
Fixed deposits with
 banks with three
 months or less to
 maturity when placed 1,258,701 777,167
Cash at banks and
 on hand 2,242,059 2,041,656
   
Cash and cash
 equivalents 3,500,760 2,818,823
   
(i) At 31 December 2023, included in cash and cash 
equivalents were amounts of approximately HK$8,606,000 
(2022: HK$7,542,000) placed at the Share Award Plan Trust 
for purchasing its own shares through the trustee from the 
open market for the shares to be granted under the Share 
Award Plan.
(ii) As at 31 December 2023, cash and cash equivalents and  
fixed deposits situated in Chinese Mainland amounted to 
HK$1,829,326,000 (2022: HK$1,527,374,000). Remittance of 
funds out of Chinese Mainland is subject to relevant rules 
and regulations of foreign exchange control.
(b) RESTRICTED BANK DEPOSITS:
2023 2022
$’000 $’000
Restricted bank deposits 55,884 –
   
As at 31 December 2023, the amount of HK$55,884,000 are 
deposit at bank which are restricted for letter of credit granted by 
bank (2022: HK$Nil).
20 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES, 
DEPOSITS AND PREPAYMENTS AND 
OTHER CONTRACT COSTS (CONTINUED)
(b) CONTRACT COSTS
Contract costs capitalised relate to the incremental costs of 
obtaining contracts relating to the sale of goods. Contract costs 
are recognised in the statement of profit or loss in the period in 
which revenue from the related sales is recognised. The amount 
of capitalised costs recognised in profit or loss during the year 
was HK$9,779,000 (2022: HK$14,973,000). There was no 
impairment in relation to the capitalised contract costs during the 
year (2022: HK$Nil).
The Group applies the practical expedient in HKFRS 15 and 
recognises the incremental costs of obtaining contracts relating 
to the sale of goods as an expense when incurred if the 
amortisation period of the assets that the Group otherwise would 
have recognised is within the same reporting period as the date 
of entering into the contract.
The amount of capitalised contract costs that is expected to be 
recognised after more than one year is HK$46,691,000 (2022: 
HK$15,691,000).

===== PAGE 164 =====
162
 Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
Bank
loans
Lease 
liabilities Total
$’000 $’000 $’000
(note 23) (note 24)
At 1 January 2022 – 22,555 22,555
    
Changes from financing
 cash flows:
Capital element of lease
 rentals paid – (11,140) (11,140)
Interest element of lease
 rentals paid – (669) (669)
Proceeds from
 new bank loans 776,700 – 776,700
Repayment of bank loans (83,023) – (83,023)
Interest paid (11,692) – (11,692)
    
Total changes from
 financing cash flows 681,985 (11,809) 670,176
    
Exchange Adjustment: 6,523 (769) 5,754
    
Other changes:
Increase in lease liabilities
 from entering into new
 leases during the period – 1,148 1,148
Disposal of a subsidiary
 (note 31) (33,000) – (33,000)
Finance costs (note 6(a)) 11,692 669 12,361
    
Total other changes (21,308) 1,817 (19,491)
    
At 31 December 2022 
 and 1 January 2023 667,200 11,794 678,994
    
Changes from
 financing cash flows:
Capital element of
 lease rentals paid – (10,349) (10,349)
Interest element of
 lease rentals paid – (921) (921)
Proceeds from new
 bank loans 619,936 – 619,936
Repayment of bank loans (667,200) – (667,200)
Interest paid (24,299) – (24,299)
    
Total changes from
 financing cash flows (71,563) (11,270) (82,833)
    
Exchange Adjustment: – 105 105
    
Other changes:
Increase in lease liabilities
 from entering into new
 leases during the period – 20,516 20,516
Finance costs (note 6(a)) 24,299 921 25,220
    
Total other changes 24,299 21,437 45,736
    
At 31 December 2023 619,936 22,066 642,002
    
21 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, 
FIXED DEPOSITS WITH BANKS AND 
RESTRICTED BANK DEPOSITS 
(CONTINUED)
(c) RECONCILIATION OF PROFIT BEFORE 
TAXATION TO CASH GENERATED FROM 
OPERATIONS:
2023 2022
Note $’000 $’000
Profit before taxation 540,032 657,647
Adjustments for:
 Depreciation 13 202,110 165,770
 Amortisation 14 3,153 5,298
 Finance costs 6(a) 25,220 12,361
 Interest income 5 (93,282) (52,849)
 Share of losses of associates 4,471 456
 Net gain on disposal of
  property, plant and
  equipment 5 (1,708) (884)
 Equity settled share-based
  payment expenses 6(b) 20,385 22,590
 Gain on deemed disposal
  of a subsidiary 5 – (98)
 Amortisation of
  government grants 5 (48,522) (10,197)
 Changes in fair value of
  other financial assets 5 716 736
 Foreign exchange loss 90,571 226,689    
743,146 1,027,519
Changes in working capital:
Increase in inventories (398,345) (818,948)
Increase in trade and
 other receivables, deposits
 and prepayments and
 other contract costs (347,096) (539,855)
Increase in trade and
 other payables 1,309,178 1,164,944
    
Cash generated from
 operations 1,306,883 833,660
    
(d) RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING 
FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities from 
financing activities, including both cash and non-cash changes. 
Liabilities arising from financing activities are liabilities for which 
cash flows were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the 
Group’s consolidated cash flow statement as cash flows from 
financing activities.

===== PAGE 165 =====
163
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
(a) AGEING ANALYSIS:
As at the end of the reporting period, the ageing analysis of trade 
creditors and bills payable (which are included in trade and other 
payables), based on the invoice date, is as follows:
2023 2022
$’000 $’000
Within 60 days of
 supplier invoice date 3,242,495 2,408,202
61 to 120 days after
 supplier invoice date 377,646 462,904
More than 120 days but
 within 12 months after
 supplier invoice date 131,089 50,119
More than 12 months
 after supplier invoice
 date 56,951 18,872
   
3,808,181 2,940,097
   
(b) MOVEMENTS IN CONTRACT LIABILITIES
2023 2022
$’000 $’000
Balance at 1 January 30,411 80,781
Decrease in contract
 liabilities as a result
 of recognising revenue
 during the year that
 was included in the
 contract liabilities at
 the beginning of the
 period (30,411) (80,781)
Increase in contract
 liabilities as a result of
 receiving advances
 from customers
 during the year 49,517 30,411
   
Balance at 31 December 49,517 30,411
   
When the Group receives a deposit before the production activity 
commences this will give rise to contract liabilities at the start of 
a contract, until the revenue recognised on the project exceeds 
the amount of the deposit. The amount of deposit is negotiated 
on a case by case basis with customers. All contract liabilities are 
expected to be recognised as income within one year.
21 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, 
FIXED DEPOSITS WITH BANKS AND 
RESTRICTED BANK DEPOSITS 
(CONTINUED)
(e) TOTAL CASH OUTFLOW FOR LEASES
Amounts included in the cash flow statements for leases 
comprise the following:
2023 2022
$’000 $’000
Within operating
 cash flows 16,150 3,766
Within financing
 cash flows 11,270 11,809
   
27,420 15,575
   
22 TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
2023 2022
$’000 $’000
Trade creditors 3,808,181 2,940,097
Accrued charges and
 other payables 664,717 267,777
Tooling fees received
 in advance 215,715 151,409
Contract liabilities 49,517 30,411
   
4,738,130 3,389,694
   
All creditors and accrued charges are expected to be settled or 
recognised as income within one year or are repayable on 
demand. During the year ended 31 December 2023, 
HK$65,927,000 of tooling fees received in advance has been 
recognised as revenue in the profit or loss (2022: HK$31,144,000) 
and advanced payments of HK$130,457,000 has been received 
from customers (2022: HK$56,177,000). As of 31 December 2023, 
the amount of tooling fees received in advance which are 
expected to be recognised as income after more than one year is 
HK$41,226,000 (2022: HK$136,134,000).

===== PAGE 166 =====
164
 Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
24 LEASE LIABILITIES
The following table shows the remaining contractual maturities of 
the Group’s lease liabilities at the end of the current and previous 
reporting periods and at the date of transition to HKFRS 16:
2023 2022
$’000 $’000
Within 1 year 8,159 7,392
   
After 1 year but within
 2 years 4,665 3,969
After 2 years but within
 5 years 9,242 433
   
13,907 4,402
   
22,066 11,794
   
23 BANK LOANS
The analysis of the repayment schedule of bank loans is as 
follows:
2023 2022
$’000 $’000
Within 1 year or on
 demand 236,439 636,288
After 1 year but within
 2 years 57,477 30,912
After 2 years but within
 5 years 193,405 –
After 5 years 132,615 –
   
619,936 667,200
   
As at 31 December 2023, the loan amount of HK$171,044,000 is 
secured by certain land, buildings, machinery and equipment of 
a subsidiary of the Group to match its long-term development. 
Such underlying pledged agreement of the loan agreement is yet 
to sign by both parties and will be effective when registration of 
those land and building with relevant authorities is completed. 
Management expected such process will be completed within 
2024. And the remaining bank loans are unsecured as at 31 
December 2023.
All of the above bank loans were unsecured as at 31 December 
2022.
Certain of the Group’s banking facilities are subject to the 
fulfilment of covenants relating to certain of the Group’s balance 
sheet ratios, as are commonly found in lending arrangements 
with financial institutions as at 31 December 2022. If the Group 
were to breach the covenants the drawn down facilities would 
become payable on demand. The Group regularly monitors its 
compliance with these covenants. Further details of the Group’s 
management of liquidity risk are set out in note 29(b). As at 31 
December 2022, none of the covenants relating to drawn down 
facilities had been breached. The Group has fully repaid the loan 
with covenants condition mentioned above during the year of 
2023.

===== PAGE 167 =====
165
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
25 INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
(a) CURRENT TAXATION IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
REPRESENTS:
2023 2022
$’000 $’000
Tax (recoverable)/payable in respect of Hong Kong Profits Tax (6,600) 28,216
Tax payable in respect of Chinese Mainland income taxes 8,485 25,337
Tax payable in respect of jurisdictions outside Hong Kong and the Chinese Mainland 1,686 7,649
   
3,571 61,202
   
Representing:
Current tax recoverable (10,354) (4,122)
Current tax payable 13,925 65,324
   
3,571 61,202
   
(b) DEFERRED TAX ASSETS AND LIABILITIES RECOGNISED:
The components of deferred tax (assets)/liabilities recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position and the movements 
during the year are as follows:
Depreciation
allowances in
excess of the
related
depreciation
Intangible
assets Provisions
Deferred
income
Unremitted
earnings
Future
benefits
of tax
losses Total
$’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000
Deferred tax arising from:
At 1 January 2022 1,318 4,413 (220) – 7,000 – 12,511
Charged/(credited) to profit or loss (note 7(a)) 170 2,336 (10,039) (2,520) – – (10,053)
Disposal of a subsidiary (note 31) – (4,174) – – – – (4,174)
Exchange difference (155) 562 – – – – 407
        
At 31 December 2022 1,333 3,137 (10,259) (2,520) 7,000 – (1,309)
        
At 1 January 2023 1,333 3,137 (10,259) (2,520) 7,000 – (1,309)
Charged/(credited) to profit or loss (note 7(a)) 70,885 131 (14,529) (32,958) (7,000) (20,752) (4,223)
Exchange difference (479) – 231 263 – 142 157
        
At 31 December 2023 71,739 3,268 (24,557) (35,215) – (20,610) (5,375)
        
The reconciliation to the consolidated statement of financial position is as follows:
2023 2022
$’000 $’000
Net deferred tax assets recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position (8,843) (11,286)
Net deferred tax liabilities recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position 3,468 9,977
   
(5,375) (1,309)
   

===== PAGE 168 =====
166
 Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
27 EQUITY SETTLED SHARE-BASED 
TRANSACTIONS
(a) SHARE OPTION SCHEME
The share option scheme of the Company was adopted on 3 June 
2013 (the “Scheme”) as an incentive for the Group’s employees 
and business associates. The Directors are authorised, at their 
discretion, to invite any employee, director, including executive 
and non-executive directors or business associate of any 
company in the Group (the “Participants”) to take up options to 
subscribe for shares in the Company at a price determined by 
the Board and notified to each grantee and which will not be less 
than the closing price of the shares on the Stock Exchange of 
Hong Kong (the “Stock Exchange”) on the date of offer of the 
option granted to such grantee or the average of the closing 
prices of the shares on the Stock Exchange on the five trading 
days immediately preceding the date of offer of the option 
granted to such grantee or the nominal value of the shares, 
whichever is higher.
The maximum number of shares in respect of which options may 
be granted under the share option scheme and any other share 
option schemes of the Company may not exceed 10 percent of 
the issued share capital of the Company at the date of approval 
of the share option scheme. The options under the share option 
schemes are exercisable for a period of ten years from the date 
of grant.
On 24 January 2019, the Company granted 4,500,000 share 
options to the Participants under the Scheme. Each share option 
entitles the holder to subscribe for one share of $0.25 of the 
Company at an exercise price of HK$2.00. The contractual life of 
these share options is the period from the date on which an 
option certificate is issued after acceptance by the grantees and 
expiring on 31 January 2023. Among the 4,500,000 share options 
granted, 1,800,000 share options were granted to the Directors. 
Further details are set out in the Company’s announcement 
dated 24 January 2019.
25 INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED  
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL 
POSITION (CONTINUED)
(c) DEFERRED TAX ASSETS NOT RECOGNISED
In accordance with the accounting policy set out in note 2(s), the 
Group has not recognised deferred tax assets in respect of 
cumulative tax losses of HK$163,386,000 (2022: HK$163,180,000) 
as it is not probable that future taxable profits against which the 
losses can be utilised will be available in the relevant tax 
jurisdictions and entities for the foreseeable future. The Group 
has not recognised deferred tax assets in respect of tax losses, 
whose expiry dates are:
2023 2022
$’000 $’000
In December 2025 – 1,325
In December 2026 10,556 30,401
In December 2027 47,920 66,957
In December 2028 34,837 –
Do not expire under
 current tax legislation 70,073 64,497
   
163,386 163,180
   
26 DEFERRED INCOME
2023 2022
$’000 $’000
Current portion 26,138 4,427
Non-current portion 200,496 18,911
   
226,634 23,338
   
During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group received 
government grants of HK$224,861,000 (2022: HK$33,324,000) 
from the PRC authorities as incentives for acquiring machineries. 
The amount received is to be amortised and released to profit or 
loss over the useful lives of the relevant assets. During the year 
ended 31 December 2023, HK$48,522,000 (2022: HK$10,197,000) 
of the grants are credited to profit or loss.

===== PAGE 169 =====
167
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
27 EQUITY SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
(a) SHARE OPTION SCHEME (CONTINUED)
(i) The terms and conditions of the grants that existed during the years are as follows, whereby all 
options are settled by physical delivery of shares:
Number of options Vesting conditions Contractual life of options
Options granted to directors:
24 January 2019 1,800,000 Exercisable in three tranches 
immediately from 1 February of each 
year from 2020 to 2023
Expire at the close of business on 
31 January 2023
Options granted to employees:
24 January 2019 2,700,000 Exercisable in three tranches 
immediately from 1 February of each 
year from 2020 to 2023
Expire at the close of business on 
31 January 2023
    
(ii) The number and weighted average exercise prices of share options are as follows:
2023 2022
  
Weighted
average
exercise price
Number of
 options
Weighted
average
exercise price
Number of
options
Outstanding at the beginning of the year $2.00 665,000 $2.00 2,890,000
Exercised during the year $2.00 (165,000) $2.00 (2,225,000)
Lapsed during the year N/A (500,000) N/A –
     
Outstanding at the end of the year N/A – $2.00 665,000
     
Exercisable at the end of the year – 665,000
     
The weighted average share price at the date of exercise for shares options exercised during the year was HK$14.76 (2022: HK$13.07).
There were no outstanding share options as at 31 December 2023. The options outstanding at 31 December 2022 had exercise price 
of HK$2.00 and the weighted average remaining contractual life of 0.08 years.

===== PAGE 170 =====
168
 Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
Pursuant to the rules of the Share Award Plan, the Directors may 
grant an award to eligible participants (excluding any excluded 
participant) who is an employee, director, adviser (professional or 
otherwise), consultant to or expert in any area of business or 
business development of any member of the Group or any 
Invested Entity for participation in the Share Award Plan and 
determine the terms of the award.
The Share Award Plan is subject to the administration of the 
Board and the trustee in accordance with the terms of the Share 
Award Plan and the terms of the trust deed which entered 
between the Company and the trustee on 28 August 2020. The 
Share Award Plan will be valid and effective for a period of 10 
years commencing from the Adoption Date but may be 
terminated earlier as determined by the Board.
The Trustee may purchase the Shares on the Stock Exchange at 
the prevailing market price (subject to such maximum price as 
may be from time to time prescribed by the Board), or off the 
market. In the event that the trustee effects any purchases by 
off-market transactions, the purchase price for such purchases 
shall not be higher than the lower of the following: (i) the closing 
market price on the date of such purchase, and (ii) the average 
closing market price for the five preceding trading days on which 
the Shares were traded on the Stock Exchange. The maximum 
number of Shares to be subscribed for and/or purchased by the 
trustee for the purpose of the share award plan shall not exceed 
10% of the total number of issued shares as at the Adoption 
Date. The Board shall not instruct the Trustee to subscribe for 
and/or purchase any Shares for the purpose of the share award 
plan when such subscription and/or purchase will result in such 
threshold being exceeded.
During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Company did not 
remit cash (2022: HK$Nil) to the trustee for the purchase of 
Shares of the Company pursuant to the share award plan. During 
the year ended 31 December 2023, the trustee did not purchase 
(2022: Nil) shares on the market for the purpose of the Share 
Award Plan. During the year ended 31 December 2023, the 
trustee transferred 2,957,600 (2022: 2,870,000) ordinary shares of 
the Company to the share awardees upon vesting of the awards.
On 22 March 2023, the Company awarded a total of 662,000 
ordinary shares to the eligible persons including its directors and 
employees. Among the 662,000 awarded shares, the first 30% of 
the awarded shares were vested to the eligible persons on 12 
April 2023, the second 30% of the awarded shares were vested 
on 12 April 2024, and the remaining 40% shall be vested on 11 
April 2025. Further details are set out in the Company’s 
announcement dated 22 March 2023.
27 EQUITY SETTLED SHARE-BASED 
TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
(a) SHARE OPTION SCHEME (CONTINUED)
(iii) Fair value of share options and assumptions
The fair value of services received in return for share options 
granted was measured by reference to the fair value of share 
options granted. The estimate of the fair value of the share 
options granted was measured based on the Binomial Option 
pricing model. The contractual life of the share option and 
expectations of early exercise were incorporated into the 
Binomial Option pricing model.
Granted on 
24 January 
2019
Fair value of and assumptions
 for share options
Fair value at measurement date $0.59
Share price $2.00
Exercise price $2.00
Weighted average volatility 38.81%
Weighted average share option life 4.02 years
Expected dividends 0.50%
Risk-free interest rate (based on
 Exchange Fund Notes) 1.83%
  
The expected volatility was based on the historic volatility 
(calculated based on the weighted average remaining life of the 
share options), adjusted for any expected changes to future 
volatility based on publicly available information. Expected 
dividends were based on historical dividends. Changes in the 
subjective input assumptions could materially affect the fair value 
estimate.
Share options were granted under a service condition. This 
condition had not been taken into account in the grant date fair 
value measurement of the services received. There were no 
market conditions associated with the share option grants.
(b) SHARE AWARD PLAN
The Company has adopted the Share Award Plan on 28 August 
2020 (the “Adoption Date”) for the purpose of retaining 
participants for the continual operation and development of the 
Group and to attract suitable personnel for further development 
of the Group.

===== PAGE 171 =====
169
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
28 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS
(a) MOVEMENTS IN COMPONENTS OF EQUITY OF THE COMPANY
The reconciliation between the opening and closing balances of each component of the Group’s consolidated equity is set out in the 
consolidated statement of changes in equity. Details of the changes in the Company’s individual components of equity between the 
beginning and the end of the year are set out below:
Share 
capital
Share 
premium
Awarded 
shares held 
under Share 
Award Plan
Contributed
surplus
Capital 
reserve
Retained 
profits/ 
(Accumulated 
losses) Total
(note 28(c)) (note 28(d)(i)) (note 28(d)(v)) (note 28(d)(ii)) (note 28(d)(iv))
Note $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000
Balance at 1 January 2022 184,039 1,309,846 (33,609) 771,827 8,215 2,318 2,242,636
Changes in equity for 2022:
Final dividends approved in respect 
 of the previous year 28(b)(ii) – – – (109,284) – – (109,284)
Issuance of shares upon exercise 
 of share options 28(c)(ii) 556 5,215 – – (1,321) – 4,450
Vesting of shares under the Share Award Plan – – 9,774 – (17,446) 7,672 –
Loss and total comprehensive income 
 for the year – – – – – (14,403) (14,403)
Placing and shareholder subscription 
 of new shares 28(c)(iii) 13,258 792,798 – – – – 806,056
Capitalisation of placing and shareholder 
 subscription expenses – (6,395) – – – – (6,395)
Equity settled share-based transaction 6(b) – – – – 22,590 – 22,590
         
Balance at 31 December 2022 197,853 2,101,464 (23,835) 662,543 12,038 (4,413) 2,945,650
         
Balance at 1 January 2023 197,853 2,101,464 (23,835) 662,543 12,038 (4,413) 2,945,650
Changes in equity for 2023:
Final dividends approved in respect 
 of the previous year 28(b)(ii) – – – (180,964) – – (180,964)
Issuance of shares upon exercise 
 of share options 28(c)(ii) 41 392 – – (103) – 330
Vesting of shares under the Share Award Plan – – 10,072 – (20,228) 10,156 –
Equity settled share-based transaction 6(b) – – – – 20,385 – 20,385
Release upon lapse of share options – – – – (311) 311 –
Loss and total comprehensive income 
 for the year – – – – – (8,520) (8,520)
         
Balance at 31 December 2023 197,894 2,101,856 (13,763) 481,579 11,781 (2,466) 2,776,881
         
(b) DIVIDENDS
(i) Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the year
2023 2022
$’000 $’000
Final dividend proposed after the end of reporting period of
 19.0 HK cents (2022: 23.0 HK cents) per share 150,399 182,062
   
The final dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period have not been recognised as liabilities at the end of the reporting 
period.

===== PAGE 172 =====
170
 Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
28 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (CONTINUED)
(b) DIVIDENDS (CONTINUED)
(ii) Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the previous financial year, 
approved and paid during the year
2023 2022
$’000 $’000
Final dividend in respect of the previous financial year, approved and paid during the year,
 of 23.0 HK cent (2022: 15.0 HK cent) per share 180,964 109,284
   
(c) SHARE CAPITAL
(i) Authorised and issued share capital
2023 2022
  
No. of shares Amount No. of shares Amount
’000 $’000 ’000 $’000
Authorised:
Ordinary shares of $0.25 each 5,000,000 1,250,000 5,000,000 1,250,000
     
Ordinary shares, issued and fully paid:
At 1 January 791,410 197,853 736,155 184,039
Issuance of shares upon exercise of share options 165 41 2,225 556
Placing and shareholder subscription of new shares – – 53,030 13,258
     
At 31 December 791,575 197,894 791,410 197,853
     
The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share at 
meetings of the Company. All ordinary shares rank equally with regard to the Company’s residual assets.
(ii) Issuance of shares upon exercise of share options
During the year ended 31 December 2023, options have been exercised to subscribe for 165,000 ordinary shares (2022: 2,225,000 
ordinary shares) in the Company at a consideration of HK$330,000 (2022: HK$4,450,000) of which HK$41,000 (2022: HK$556,000) was 
credited to share capital and the balance of HK$289,000 (2022: $3,894,000) was credited to the share premium account. HK$103,000 
(2022: HK$1,321,000) has been transferred from the capital reserve to the share premium account in accordance with policy set out in 
note 2(r)(iii).
(iii) Placing and shareholder subscription of new shares
During the year ended 31 December 2022, 53,030,000 ordinary shares of the Company were allotted and issued as fully paid to the 
subscriber at an issue price of HK$15.20 per share totaling HK$806,056,000, of which HK$13,258,000 was credited to share capital and 
the balance of HK$792,798,000 was credited to the share premium account. Issuing expenses in relation to the issuance of new shares 
of HK$6,395,000 was also capitalised into the share premium account.

===== PAGE 173 =====
171
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
(v) Awarded shares held under the Share Award 
Plan
Treasury shares held under the Share Award Plan represents the 
shares purchased by the Group that are not yet granted to 
directors and employees of the Company under the Share Award 
Plan (see note 27(b)). The consideration paid for the purchase of 
the Company’s shares is reflected as a decrease in the equity of 
the Company.
(vi) Other reserves
Other reserves comprise statutory reserves required in respect 
of a subsidiary in accordance with the relevant rules and 
regulations in the PRC and the consideration in exceed of 
carrying amount of non-controlling interests acquired.
(vii) Distributability of reserves
At 31 December 2023, the aggregate amount of reserves 
available for distribution to shareholders of the Company was 
HK$479,113,000 (2022: HK$658,130,000).
28 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND 
DIVIDENDS (CONTINUED)
(d) NATURE AND PURPOSE OF RESERVES
(i) Share premium
The application of the share premium account is governed by 
sections 150 and 157 of the Company’s Articles of Association 
and the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda.
(ii) Contributed surplus
Contributed surplus comprises the capital reduction transferred 
from the share premium account and the excess value of the 
shares of the subsidiaries acquired pursuant to the Group 
reorganisation scheme in 1991 over the nominal value of the new 
shares of the Company issued in exchange is credited to the 
contributed surplus account. Under the Companies Act 1981 of 
Bermuda (as amended) and the Bye-laws of the Company, the 
contributed surplus is distributable to shareholders.
(iii) Exchange reserve
The exchange reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences 
arising from the translation of the financial statements of 
operations outside Hong Kong. The reserve is dealt with in 
accordance with the accounting policies set out in note 2(w).
(iv) Capital reserve
The capital reserve comprises of the Company’s equity settled 
share-based payments recognised in accordance with the 
accounting policy adopted for share-based payments in notes 
2(r)(iii) and 2(r)(iv).

===== PAGE 174 =====
172
 Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
28 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (CONTINUED)
(e) CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
The Group’s primary objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, so that it 
can continue to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders, by pricing products and services 
commensurately with the level of risk and by securing access to finance at a reasonable cost.
The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to maintain a balance between the higher shareholder 
returns that might be possible with higher levels of borrowings and the advantages and security afforded by a sound capital position, 
and makes adjustments to the capital structure in light of changes in economic conditions.
The Group monitors its capital structure on the basis of a net debt-to-adjusted capital ratio. For this purpose the Group defines net 
debt as total debt (which includes lease liabilities and trade and other payables), less fixed deposits with banks and cash and cash 
equivalents. Adjusted capital comprises all components of equity less unaccrued proposed dividends.
The Group’s adjusted net debt-to-capital ratio at 31 December 2023 and 2022 was as follow:
2023 2022
Note $’000 $’000
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables 22 4,738,130 3,389,694
Lease liabilities 24 8,159 7,392
Bank loans 23 236,439 636,288
    
4,982,728 4,033,374
    
Non-current liabilities
Lease liabilities 24 13,907 4,402
Bank loans 23 383,497 30,912
    
397,404 35,314
    
Total debt 5,380,132 4,068,688
Fixed deposits with banks with more than three months to maturity when placed 21 – (61,723)
Cash and cash equivalents 21 (3,500,760) (2,818,823)
    
Net debt 1,879,372 1,188,142
    
Total equity 4,409,711 4,115,773
    
Adjusted capital 4,409,711 4,115,773
    
Adjusted net debt-to-capital ratio 0.43 0.29
    
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries are subject to any externally imposed capital requirements.

===== PAGE 175 =====
173
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
The Group measures loss allowances for trade receivables at an 
amount equal to lifetime ECLs, which is calculated using a 
provision matrix. As the Group’s historical credit loss experience 
indicates different loss patterns based on individual 
characteristics of customers, the loss allowance based on past 
due status is further distinguished between the Group’s individual 
credit evaluations of customers.
The following table provides information about the Group’s 
exposure to credit risk and ECLs for trade receivables:
2023
 
Expected 
loss rate
Gross 
carrying 
amount
Loss 
allowance
% $’000 $’000
Current (not past due) 0.7% 1,684,485 11,026
Less than 1 month
 past due 1.9% 322,375 6,045
1 to 12 months past due 8.6% 242,419 20,807
More than 12 months
 past due 100.0% 6,222 6,222
    
2,255,501 44,100
    
2022
 
Expected 
loss rate
Gross 
carrying 
amount
Loss 
allowance
% $’000 $’000
Current (not past due) 0.2% 920,488 2,186
Less than 1 month
 past due 0.8% 432,147 3,329
1 to 12 months past due 3.5% 682,398 23,545
More than 12 months
 past due 100% 10,405 10,405
    
2,045,438 39,465
    
Expected loss rates are based on actual loss experience over the 
past 12 months. These rates are adjusted to reflect differences 
between economic conditions during the period over which the 
historic data has been collected, current conditions and the 
Group’s view of economic conditions over the expected lives of 
the receivables.
29 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND  
FAIR VALUES
Exposure to credit, liquidity, currency and interest rate risks 
arises in the normal course of the Group’s business.
The Group’s exposure to these risks and the financial risk 
management policies and practices used by the Group to 
manage these risks are described below.
(a) CREDIT RISK
Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its 
contractual obligations resulting in a financial loss to the Group. 
The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to trade 
receivables. The Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from cash 
and cash equivalents and bills receivable is limited because the 
counterparties are banks and financial institutions for which the 
Group consider the credit risk is low.
The Group does not provide any other guarantees which would 
expose the Group to credit risk.
Trade receivables
The Group’s exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the 
individual characteristics of each customer rather than the 
industry or country in which the customers operate and therefore 
significant concentrations of credit risk primarily arise when the 
Group has significant exposure to individual customers. At the 
end of the reporting period, 6% (2022: 24%) and 37% (2022: 55%) 
of the total trade receivables were due from the Group’s largest 
customer and the five largest customers respectively.
Individual credit evaluations are performed on all customers 
requiring credit over a certain amount. These evaluations focus 
on the customer’s past history of making payments when due 
and current ability to pay, and take into account information 
specific to the customer as well as pertaining to the economic 
environment in which the customer operates. Trade receivables 
are due within 60 to 90 days from the date of billing. Normally, 
the Group does not obtain collateral from customers.

===== PAGE 176 =====
174
 Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
29 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES (CONTINUED)
(a) CREDIT RISK (CONTINUED)
Trade receivables (Continued)
Movement in the loss allowance account in respect of trade receivables during the year is as follows:
2023 2022
$’000 $’000
Balance at 1 January 39,465 19,923
Disposal of a subsidiary (note 31) – (830)
Increase in ECL allowance during the year 4,635 20,372
   
Balance at 31 December 44,100 39,465
   
(b) LIQUIDITY RISK
Individual operating entities within the Group are responsible for their own cash management, including the short-term investment of 
cash surpluses and the raising of loans to cover expected cash demands, subject to approval by the parent company’s board when 
the borrowings exceed certain predetermined levels of authority. The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor its liquidity requirements 
and its compliance with lending covenants, to ensure that it maintains sufficient reserves of cash and cash equivalents and adequate 
committed lines of funding from major financial institutions to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer term.
The following tables show the remaining contractual maturities at the end of reporting period of the Group’s financial liabilities, which 
are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows (including interest payments computed using contractual rates or, if floating, based 
on rates currently applicable at the end of reporting period) and the earliest date that the Group can be required to pay:
2023 2022
Contractual undiscounted cash outflow Contractual undiscounted cash outflow
  
Within
1 year or on
demand
More than
1 year
but less
than 2 years
More than
2 years
but less
than 5 years
More than
5 years Total
Carrying
amount at
31 December
Within
1 year or on
demand
More than
1 year
but less
than 2 years
More than
2 years
but less
than 5 years Total
Carrying
amount at
31 December
$’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000
Trade creditors, 
 accrued charges
 and other payables 4,472,898 – – – 4,472,898 4,472,898 3,207,874 – – 3,207,874 3,207,874
Bank loans 245,627 68,412 210,642 144,702 669,383 619,936 657,840 31,492 – 689,332 667,200
Lease liabilities 8,897 5,161 9,684 – 23,742 22,066 7,660 4,039 437 12,136 11,794
            
4,727,422 73,573 220,326 144,702 5,166,023 5,114,900 3,873,374 35,531 437 3,909,342 3,886,868
            

===== PAGE 177 =====
175
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
29 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES (CONTINUED)
(c) CURRENCY RISK
The Group is exposed to currency risk primarily through sales and purchases which give rise to receivables, payables and cash 
balances that are denominated in a foreign currency, i.e. a currency other than the functional currency of the operations to which the 
transactions relate. The Group is also exposed to currency risk through other financial assets acquired which are denominated in a 
foreign currency. The currencies giving rise to these risks are primarily United States dollars, Euros, Japanese Yen and Renminbi.
There is currently no hedging policy adopted by the Group with respect to its foreign exchange exposure. Most of the sales and 
purchases are made in the respective functional currency of each group entity, except for group entities whose functional currency is 
Hong Kong dollars, certain transactions are denominated in United States dollars, Euros and Japanese Yen. Given the Hong Kong dollar 
is pegged to the United States dollar, the Group does not expect that there will be any significant currency risk associated with such 
United States dollars denominated transactions. In respect of balances denominated in other currencies, the Group ensures that the 
net exposure is kept to an acceptable level by buying or selling foreign currencies at spot rates where necessary to address short-term 
imbalances.
(i) Exposure to currency risk
The following table details the Group’s exposure at the end of the reporting period to currency risk arising from recognised assets or 
liabilities denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the entity to which they relate. For presentation purposes, 
the amounts of the exposure are shown in Hong Kong dollars, translated using the spot rate at the year end date. Differences resulting 
from the translation of the financial statements of operations outside Hong Kong into the Group’s presentation currency are excluded.
2023 2022
Exposure to foreign currencies
(expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
Exposure to foreign currencies
(expressed in Hong Kong dollars)  
United
States
Dollars Euros
Japanese
Yen Renminbi
United
States
Dollars Euros
Japanese
Yen Renminbi
$’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000
Trade and other receivables 494,857 – – – 720,831 642 – –
Cash and cash equivalents 1,211,966 968 517 398,250 874,284 1,081 512 221
Trade and other payables (208,674) (772) (12,722) (187) (109,216) (1,053) (19,992) –
         
1,498,149 196 (12,205) 398,063 1,485,899 670 (19,480) 221
         
In addition, the Group exposed to currency risk arising from inter-company receivables and payables denominated in currency other 
than the functional currency of either the lender or the borrower. The net inter-company receivables amounted to United States 
dollars 27,003,000 and Renminbi 116,516,000 respectively (2022: receivables amounted to United States dollars 21,532,000 and 
Renminbi 302,708,000 respectively).

===== PAGE 178 =====
176
 Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
29 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES (CONTINUED)
(c) CURRENCY RISK (CONTINUED)
(ii) Sensitivity analysis
The following table indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s profit after taxation (and retained profits) and other components 
of consolidated equity that would arise if foreign exchange rates to which the Group has significant exposure at the end of the 
reporting period had changed at that date, assuming all other risk variables remained constant. In this respect, it is assumed that the 
pegged rate between the Hong Kong dollar and the United States dollar would be materially unaffected by any changes in movement 
in value of the United States dollar against other currencies for group entities whose functional currency is Hong Kong dollars.
2023 2022
  
Increase/
(decrease)
in foreign
exchange
rates
Increase/
(decrease) in
profit after
taxation and
retained profits
Increase/
(decrease)
in foreign
exchange
rates
Increase/
(decrease) in
profit after
taxation and
retained profits
$’000 $’000
United States dollars 10% 125,095 10% 138,351
(10%) (125,095) (10)% (138,351)
Euros 10% 16 10% 74
(10%) (16) (10)% (74)
Japanese Yen 10% (1,019) 10% (1,624)
(10%) 1,019 (10)% 1,624
Renminbi 10% 33,238 10% 22
(10%) (33,238) (10)% (22)
     
Results of the analysis as presented in the above table represent an aggregation of the instantaneous effects on each of the Group 
entities’ profit after taxation and equity measured in the respective functional currencies, translated into Hong Kong dollars at the 
exchange rate ruling at the end of the reporting period for presentation purposes.
The sensitivity analysis assumes that the change in foreign exchange rates had been applied to remeasure those financial instruments 
held by the Group which expose the Group to currency risk at the end of the reporting period. The analysis excludes differences that 
would result from the translation of the financial statements of operations outside Hong Kong into the Group’s presentation currency. 
The analysis has been performed on the same basis for 2022.

===== PAGE 179 =====
177
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
29 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES (CONTINUED)
(d) INTEREST RATE RISK
Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market 
interest rates. The Group’s interest rate risk arises primarily from bank borrowings. Borrowings issued at variable rates expose the 
Group to cash flow interest rate risk. The Group’s interest rate risk profile as monitored by management is set out in below.
(i) Interest rate risk profile
The following table, as reported to the management of the Group, details the interest rate risk profile of the Group’s borrowings at the 
end of the reporting period:
2023 2022
Note $’000 $’000
Fixed rate borrowings:
Lease liabilities 24 22,066 11,794
Bank loans 23 443,154 33,600
    
465,220 45,394
    
Variable rate borrowings
Bank loans 23 176,782 633,600
    
(ii) Sensitivity analysis
At 31 December 2023, it is estimated that a general increase/decrease of 50 basis points in interest rates, with all other variables held 
constant, would have decreased/increased the Group’s profit after tax and retained profits by approximately HK$7,180,000 (2022: 
HK$1,663,000).
The sensitivity analysis above indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s profit after tax (and retained profits) that would arise 
assuming that the change in interest rates had occurred at the end of the reporting period.

===== PAGE 180 =====
178
 Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
29 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES (CONTINUED)
(e) FAIR VALUES
(i) Financial assets measured at fair value
Fair value hierarchy
The following table presents the fair value of the Group’s financial instruments measured at the end of the reporting period on a 
recurring basis, categorised into the three-level fair value hierarchy as defined in HKFRS 13, Fair value measurement . The level into 
which a fair value measurement is classified is determined with reference to the observability and significance of the inputs used in 
the valuation technique as follows:
•	 Level 	1 	valuations: 	Fair 	value 	measured 	using 	only 	Level 	1 	inputs 	i.e. 	unadjusted 	quoted 	prices 	in 	active 	markets 	for 	identical	
assets or liabilities at the measurement date.
•	 Level 	2 	valuations: 	Fair 	value 	measured 	using 	Level 	2 	inputs 	i.e. 	observable 	inputs 	which 	fail 	to 	meet 	Level 	1, 	and 	not 	using	
significant unobservable inputs. Unobservable inputs are inputs for which market data are not available.
•	 Level 	3	valuations:	Fair	value	measured	using	significant	unobservable	inputs.
Fair value at
31 December
Fair value measurements as at
31 December 2023 categorised into
Fair value at
31 December
Fair value measurements as at
31 December 2022 categorised into
  
2023 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 2022 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
$’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000
Recurring fair value measurements
Trading securities 15,405 15,405 – – 65 65 – –
Unlisted equity securities 41,897 – – 41,897 42,588 – – 42,588
         
57,302 15,405 – 41,897 42,653 65 – 42,588
         
During the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2023, there were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2, or transfers into or out of 
Level 3. The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers between levels of fair value hierarchy as at the end of the reporting period in 
which they occur.
Valuation techniques and inputs used in Level 3 fair value measurements
As at 31 December 2023, the fair value of unlisted equity instruments is determined using the enterprise value/sales ratios of 
comparable listed companies adjusted for lack of marketability discount. The fair value measurement is negatively correlated to the 
discount for lack of marketability. As at 31 December 2023, it is estimated that with all other variables held constant, a decrease/
increase in discount for lack of marketability by 3% would have increased/decreased the Group’s profit after taxation and retained 
profits by HK$273,700.
As at 31 December 2022, the fair value of unlisted equity instruments is determined using the enterprise value/sales ratios of 
comparable listed companies adjusted for lack of marketability discount. The fair value measurement is negatively correlated to the 
discount for lack of marketability. As at 31 December 2022, it is estimated that with all other variables held constant, a decrease/
increase in discount for lack of marketability by 3% would have increased/decreased the Group’s profit after taxation and retained 
profits by HK$125,000.

===== PAGE 181 =====
179
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
31 DISPOSAL OF A SUBSIDIARY
2022
$’000
Property, plant and equipment 1,489
Intangible assets 13,618
Goodwill 11,487
Other assets 59,445
  
Total assets 86,039
Total liabilities (76,895)
Non-controlling interests (4,529)
  
Net assets disposed 4,615
  
Cumulative exchange loss in respect of
 net assets of the subsidiary reclassified
 from equity to profit or loss on loss of
 control of the subsidiary (214)
Remeasurement at fair value of retained
 interest in former subsidiary 4,927
  
4,713
  
Gain on disposal 98
  
Net cash outflow is determined as follow:
Cash and cash equivalents disposed (14,822)
  
During the year ended 31 December 2022, Hefei Jiangcheng had 
issued additional shares to third party investors. Upon completion 
of the capital increase and a resulting change of board 
composition of Hefei Jiangcheng, the director considered that the 
Group no longer had the control over Hefei Jiangcheng. Since 
then, the Group holds 46.24% of equity interest in Hefei 
Jiangcheng which has been accounted for as an associate of the 
Group.
29 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND  
FAIR VALUES (CONTINUED)
(e) FAIR VALUES (CONTINUED)
(i) Financial assets measured at fair value 
(Continued)
Valuation techniques and inputs used in Level 3 fair value 
measurements (Continued)
As at 31 December 2022, the fair value of unlisted equity 
securities is approximated using their purchase price based on 
comparable transactions approach as the Directors consider that 
it represents the unlisted equity securities’ most recent market 
value. The valuation approach requires significant judgement, 
assumption and inputs, including market information of recent 
transactions (such as recent fund raising transactions undertaken 
by the investees).
(ii) Fair value of financial assets and liabilities 
carried at other than fair value
The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial instruments carried 
at amortised cost were not materially different from their fair 
values as at 31 December 2022 and 2023.
(iii) Financial guarantees
The fair value of financial guarantees issued is determined by 
reference to fees charged in an arm’s length transaction for 
similar services, when such information is obtainable, or is 
otherwise estimated by reference to interest rate differentials, by 
comparing the actual rates charged by lenders when the 
guarantee is made available with the estimated rates that lenders 
would have charged, had the guarantees not been available, 
where reliable estimates of such information can be made.
30 COMMITMENTS
Capital commitments outstanding at the end of the reporting 
period not provided for in the financial statements were as 
follows:
2023 2022
$’000 $’000
Contracted for 346,202 905,255
   
The capital commitments outstanding at the end of the reporting 
period are mainly for the new production base for automotive 
display, manufacturing facilities in Chengdu, Chinese Mainland.

===== PAGE 182 =====
180
 Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
Notes:
(1) The transactions were conducted based on the terms as governed by  
the renewed master purchase agreement and renewed master 
subcontracting agreement entered into between the Company and BOE 
on 6 September 2021. Further details are set out in the Company’s 
announcement dated 6 September 2021. The related party transactions 
constitute continuing connected transaction as defined in Chapter 14A 
of the Listing Rules.
(2) The transactions were conducted based on the terms as governed by  
the assets lease agreement entered into between Chengdu Vx, a 
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and Chengdu BOE 
Optoelectronics Technology Co., Ltd. (“Chengdu BOE”), a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of BOE on 30 December 2021. Further details are set out in 
the Company’s announcement dated 30 December 2021. The related 
party transactions constitute continuing connected transactions under 
Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
(3) The transactions were conducted based on the terms as governed by  
the tenancy agreement (“Tenancy Agreement”) for a term commencing 
from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2024. The transactions as 
contemplated under the Tenancy Agreement constitute continuing 
connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
(4) The transactions were conducted based on the terms as governed by  
the renewed trademark licence agreement (“Trademark Licence 
Agreement”) on 21 December 2022 to extend the terms to 31 December 
2024. The transactions as contemplated under the Trademark Licence 
Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions under Chapter 
14A of the Listing Rules.
(5) The transactions were conducted based on the terms as governed by  
the master framework agreement entered into between the Company 
and BOE on 22 July 2022. Further details are set out in the Company’s 
announcement dated 22 July 2022. The related party transactions 
constitute continuing connected transaction as defined in Chapter 14A 
of the Listing Rules.
(6) The transactions were conducted based on the terms as governed by  
the Master Subcontracting Agreement entered into between the 
Company and BOE on 29 April 2022. Further details are set out in the 
Company’s announcement dated 29 April 2022. The related party 
transactions constitute continuing connected transaction as defined in 
Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
The above transactions are presented net of value-added tax.
(c) BALANCES WITH RELATED PARTIES
At 31 December 2023, included in trade and other payables were 
amounts due to BOE Group for the purchase cost and other 
expenses payable of HK$694,949,000 (2022: HK$1,492,132,000). 
Non-current deposits of HK$68,022,000 (2022: HK$52,300,000) 
were paid to BOE Group for the purchase of TFT panels toolings 
for manufacturing TFT modules. Prepayment of HK$2,739,000 
(2022: HK$33,083,000) made to BOE Group were included in trade 
and other receivables, deposits and prepayments and other 
contract costs in the consolidated statement of financial position.
Other than non-current deposits, balances with related parties 
are unsecured, interest-free and are recoverable within one year.
32 MATERIAL RELATED PARTY 
TRANSACTIONS
(a) KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL 
REMUNERATION
Remuneration for key management personnel, including amounts 
paid to the Directors is disclosed in note 8 and certain of the 
highest paid employees is disclosed in note 9.
(b) RECURRING TRANSACTIONS
The following transactions were carried out with related parties, 
including BOE Technology Group Co., Ltd. (“BOE”), the parent of 
the Company, and its subsidiaries other than the Group 
(collectively “BOE Group”), except for disclosed elsewhere in the 
annual financial report.
2023 2022
$’000 $’000
BOE Group:
Purchase of goods from
 BOE Group (note (1)) 4,592,212 6,475,616
Lease of property,
 plant and equipment
 to BOE Group (note (2)) 3,472 14,089
Purchase of PPE and
 intangible assets from
 BOE Group (note (5)) 69,201 43,788
Lease of PPE from
 BOE Group (note (5)) 10,125 330
Rental, management fee,
 utilities service fees
 and computer
 integrated manufacturing
 system fee charged by
 BOE Group (note (3))
 — Tenancy Agreements 93 97
Trademark licence fee paid
 to BOE Group (note (4)) 19,257 21,818
Subcontracting fee charged
 to BOE Group (note (6)) 3,666 8,127
   

===== PAGE 183 =====
181
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
34 IMMEDIATE PARENT AND ULTIMATE 
CONTROLLING PARTY
At 31 December 2023, the directors consider the immediate 
parent and the ultimate controlling party of the Group to be BOE 
Technology (HK) Limited, which is incorporated in Hong Kong, 
and BOE Technology Group Co., Ltd., which is incorporated in the 
PRC, respectively. BOE Technology Group Co., Ltd. produces 
financial statements available for public use.
35 NON-ADJUSTING EVENTS AFTER 
THE REPORTING PERIOD
At 31 December 2023, the bank loan amount of HK$171,044,000 
is secured by certain land, buildings, machinery and equipment 
of a subsidiary of the Group to match its long-term development. 
Such underlying pledged agreement of the loan agreement will 
be effective when registration of those land and building with 
relevant authorities is completed and management expected will 
be within 2024.
The Group had no other material events for disclosure 
subsequent to 31 December 2023 and up to the date of this 
report.
33 COMPANY-LEVEL STATEMENT OF 
FINANCIAL POSITION
2023 2022
Note $’000 $’000
Non-current asset
Investments in subsidiaries 15 2,773,672 2,944,212
    
Current assets
Amount due from a subsidiary – 600,000
Other receivables 9,037 7,718
Cash and cash equivalents 2,199 1,226
    
11,236 608,944
    
Current liabilities
Other payables 8,027 7,506
Bank loans – 600,000
    
8,027 607,506
    
Net current assets 3,209 1,438
    
NET ASSETS 2,776,881 2,945,650
    
CAPITAL AND RESERVES
Share capital 28(c) 197,894 197,853
Reserves 28(a) 2,578,987 2,747,797
    
TOTAL EQUITY 2,776,881 2,945,650
    
Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 
21 March 2024.
Gao Wenbao Ko Wing Yan, Samantha
Director Director

===== PAGE 184 =====
182
 Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
NOTES TO THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
36 POSSIBLE IMPACT OF 
AMENDMENTS, NEW STANDARDS 
AND INTERPRETATIONS ISSUED BUT 
NOT YET EFFECTIVE FOR THE YEAR 
ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023
Up to the date of issue of these financial statements, the HKICPA 
has issued a number of new or amended standards which are 
not yet effective for the year ended 31 December 2023 and which 
have not been adopted in these financial statements. These 
developments include the following which may be relevant to the 
Group.
Effective for
accounting
periods
beginning on
or after
Amendments to HKAS 1, Presentation of
 financial statements: Classification of
 liabilities as current or non-current
1 January 2024
Amendments to HKAS1, Presentation of
 financial statements: Non-current liabilities
 with covenants (“2022 amendments”)
1 January 2024
Amendments to HKFRS 16, Leases:
 Lease liability in a sale and leaseback
1 January 2024
Amendments to HKAS 7, Statement of
 cash flows and HKFRS 7, Financial Instruments:
 Disclosures: Supplier finance arrangements
1 January 2024
Amendments to HKAS 21, The effects of 
 changes in foreign exchange rates: 
 Lack of exchangeability
1 January 2025
The Group is in the process of making an assessment of what the 
impact of these developments is expected to be in the period of 
initial application. So far it has concluded that the adoption of 
them is unlikely to have a significant impact on the consolidated 
financial statements.

===== PAGE 185 =====
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
183
FIVE YEAR
SUMMARY
2019 2022 2021 2022 2023
$’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000
Results:
Revenue 3,573,978 4,526,914 7,737,943 10,722,361 10,760,416
      
Profit from operations 29,440 70,443 350,084 670,464 569,723
Finance costs (538) (578) (915) (12,361) (25,220)
Share of losses of associate (552) (1,850) (490) (456) (4,471)
      
Profit before taxation 28,350 68,015 348,679 657,647 540,032
Income tax (3,330) (1,077) (38,960) (98,077) (58,951)
      
Profit for the year 25,020 66,938 309,719 559,570 481,081
      
Profit attributable to:
Equity shareholders of the Company 25,020 68,639 327,798 582,451 475,260
Non-controlling interests – (1,701) (18,079) (22,881) 5,821
      
Profit for the year 25,020 66,938 309,719 559,570 481,081
      
Assets and liabilities:
Property, plant and equipment 504,215 467,046 583,434 1,490,300 1,759,580
Interest in associates 10,447 8,806 – 7,922 –
Intangible assets 5,269 4,565 38,457 22,173 25,061
Goodwill – – 11,487 – –
Other financial assets – – 40,614 42,588 41,897
Non-current deposits 29,339 32,138 15,332 98,265 101,264
Deferred tax assets 10,277 10,277 654 11,286 8,843
Net current assets 2,212,120 2,269,774 2,685,133 2,507,441 3,074,434
      
Total assets less current liabilities 2,771,667 2,792,606 3,375,111 4,179,975 5,011,079
Lease liabilities (3,143) (9,934) (11,042) (4,402) (13,907)
Deferred tax liabilities (8,182) (8,293) (13,165) (9,977) (3,468)
Deferred Income (8,907) (7,225) (5,279) (18,911) (200,496)
Non-current bank loans – – – (30,912) (383,497)
      
Net assets 2,751,435 2,767,154 3,345,625  4,115,773 4,409,711
      
Capital and reserves
Share capital 183,794 183,794 184,039 197,853 197,894
Reserves 2,567,641 2,526,142 2,848,385 3,866,845 4,155,701
      
Total equity attributable to equity 
 shareholders of the Company 2,751,435 2,709,936 3,032,424 4,064,698 4,353,595
Non-controlling interests – 57,218 313,201 51,075 56,116
      
Total equity 2,751,435 2,767,154 3,345,625 4,115,773 4,409,711
      
Earnings per share (in HK cents)
Basic 3.4 9.3 45.1 78.4 60.4
Diluted 3.4 9.3 44.8 77.8 60.2
      

===== PAGE 186 =====
Annual Report 2023    BOE Varitronix Limited
PROPERTIES HELD BY 
THE GROUP
184
Location Existing use Percentage holding
1. Flat G, 22nd Floor, Tower 1,
Yue Man Centre,
Nos. 300 and 302 Ngau Tau Kok Road,
Kwun Tong,
Kowloon
Staff quarters 100%
2. 128 Heyuan Road, Yuancheng District
Heyuan City, Guangdong,
The People’s Republic of China
Industrial 100%
3. Unit 3 Milbanke Court,
Milbanke Way, Bracknell,
Berkshire,
United Kingdom
Office 100%
4. No.1188 Hexin Rd, (West Zone),
Hi-Tech Zone,
Chengdu, Sichuan
Industrial 100%
    
Note: The above properties are either freehold, held on long or medium-term leases  or have no specified lease term.

===== PAGE 187 =====
