

===== PAGE 1 =====


===== PAGE 2 =====
MISSION
VISION
VALUE
Delighting the journeys by total 
display solutions.
To be the leader of intelligent 
automotive displays and solutions.
Provide customers 
with a diversified, 
convenient and 
effective one-stop 
service, become the 
premium partner.

===== PAGE 3 =====
CONTENTS
002 About BOE Varitronix
003 Corporate Information
005 Chairman’s Statement
006 Management Discussion and Analysis
016 Environmental, Social and Governance Report
094 Board of Directors and Senior Management
100 Corporate Governance Report
120 Report of the Directors
137 Report of the Independent Auditor
142 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
143 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and  
Other Comprehensive Income
144 Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
145 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
147 Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
148 Notes to the Financial Statements
199 Five Year Summary
200 Properties Held by the Group

===== PAGE 4 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited02
ABOUT   
BOE VARITRONIX
BOE Varitronix Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) was established in 1978 and the 
shares of the Company were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited in 1991. The 
Group is principally engaged in the automotive and industrial display business and has monochrome display 
manufacturing capacity and thin film transistor (TFT) and touch panel display module assembly capacity.
The Company is a subsidiary of BOE Technology Group Co., Ltd. (“BOE”). BOE is a well-known leading supplier 
of semiconductor display technologies, products and services and its products are widely used in a broad 
spectrum of applications such as mobile phones, tablets, notebooks, monitors, televisions, automotive displays 
and digital information displays. The Company falls under Display and Sensor Business Group of the BOE 
Group. The Company focuses on automotive and industrial display business and is the sole development, 
manufacturing and distribution platform of the BOE Group for automotive display module and system 
businesses.
The Group is now in a global leading position in automotive TFT display market with the highest market shares 
in terms of overall medium-to-large size delivery. Our vision is to become the leader of intelligent automotive 
displays and solutions.
ABOUT BOE  
VARITRONIX


===== PAGE 5 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 03
CORPORATE   
INFORMATION
NOMINATION COMMITTEE
Mr. Gao Wenbao (Chairman) (ceased on 10 October 2025)
Mr. Su Ning (Chairman) 
 (appointed as Chairman on 10 October 2025)
Ms. Ko Wing Yan, Samantha (appointed on 10 October 2025)
Mr. Fung, Yuk Kan Peter
Mr. Chu, Howard Ho Hwa
Mr. Pang Chunlin
INVESTMENT COMMITTEE
Mr. Gao Wenbao (Chairman) (ceased on 10 October 2025)
Mr. Su Ning (Chairman) 
 (appointed as Chairman on 10 October 2025)
Ms. Ko Wing Yan, Samantha
Mr. Lo Pak Chi (appointed on 10 October 2025)
Other members are not directors of the Company
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
KPMG
Public Interest Entity Auditor registered in accordance with
the Accounting and Financial Reporting Council Ordinance
LEGAL ADVISER
Baker & McKenzie
PRINCIPAL BANKERS
(IN ALPHABETICAL ORDER)
Agricultural Bank of China Limited
Bank of China Limited
Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited
Bank of Communications Co., Ltd.
China Citic Bank International Limited
China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
CMB Wing Lung Bank Limited
Hang Seng Bank Limited
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited
Industrial Bank Co., Ltd.
MUFG Bank, Ltd.
Shanghai Pudong Development Bank Co., Ltd.
The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited
The corporate information of BOE Varitronix Limited as of 
the latest practicable date* prior to the issue of this annual 
report, is as follows:
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS:
Mr. Gao Wenbao (Chairman) (resigned on 10 October 2025)
Mr. Su Ning (Chairman) 
 (appointed as Chairman on 10 October 2025)
Ms. Ko Wing Yan, Samantha
Mr. Lo Pak Chi (appointed on 10 October 2025)
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS:
Mr. Shao Xibin
Mr. Jin Hao (resigned on 10 October 2025)
Mr. Meng Chao
Mr. Liu Jing (appointed on 10 October 2025)
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTORS:
Mr. Fung, Yuk Kan Peter
Mr. Chu, Howard Ho Hwa
Mr. Pang Chunlin
COMPANY SECRETARY
Mr. Chung Kai Cheong (resigned on 29 September 2025)
Mr. Chan Ka Kit (appointed on 29 September 2025)
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE
Ms. Ko Wing Yan, Samantha
Mr. Chung Kai Cheong (resigned on 29 September 2025)
Mr. Chan Ka Kit (appoint on 29 September 2025)
AUDIT COMMITTEE
Mr. Fung, Yuk Kan Peter (Chairman)
Mr. Chu, Howard Ho Hwa
Mr. Pang Chunlin
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
Mr. Fung, Yuk Kan Peter (Chairman)
Mr. Gao Wenbao (ceased on 10 October 2025)
Mr. Su Ning (appointed on 10 October 2025)
Ms. Ko Wing Yan, Samantha
Mr. Chu, Howard Ho Hwa
Mr. Pang Chunlin
* the latest pra cticable date: 10 April 2026, being the latest practicable date prior to the issue of this annual report.

===== PAGE 6 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited04
CORPORATE INFORMATION
LISTING INFORMATION
The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
Stock Code: 710
SHARE CAPITAL
As at 31 December 2025,
the share capital of the Company is as follows:
Number of authorised shares: 5,000,000,000
Number of issued share: 791,575,204
Total authorised share capital: HK$1,250,000,000
Total issued share capital: HK$197,893,801
Par value: HK$0.25
COMPANY WEBSITE
http://www.boevx.com
INVESTOR RELATIONS CONTACT
investor@boevx.com
REGISTERED OFFICE
Clarendon House
2 Church Street
Hamilton HM11
Bermuda
HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL  
PLACE OF BUSINESS
Units A–F, 35/F., Legend Tower
No. 7 Shing Yip Street
Kwun Tong, Kowloon
Hong Kong
PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRARS  
AND TRANSFER OFFICE
Appleby Global Corporate Services (Bermuda) Limited
Canon’s Court, 22 Victoria Street,
PO Box HM 1179, Hamilton HM EX
Bermuda
HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE 
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Shops 1712–16, 17/F., Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai
Hong Kong
FINANCIAL CALENDAR  
Annual General Meeting  
Last Registration Date Wednesday, 17 June 2026
  
Book close period Thursday, 18 June 2026 to Thursday, 25 June 2026 (both days inclusive)
  
Record date Thursday, 25 June 2026
  
Meeting Date Thursday, 25 June 2026
Final Dividend  
Ex-dividend date Friday, 3 July 2026
  
Book close period Tuesday, 7 July 2026 to Friday, 10 July 2026 (both days inclusive)
  
Record date Friday, 10 July 2026
  
Payment date On or around Friday, 17 July 2026
  

===== PAGE 7 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 05
CHAIRMAN’S   
STATEMENT
In 2025, we formally established the “Varitronix 5V 
Development Roadmap”, laying a clear path for the Company’s 
future direction. We are committed to enhancing our market 
share in automotive display market, increasing investment in 
core technology research and development and strengthening 
our smart cockpit system integration capabilities, accelerating 
the globalisation ecosystem development and deepening our 
presence into overseas market, thereby comprehensively 
advancing toward our business evolution into a world leading 
smart cockpit solutions provider.
Looking ahead to 2026, the inaugural year of the “15th Five-
Year Plan”, the Group will resolutely accelerate the execution 
of our “Beyond Displays and Beyond Automotive” dual-engine 
strategy under the guiding vision of “AI -Drive n Leadership”. 
We will continue to advance along the path of premiumisation, 
intelligentisation, and globalisation, and accelerating at full 
speed toward our strategic transformation into a world-
leading smart cockpit solutions provider.
We will also embrace the global innovation ecosystem with 
greater openness and inclusiveness, partnering with more 
collaborators who share entrepreneurial and innovative 
aspirations to jointly shape the future, and drive collaborative 
development across the industry ecosystem, technological 
breakthroughs, and integrated innovation across multi-
application scenarios. Through the continued deep integration 
of artificial intelligence, cutting-edge display technologies, and 
system integration capabilities, we will continue to explore 
broader application scenarios and respond to global partners’ 
expectations with higher-quality products and services.
Every step of the Group’s progress is inseparable from the 
dedication of management, the hard work of our employees, 
the trust of shareholders, the support of investors, and the 
long-term cooperation of our business partners. On behalf 
of the Board of Directors, I would like to express my most 
sincere gratitude to all those who have contributed to the 
Group’s development. Looking ahead, we will collaborate 
closely with all stakeholders as we advance towards a new 
phase of higher-quality and more resilient development.
Su Ning
Chairman
Hong Kong, 23 March 2026
Looking back over the past year, the Group has forged ahead 
with resilience against the backdrop of the surging innovation 
wave in embodied intelligent robots and the accelerating 
penetration of “AI+ All things” era. By steadfastly implementing 
our established strategies, we have achieved solid progress 
across multiple core business segments, further reinforcing 
the foundation of our market leading position, while 
continuing to optimise our business scale and operation 
structure. With the trust and support of our valued business 
partners, our worldwide business presence continued to 
expand. Together with our global partners, we co-developed 
a broader and deeper synergised ecosystem, injecting 
sustained momentum for the Group’s future globalisation 
development.

===== PAGE 8 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited06
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION   
AND ANALYSIS
INDUSTRIAL DISPLAY BUSINESS
For the year under review, the industrial display business 
recorded revenue of HK$932 million (2024: HK$789 million), 
representing approximately 7% of the Group’s total revenue. 
As the market accelerates its transition from traditional 
monochrome display products to larger-sized and full-color 
TFT display products, the Group continues to expand into 
emerging application scenarios enabled by the integration 
of artificial intelligence. By leveraging the high reliability, 
strong durability, and low power consumption characteristics 
derived from automotive-grade quality control system, we 
have accelerated our penetration into various applications, 
including unmanned stores, public transportation (aviation, 
rail and passenger transport), vertical mobility, parking and 
charging facilities, vending machines, edge-computing devices, 
home appliances, and commercial office applications, thereby 
progressively building our second growth engine.
PRODUCTION CAPACITY ENHANCEMENT
During the year under review, the Group made key progress 
in its global production capacity layout. Domestically, the 
expansion project of the Heyuan plant officially commenced, 
marking a new phase in the implementation of the “Three-
Step” development strategy. This will further enhance the 
production capacity for medium-to-large-sized automotive 
display modules and system assemblies, while improving 
production consistency through a more automated and 
digitalized production line architecture, thereby supporting 
structural growth in the coming years. Meanwhile, the 
Chengdu Plant has continued to improve yield rates and 
efficiency through automated capacity expansion, process 
optimisation, and intelligent quality management, further 
strengthening its position as the Group’s core plant for 
medium-to-large-sized automotive display products during 
the year. The construction of the new material innovation 
production plant in Hefei is also progressing steadily. In the 
future, it will complement the development of our innovative 
display businesses and new material businesses with its 
differentiated and flexible production capabilities.
Regarding overseas facilities, the Vietnam production plant 
successfully achieved its first product “power-on” milestone 
in 2025, marking the official integration of the global supply 
chain network. This plant will proceed with mass production 
in line with order intake going forward and play a key role in 
addressing geopolitical risks and expanding overseas localized 
business capabilities.
BUSINESS REVIEW
AUTOMOTIVE DISPLAY BUSINESS
For the year under review, the automotive display business 
recorded revenue of HK$13,025 million (2024: HK$12,660 
million), representing approximately 93% of the Group’s 
total revenue. To date, the Group has served more than 100 
enterprises across the global automotive industry chain, and 
our products and smart cockpit solutions have been widely 
adopted by nearly all mainstream global automotive brands, 
consistently enhancing the driving experience for users 
worldwide through innovative technologies.
According to data from Omdia, an industry research 
institution, the Group has maintained its leading position 
in the global automotive display market in terms of both 
shipment volume and shipping area, ranking first in the 8-inch 
and above display segment. Regarding product technology 
iteration, the Group’s market share in the Low Temperature 
Poly-silicon (“LTPS”) and Oxide technology segments 
continued to grow. Notably, full-year shipments of LTPS 
products surged approximately 70%, and we also secured a 
substantial number of new project wins, paving the way for 
rapid shipment growth in the coming years.
The system and smart cockpit solutions business maintained 
robust growth momentum in 2025, and we have secured 
new project awards from multiple leading Chinese and 
international automakers, driving continuous optimisation 
of product structure and customer mix, and enhancing our 
core competitiveness. The Group remained focused on its 
core “Beyond Displays” strategy, and launched its inaugural 
AI audio amplifier product during the year under review, and 
continued to advance the development of other smart cockpit 
solution products.


===== PAGE 9 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 07
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
MARKET REVIEW
In 2025, the global macroeconomic environment remained 
highly uncertain, with geopolitical tensions and rising trade 
protectionism weighing on major economies. Despite this, 
China’s automotive industry continued to lead the global 
shift toward electrification and intelligentisation, supported 
by its scale advantages, supply -chain strength and rapid 
technological iteration. Entering 2026, global EV demand 
growth is expected to moderate, with structural penetration 
becoming the key driver as industry competition shifts from 
“price -driven” to “value -driven”, ushering in a more mature 
and quality-focused development phase.
AI-driv en intelligentisation accelerated across the automotive 
value chain in 2025, enabling upgrades in intelligent driving, 
smart cockpits, visual algorithms and vehicle control. L3 
autonomous driving received its first official access approval 
from the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology and 
entered mass production, multiple government departments 
further clarified access, safety and liability frameworks, 
laying the foundation for the commercialisation of high -level 
autonomous driving.
The advancement of intelligent driving has accelerated 
demand for smart cockpits. In 2025, more models now 
feature intelligent driving as standard, accompanied by 
growing expectations for intelligent interaction, AI -e nhanced 
experiences and safety -related displays. Cockpit displays 
are evolving from “larger and brighter” to “smarter and 
more energy -e fficient,” driving a new cycle of structural 
upgrades. The global automotive display module market 
continues to grow steadily, especially in oxide, LTPS and OLED 
technologies. According to Omdia, the next three years will 
see CAGRs in global automotive display modules shipment 
of 19.3% for medium -to-large (15 -inch and above), 14.2% for 
LTPS, and 34.3% for OLED.
QUALITY AND SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT
Our Quality Control Committee continued to operate 
throughout 2025, adhering to stringent industry standards 
in design, primarily based on the automotive industry’s IATF 
16949 quality management system. The framework ensures 
unified oversight of supplier quality and extends quality 
requirements forward to the supply end and customer sites. 
By holding quality conferences and implementing a “Quality 
Month” system, we have strengthened suppliers’ quality 
awareness and promoted improvement. At the same time, 
we continued to integrate automated optical inspection and 
digitize key processes, effectively improving first-pass yield, 
stability, and product consistency. In 2025, the average defect 
rate of our TFT products remained below 30.0 parts per 
million (ppm).
Amid ongoing challenges in the global automotive components 
supply chain due to geopolitical tensions and regulatory 
changes, the Group maintained a prudent approach while 
comprehensively strengthening supply chain resilience. We 
advanced the diversification of suppliers for key components, 
enhanced collaboration with domestic and overseas partners, 
and established flexible alternative supply channels. Additionally, 
we optimized our inventory strategies to maintain adequate and 
secure reserves of key materials, ensuring production continuity. 
We also established more stable long-term cooperation and 
capacity assurance mechanisms with core suppliers, while 
simultaneously improving the synergy between domestic and 
overseas supply chain systems. Through these initiatives, the 
Group has developed a more robust supply chain structure 
better equipped to handle uncertainties, thereby ensuring 
business continuity and reliable customer deliveries.


===== PAGE 10 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited08
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
During the year under review, the Group generated HK$2,971 
million in revenue from the European display business, based 
on customers’ sourcing decisions, representing an increase 
of approximately 22% compared with 2024 and contributing 
around 21% of total revenue. Growth was mainly driven by 
orders for TFT display modules secured in previous years, 
with deliveries commencing in 2025, as well as strong market 
reception of several European flagship models equipped 
with our displays. During the year, we also established direct 
supply and exclusive strategic partnerships with major 
European automakers and secured contracts with several 
renowned manufacturers, laying the foundation for stable 
order flows in the coming years. With mass production 
of these projects commencing in the future, the Group 
anticipates meaningful revenue growth from the European 
market.
AMERICA
In 2025, the U.S. NEV market entered a period of adjustment, 
with EV sales reaching approximately 1.3 million units, 
a modest 2% decline from 2024. The expiration of EV 
subsidies under the Inflation Reduction Act in September 
2025 pulled forward demand and led to a sharp drop in 
fourth-quarter sales, creating potential headwinds for 2026. 
Nevertheless, medium -te rm prospects remain supported 
by improvements in charging infrastructure, broader model 
availability and ongoing technological advances. Elsewhere in 
the Americas, most countries continue to implement policies 
aimed at protecting local industries through import tariffs 
and requirements for localized production and investment, 
resulting in a relatively slow projected increase in regional 
NEV penetration.
During the year under review, the Americas generated 
revenue of HK$712 million based on customers’ sourcing 
decisions, accounting for approximately 5% of the Group’s 
total revenue and declining by about 15% from 2024 due to 
a downturn in the U.S. transportation market and economic 
and tariff uncertainties. Despite this, the Group continued 
to pursue NEV -re lated opportunities, promoted TFT display 
modules to automotive and industrial customers amid the 
shift from monochrome to colour displays, and showcased 
product innovations at CES for the fourth consecutive year. 
We also expanded applications of our displays in vehicle 
digitalisation with encouraging results, while the introduction 
of new customer models and rising demand for higher -value 
semi -system products are expected to support future 
growth. The Group strengthened cooperation with major 
Tier-1  partners, enhanced local sales capabilities in Middle 
America to improve responsiveness and speed up order 
acquisition, and proactively advanced localized assembly and 
procurement in markets such as Mexico to bolster regional 
competitiveness.
THE PRC
In 2025, China’s automotive consumption shifted from 
“price -drive n” to “value -drive n.” According to CAAM, 
automobile production and sales reached 34.5 million and 
34.4 million units, up 10.4% and 9.4% year -on-year, while NEV 
production and sales grew 28.8% and 28.2% to 16.6 million 
and 16.5 million units, pushing penetration to nearly 50%; NEV 
exports also rose 21.1% to 7.1 million units. Trade -in policies 
remained effective, and price -cut activity declined from 2024, 
signalling a weakening of “volume -for -price” tactics. With 
national subsidies phasing out, replacement subsidies will 
shift to a proportional mechanism in 2026, guiding consumers 
toward RMB200,000 -level models and redirecting competition 
to technology, configuration and experience. Looking 
ahead, structural trends remain strong: EV penetration in 
lower-tier markets is accelerating through localized channels 
and services, while electrification in commercial vehicles 
continues to expand in logistics, public transport and 
specialized applications, supporting steady growth as industry 
competition moves firmly toward value -driven development.
During the year under review, revenue from the PRC 
market, based on customers’ sourcing decisions, increased 
to HK$8,896 million, accounting for approximately 64% 
of the Group’s total revenue, mainly from automotive 
display business. Supported by the rapid growth of NEVs 
and favourable policies, the PRC remained the Group’s 
largest market. The Group continued to focus on leading 
NEV manufacturers, deepening cooperation through 
platform -based and standardised solution development 
to improve efficiency, accelerate project rollout and mass 
production, and introduce competitive high -value products. 
Through ongoing optimisation of supply chain, quality, 
production and sales processes, the Group strengthened 
customer trust, expanded strategic partnerships and upheld 
its market-leading position in China.
EUROPE
In 2025, NEV demand in Europe was mixed due to economic 
weakness, inadequate charging infrastructure and policy 
uncertainties, with provisional tariffs adding short-term pressure. 
However, in January 2026, the EU issued its “Guidance Document 
on Price Undertaking Offers,” clarifying that price undertakings 
could be accepted under the anti -subsidy framework as an 
alternative to high tariffs, helping mitigate near -t erm impacts 
and preserving market access for Chinese EVs. At the same time, 
Europe’s electrification continued to advance under tightening 
carbon-reduction targets, despite short extensions for certain 
interim goals. Multiple countries resumed or expanded subsidy 
programmes: the UK announced a £650 million package; 
Germany allocated €3 billion for EV purchases; Italy introduced 
a €600 million scheme; France raised its per -vehicle subsidy to 
€5,700 and Spain launched a €400 million programme. These 
measures collectively support the steady progression of Europe’s 
electrification.

===== PAGE 11 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 09
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
KOREA
In the Korean market, the government has set a target to 
increase the number of electric vehicles to 2 million by 
2030 and intends to expedite the construction of charging 
stations. To further encourage electric vehicle purchases, the 
government will offer in 2026, KR ₩177.5 billion in EV transition 
subsidies and KR₩ 73.7 billion in commercial NEV financing 
support, bringing total subsidy amount to approximately 
KR₩ 15.9 trillion. The policy focus has shifted from per-
vehicle subsidies towards structured support for “demand 
stabilisation and scale expansion”. Supported by local 
automakers launching more price-competitive models and 
the accelerated charging infrastructure rollout, South Korea’s 
NEV demand is expected to maintain a rapid growth trend in 
2026.
During the year, revenue generated from Korea based on 
the location of sourcing decision of customers was HK$331 
million, representing a decrease of approximately 12% from 
that of 2024. Korea accounted for approximately 2% of the 
Group’s revenue. The decrease in revenue during the period 
was mainly due to product update and iteration cycles. 
Nevertheless, Korea will be an important market to the Group 
and we are putting utmost effort to obtain orders from 
leading Tier-1 manufacturers.
TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT
To capture the strategic opportunities arising from automotive 
and full-scenario intelligence, the Group continued to increase 
R&D investment and strengthen the independent innovation 
capabilities. In 2025, the Group maintained steady R&D 
investment, with R&D spending sustaining an upward trend 
and the size of R&D team further expanding. This ongoing 
investment has continuously enhanced our technological 
capabilities and talent base compared to 2024, positioning 
the Group with a solid technological foundation and sustained 
innovation capability to thrive in the future competitive 
landscape.
 With the continued advancement of intelligent driving and 
smart cockpit technologies, the vision of the cockpit as the 
“third living space” has become ever more tangible. As the 
most intuitive and immersive interactive interface, automotive 
displays are now central to the intelligent experience. The 
Group has long been dedicated to advancing automotive 
display technologies, driving industry’s evolution from single-
size screens toward solutions featuring multi-size, multi-form-
factor, high-definition, high depth of field, low reflection, and 
multi-modal interaction. Through system-level integration, 
we have elevated visual performance, safety, and human-
machine interaction of display products. These innovations 
are continuously transforming vehicle interiors into more 
intelligent, comfortable, and aesthetically refined spaces.
JAPAN
According to data from the Japan Automobile Dealers 
Association and the Japan Light Motor Vehicle Association, 
Japan’s EV penetration rate was only 1.6% in 2025, unchanged 
from 2024 and remaining the lowest among developed 
countries. The main reasons behind include a limited 
number of available EV models, relatively high prices, and 
insufficient charging infrastructure. Despite these challenges, 
the Japanese government continues its strong support for 
NEVs: in 2025, it further increased purchase subsidies, with 
a maximum amount of JP¥1 million, covering both electric 
vehicles and hydrogen fuel cell vehicles. Meanwhile, NEV 
models exported from China to Japan recorded notable 
growth in 2025, setting the stage for future penetration 
growth.
During the year under review, revenue generated from 
Japan, based on customers’ sourcing decisions, amounted to 
HK$770 million, representing a decrease of approximately 
33% from 2024 and accounting for about 6% of the Group’s 
total revenue. The decline was mainly due to slower market 
growth and longer product iteration cycles. Looking ahead, 
the Group will deepen cooperation with major Japanese 
Tier -1 suppliers and electronic component manufacturers 
through joint development of advanced display technologies 
to strengthen regional operations and enhance long -te rm 
competitiveness. Our Nagoya office, which commenced 
operations in 2024 with an expanded local sales and technical 
team, will further improve customer responsiveness, enabling 
quicker understanding of technical requirements and 
shortening the order acquisition cycle.


===== PAGE 12 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited10
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
HERO SMART COCKPIT SOLUTION
At CES in January 2026, the Group deeply integrated AI 
technology into its product innovation system, significantly 
increasing the proportion of integrated hardware and 
software system products. Through multi-modal interaction 
and scenario-based innovation, we elevated the smart cockpit 
experience to a new level. The global debut of the HERO 2.0 
smart cockpit solution, along with a series of groundbreaking 
products, integrated touch, voice, and gesture-based 
interactions into a unified system. Guided by the pioneering 
“domain-controlled cockpit” concept, these innovations enable 
vehicle-home and vehicle-business connectivity, extending the 
smart cockpit experience beyond automotive and realizing 
deep integration of “human-vehicle-domain”.
Since first introducing the HERO initiative in 2023, the Group 
has consistently advanced innovation and market application 
across the four core pillars: Healthiness, Entertainment, 
Relaxation, and Office. In the health sector, the Group’s high-
end automotive displays incorporate leading low-blue-light 
eye care technology, significantly reducing harmful blue light 
exposure. Certified by TÜV Rheinland, these displays are now 
widely adopted in high-end flagship models from automakers 
including Great Wall, Changan, Li Auto, and Zeekr. In the 
entertainment and relaxation sectors, products such as co-
pilot and rear-seat entertainment systems have become key 
configurations for brands including Chery, XPeng, and NIO to 
enhance the cockpit experience.
PANORAMIC HEAD-UP DISPLAY (PHUD)
PHUD is an advanced vehicle head-up display technology. 
PHUD uses optical technology to project key information such 
as navigation, vehicle speed, oil pressure, and tire pressure in 
colour onto the windshield in front of the driver’s line of sight. 
PHUD not only reduces the time the driver takes his eyes off 
the road but also provides a seamless experience from A-pillar 
to A-pillar, allowing multiple screens to be hidden under the 
dashboard and connected to each other, further enhancing 
the driving experience. Currently our PHUD products have 
been showcased at international exhibitions and experience 
events with leading automakers, and are now integrated into 
the latest mass-produced models.
ADS-PRO
ADS, is the abbreviation of Advanced Super Dimension Switch. 
This technology not only has the advantages of ripple free on 
touching and wide viewing angle but also has the advantages 
of more accurate gamma and smaller color deviation in large 
viewing angle.
On the basis of ADS technology, ADS-Pro further 
superimposes high-end technologies such as Mini Light-
Emitting Diode (“Mini LED”), BOE Dual Cell (“BD Cell”), high 
refresh rate, high resolution and high color gamut, so that the 
screen display effect is closer to the real picture seen by the 
human eye.
During the year under review, our inaugural BD Cell special-
shaped triple-screen smart cockpit solution has achieved 
mass production and delivery, offering automakers a 
distinctive competitive edge.
F-OLED
F-OLED represents the high-end flexible OLED technology 
solution, which has the industry leading advantages of 
gorgeous colors, varied forms and high integration, and brings 
users an immersive experience anytime and anywhere.
Currently a number of automotive F-OLED projects have 
entered the mass production stage, and we are co-developing 
transparent OLED solutions with global luxury car brand 
automakers.
Besides, we are developing Tandem OLED (Double Layer 
OLED), a new type of OLED formed by electrically connecting 
multiple organic light emitting (EL) units in series inside the 
device through a special internal connection layer, which can 
have the characteristics of high efficiency and long life at the 
same time.


===== PAGE 13 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 11
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
STRATEGIC DEVELOPMENT PLAN
In the automotive display business, the Group continued to 
advance its “three -step strategy,” strengthening its leadership 
in vehicle displays, expanding its automotive display system 
portfolio, and accelerating the transition toward intelligent 
cockpit solutions. Leveraging BOE Group’s technological 
strengths, we maintained our leading position in high -e nd 
and large -sized automotive displays while increasing market 
share in next -ge neration LTPS, OLED and MLED products. In 
system and intelligent -cockpit solutions, we intensified R&D 
investment to drive our transformation from a traditional 
display manufacturer into a smart -cockpit technology 
enterprise. We also promoted industry -s tandard development 
around HERO (Health, Entertainment, Recreation, Office) 
scenarios and AI -e nabled cockpit solutions, with our 
technologies becoming the first group standard for integrated 
cockpit displays in China and expected to exert broader and 
long-term influence in the industry.
Beyond the automotive display business, the Group will 
further leverage its core technological strengths and supply 
chain capabilities to expand into industrial displays and other 
sectors, advancing the “Dual-Engine Strategy of Automotive 
+ Industrial”. The group has successfully incubated the 
brand InnoYolo targeting the consumer market. Centered 
on the concepts of “emotional value” and “high-value 
experience”, it has launched multiple innovative products. 
Additionally, the Group continues to invest in innovation 
platform development, including establishing the BOE Hong 
Kong Collaborative Innovation Institute in partnership with 
the BOE Group. This initiative focuses on collaborative 
development of cutting-edge technologies and scenario-
based innovation, achieving seamless technology-market 
integration, accelerating the efficient transformation and 
global implementation of innovation achievements, and laying 
a solid foundation for future diversified product portfolios.
AI+ INNOVATIVE APPLICATIONS
In terms of innovative applications and technological R&D, 
the Group continues to advance the commercialisation for 
cutting-edge technologies in areas such as switchable privacy 
displays, 3D displays, dual-view dual-touch, and light field 
display technologies, with several projects expected to enter 
mass production soon. BVP image quality enhancement and 
Camera Monitor Systems (CMS) have achieved breakthroughs, 
passing automotive-grade tests in image processing 
algorithms, controller performance, and reliability, and are 
now expanding into both passenger and commercial vehicle 
mirror markets.
Under the trend of “AI+Everything”, the Group is deeply 
integrating its core technological capabilities with diverse 
scenario resources to develop cross-domain solutions that 
extend the reach of intelligent experiences. For example, in 
the smart pet care field, the Group launched the world’s first 
smart ecosystem tank, merging ecological aesthetics with 
smart technology to make pet care simpler, smarter and 
safer. In the smart cycling field, AI-powered glasses integrate 
high-definition cameras, optical image stabilisation, anti-glare 
features, and dual Bluetooth earbuds, significantly enhancing 
both safety and entertainment during daily commutes and 
rides. In the smart home field, products such as the V+ smart 
calendar and wood-grain display touch cover deeply fuse 
display technology with home design aesthetics, embedding 
displays into everyday life.
Looking forward, the Group will remain focused on its 
“Beyond Displays” strategy, deepening AI-driven technological 
integration and expanding the HERO value ecosystem across 
“Healthiness, Entertainment, Relaxation and Office” scenarios. 
Through high-end innovation and intelligent solutions, we aim 
to accelerate the realisation of the HERO vision. By fostering a 
co-creation ecosystem with global partners, we are pioneering 
a new era of human-vehicle integration and full-scenario 
intelligent connectivity.


===== PAGE 14 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited12
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
RAW MATERIALS AND CONSUMABLES USED 
AND CHANGE IN INVENTORIES OF FINISHED 
GOODS AND WORK IN PROGRESS
The total amount of raw materials and consumables used and 
change in inventories of finished goods and work in progress 
in 2025 were HK$11,474 million, 3% higher compared with 
HK$11,178 million in 2024. The increase was in line with 
revenue growth.
STAFF COSTS
Staff costs in 2025 were HK$1,345 million, 20% higher 
compared with HK$1,116 million in 2024. The increase was 
mainly due to increased production volume and investment in 
staff resources relating to research and development (“R&D”) 
and overseas expansion.
DEPRECIATION
Depreciation in 2025 was HK$268 million, 10% higher 
compared with HK$244 million in 2024. The increase in 
depreciation expense was mainly due to new production lines 
brought into operation.
OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES
Other operating expenses in 2025 were HK$739 million, 10% 
higher compared with HK$671 million in 2024. The increase 
was mainly due to increase in provision of expected credit 
losses allowance on trade receivables, subcontracting fees 
and trademark license fee.
FINANCE COSTS
Finance costs in 2025 were HK$10 million, representing a 
decrease of 32% compared with HK$15 million in 2024. The 
reduction was due to a lower average loan balance compared 
with the prior year.
Expanding into overseas markets remains one of the 
Group’s core strategic priorities. We will continue to actively 
engage in major global exhibitions to showcase our latest 
technological achievements across the fields of automotive 
displays and smart cockpits. Concurrently, we will deepen 
strategic partnerships with leading Tier-1 suppliers and 
international automakers, jointly exploring new application 
scenarios through joint R&D, scenario co-creation, prototype 
testing, and platform-based integration. To further 
strengthen overseas customer service capabilities, we plan 
to continuously strengthen our overseas R&D, production, 
and sales capabilities, reinforcing our comprehensive 
competitiveness in global markets.
Regarding strategic alignment with the parent company, the 
synergy between the Group and the BOE Group has further 
deepened. As the BOE Technology Group approaches its 
“Nth Curve” strategic phase in 2026, it is implementing a 
“technology+brand” dual-driver strategy to reinforce its 
industrial ecosystem and global influence. In line with the 
Group’s strategic direction, the Group has successfully 
completed the board renewal, consolidating higher-tier 
strategic resources to propel the enterprise into a new growth 
phase. Moving forward, the Group will continue to serve as 
the BOE Group’s exclusive platform for automotive display 
modules and system businesses, playing a leading role in the 
industrial trend of automotive displays evolving from “displays” 
to “intelligent interactive hubs”.
BUSINESS OUTLOOK
Looking forward, we will reinforce our leading position in 
the automotive display market and actively embrace the 
opportunities presented by emerging technological trend of 
artificial intelligence, and execute our “Dual-Engine Strategy 
of Automotive + Industrial” to capitalise on the robust 
demand for intelligent solutions in the overseas smart cockpit 
market and the diversified industrial applications, and build a 
diversified business growth engine.
FINANCIAL REVIEW
REVENUE
The Group’s revenue was HK$13,957 million, 4% higher 
compared with HK$13,449 million in 2024. The Group’s 
revenue growth was primarily fueled by increased sales 
of our Thin Film Transistor (“TFT”) products, touch panel 
display modules, and automotive system products, driven by 
increased demand of our major customers in China and Europe.
OTHER OPERATING INCOME
Other operating income in 2025 was HK$274 million, 38% 
higher compared with HK$199 million in 2024. The increase 
was mainly attributable to government grants and net gains 
on other financial assets.


===== PAGE 15 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 13
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
At the year end, the Group held cash resources of HK$4,462 
million (31 December 2024: HK$4,122 million) of which 
HK$4,351 million (31 December 2024: HK$3,544 million) 
was in cash and fixed deposits balance, HK$17 million (31 
December 2024: HK$390 million) was in current other 
financial assets (except for listed equity securities), and HK$94 
million (31 December 2024: HK$188 million) was in restricted 
bank deposits. The increase in our overall liquid portfolio 
was attributed to our rigorous efforts in optimizing fund and 
working capital management. Current other financial assets 
decreased during the year, mainly due to the maturity of 
short -t erm investments, with funds allocated to enhance 
liquidity.
At the year end, the Group had bank borrowings balance of 
HK$308 million (31 December 2024: HK$376 million). The 
original currency of the bank borrowings of the Group is in 
Renminbi. Among the bank loan of HK$308 million, HK$245 
million (31 December 2024: HK$170 million) is long-term 
borrowing mainly to facilitate our capital expenditure. The 
Group’s gearing ratio (bank borrowings over net assets) was 
approximately 6.3% as at 31 December 2025 (31 December 
2024: 8.2%). The slight decrease in gearing ratio was primarily 
attributable to the repayment of bank borrowings during the 
year.
CASH FLOWS
Cash inflow from operating activities was mainly generated 
from cash receipts from the Group’s sales. Cash outflows 
were related to raw materials purchases, staff costs, other 
operating expenses and taxation charges. Net cash generated 
from operating activities was HK$798 million for 2025 (2024: 
HK$1,457 million).
The Group’s inventory turnover days (average inventories 
balance over cost of inventories times 365) for the year 
ended 31 December 2025 was 52 days (31 December 2024: 
55 days), mainly due to better stock management. Debtor 
turnover days (average trade receivables over revenue times 
365) for the year ended 31 December 2025 was 62 days (31 
December 2024: 59 days), it was mainly due to increase in 
sales to new customers with long credit term.
Net cash used in investing activities amounted to HK$87 
million (2024: HK$1,783 million). The payments were mainly 
for the purchase of property, plant and equipment, increased 
in the placement of fixed deposits with more than three 
months to maturity when placed and increased in placement 
of other financial assets.
Net cash used in financing activities totaled HK$255 million 
(2024: HK$430 million). The decrease of HK$175 million in net 
cash from financing activities was mainly due to repayment of 
bank loans.
INCOME TAX
Taxation expenses in 2025 were HK$54 million, 162% higher 
compared with HK$21 million in 2024. The increment was 
mainly due to the recognition of previously unrecognised tax 
losses in 2024.
PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO EQUITY 
SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY
The profit attributable to equity shareholders for the year 
ended 31 December 2025 was HK$345.4 million, as compared 
with a profit attributable to equity shareholders of HK$391.3 
million in 2024. The decrease was mainly due to investment 
in staff and other resources for future project development in 
the coming years.
During the financial year 2025 under, the Group invested 
HK$327 million on R&D activities, an increase of 15% 
compared to that of 2024, which represented approximately 
2% of the Group’s revenue. The proportion of R&D expenses 
to revenue remains stable.
FINAL DIVIDEND
The Board (the “Board”) of Directors (the “Director”) has 
recommended a final dividend of 15.3 HK cents (2024: 17.0 
HK cents) per share. The annual dividend payout ratio was 
35% (the amount of final dividend proposed after the end 
of the reporting period over profit attributable to equity 
shareholders of the company) (2024: 34%).
The Board has adopted a dividend policy on 1 January 2019 
(the “Dividend Policy”). Under the Dividend Policy, subject 
to compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations 
and the bye-laws of the Company, the Company intends to 
maintain a stable dividend policy in future with a dividend 
payout ratio of not less than 30%. However, the determination 
to pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of 
the Board of directors (the “Board”) and will be based on the 
profits, cash flows, financial condition, capital requirements 
and other conditions that the Board deems relevant. The 
payment of dividends may be limited by legal restrictions and 
agreements that the Company may enter into in the future.
The Dividend Policy will continue to be reviewed from time 
to time and there can be no assurance that dividends will be 
paid in any particular amount for any given period.
LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES
As at 31 December 2025, the total equity of the Group was 
HK$4,872 million (31 December 2024: HK$4,600 million). The 
Group’s current ratio, being the proportion of total current 
assets against total current liabilities, was 1.40 as at 31 
December 2025 (31 December 2024: 1.41).

===== PAGE 16 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited14
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
FINANCIAL GUARANTEES AND CHARGE ON 
ASSETS
At 31 December 2025, bank borrowings amounted to HK$193 
million (31 December 2024: HK$196 million) is secured 
by certain land, buildings, machinery and equipment of a 
subsidiary of the Group with the carrying amount of HK$761 
million to match its long-term development.
Save as disclosed as above, the Group had no other financial 
guarantees and charge on assets as at 31 December 2025 (31 
December 2024: Nil).
COMMITMENTS
The capital commitments outstanding at 31 December 
2025 not provided in the Group’s financial statements were 
approximately HK$262 million (31 December 2024: HK$204 
million), mainly representing the acquisition cost of plant, 
machinery, tools and equipment not provided for in the 
financial statements. The above will be financed by internal 
resources of the Group and/or external financing.
OTHER INVESTMENTS
As at 31 December 2025, the Group owned a diversified 
investment portfolio, such as equity investments in securities 
related to the automotive industries.
Apart from the above, there are no other material investment. 
The results of the above investments have been properly 
reflected in the financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2025.
CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
As at 31 December 2025, the Company had no material 
contingent liabilities (31 December 2024: Nil).
STAFF
As at 31 December 2025, the Group employed 7,871 staff 
(excluding temporary staff) worldwide, of whom 131 were in 
Hong Kong, 7,571 were in the People’s Republic of China (the 
“PRC”) and 169 were in overseas. The Group remunerates its 
employees (including directors) based on their performance, 
experience and prevailing industry practice. The Group 
operates a share award plan, provides rent-free quarters 
to certain of its employees in Hong Kong and the PRC and 
other fringe benefit to employees. The fringe benefit includes 
maternity leave, paternity leave, paid leave and etc.
The Group adopts a performance-based remuneration policy. 
Salary adjustments and performance bonuses are based on 
the evaluation of job performance. The aim is to create an 
atmosphere that encourages top performers and provides 
incentives for overall employees to improve and excel.
CAPITAL STRUCTURE
The Group’s long-term capital comprises shareholders’ equity 
and debt, which mainly includes the share capital, retained 
profits and bank borrowings. There was no significant change 
as to the composition of capital structure of the Group during 
the period.
As at 31 December 2025, the cash and cash equivalents of the 
Group was HK$3,191 million (31 December 2024: HK$2,700 
million).
The cash and cash equivalents are denominated in:
As at 
31 December 
2025
As at 
31 December 
2024
Original currency HK$ million HK$ million
— RMB 1,224 1,286
— USD 1,935 1,297
— HK$ 13 13
— Other currencies 19 104
   
3,191 2,700
   
FOREIGN CURRENCY AND INTEREST RATE 
EXPOSURE
The Group is exposed to foreign currency risk primarily 
through sales and purchases that are with an original 
currency other than the functional currency of the operations. 
The currencies giving rise to this risk are primarily United 
States dollars, Euros, Japanese Yen and Renminbi.
The Group primarily hedges its foreign currency exposure by 
its operation and is not engaged in the use of any financial 
instruments for hedging purposes. However, the management 
monitors foreign exchange exposure from time to time and 
will consider hedging significant foreign currency exposure 
when the need arises.
As of 31 December 2025, the bank borrowings of the Group 
are subject to floating interest rate amounted to HK$308 
million (as of 31 December 2024: the bank borrowings of the 
Group subject to fixed and floating interest rates amounted 
to HK$30 million and HK$346 million respectively). The 
Group will monitor interest rate movements and consider 
appropriate measures when arranging bank borrowings with 
floating rates.

===== PAGE 17 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 15
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
SUSTAINABILITY
Sustainable development continues to serve as a key pillar of 
the Group’s future growth. The Group places great emphasis 
on environmental protection and green manufacturing, 
consistently advancing targets for carbon reduction, energy 
conservation, water saving, and waste management. In the 
2025 assessment on the EcoVadis corporate sustainability 
evaluation platform, the Group achieved an outstanding 
score of 80 marks, earning the Gold Medal rating and 
ranking in the top 5% of all participating companies 
globally (Inquiry website: https://recognition.ecovadis.com/
uE2VRJB_4EqoDdHRoEnZLg). This recognition highlights 
our sustained efforts and leading practices in the areas of 
environment, labour and human rights, business ethics, and 
sustainable procurement, thereby establishing a strong “green 
passport” for the Group within the international supply chain.
In terms of green manufacturing, the Group has continued 
to promote energy management, low-carbon circular 
practices, and green operations. Our Chengdu automotive 
display base was awarded the titles of “National Green 
Factory” and “Chengdu Near-Zero Carbon Emission Industrial 
Enterprise”, while our Heyuan manufacturing base received 
the designation of “National Green Factory”. Both bases have 
successively obtained authoritative certifications, including 
ISO 14001 Environmental Management System and ISO 
50001 Energy Management System. These recognitions 
affirm the high standards of low-carbon performance across 
plant operations, encompassing spatial planning, industrial 
structure, energy utilisation, technology application, and 
operational management, successfully achieving synergy 
between economic benefits and environmental benefits. 
Regarding green products, the bases have completed 
third-party evaluation of product carbon footprint for 
two automotive display products, integrating low-carbon 
commitments throughout the entire product lifecycle and 
assisting downstream automotive enterprises in delivering 
greater green and low-carbon value to end-users.
In the area of information security, the Group has obtained 
key system certifications, including TISAX AL3, ISO/IEC 
27001, and ISO/SAE 21434. These certifications mark a new 
milestone in the Group’s information security governance, 
providing global customers with more reliable system security 
assurance.
The Group always keeps pace with the times and strive 
to improve human resources efficiency and corporate 
governance capabilities, arrange sufficient human resources, 
provides different training and development programmes to 
attract, motivate and retain talented staff.
STAFF RETIREMENT SCHEMES
In Hong Kong, the Group principally participates in the 
Mandatory Provident Fund (“MPF”) Scheme operated by 
independent trustees. Contribution at a fixed rate of 5% 
of the employee’s relevant income (the “Relevant Income”), 
subject to a cap of monthly Relevant Income of HK$30,000 
per employee, are made to the scheme and are vested 
immediately.
In addition, the Group also operates a Top-Up ORSO scheme, 
approved by the Inland Revenue Department under Section 
87A of the Inland Revenue Ordinance, and both the employer 
and the employee are required to contribute 5% of the excess 
of the Relevant Income to the scheme. It is only eligible for 
employees who joined the Group on or before 30 June 2009.
With effect from 1 December 2019, the Top-Up ORSO scheme 
is ceased and instead, the Top-Up contributions is made to 
the MPF scheme.
The Group has also complied with all relevant laws, 
regulations and local policies in Hong Kong in relation to staff 
retirement matters.
The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries which operate 
in the PRC are required to participate in central pension 
schemes operated by the local municipal government. The 
subsidiaries are required to contribute certain percentage 
of the payroll costs to the central pension schemes. The 
contributions are charged to the profit or loss as they become 
payable in accordance with the rules of the central pension 
schemes.
During the year, the total retirement scheme cost charged 
to the Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss for the year 
ended 31 December 2025 was HK$90 million (31 December 
2024: HK$74 million). Charges to administer the scheme 
are deducted from the employer’s contributions. Forfeited 
contributions are used by the employer to offset against 
future contributions. The utilised amount during the year 
ended 31 December 2025 was HK$Nil (31 December 2024: 
HK$Nil) and at 31 December 2025, the balance available 
to reduce the level of contributions in future amounted to 
HK$Nil (31 December 2024: HK$Nil).
The Group has also implemented retirement schemes for all 
employees of overseas offices in accordance with relevant 
national laws, regulations and local policies.

===== PAGE 18 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited16
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
The Group began incorporating its Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Report into its Annual Report 
from 2014. The ESG Report was prepared for the period from 1 January 2025 to 31 December 2025 and has 
been compiled in accordance with the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Code (the “Code”) 
requirements as set out in Appendix C2 of the Rules Governing (“the Listing Rules”) the Listing of Securities 
on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”). The covered scopes and contents are in 
compliance with the disclosure obligations under the “Comply or Explain” provisions in the Code. During the 
year, the Company participated and kept updating the climate change section in the CDP (Disclosure Insight 
Action). To strengthen our climate-related disclosures, we also consider following the recommendations of the 
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). Unless otherwise stated, the ESG Report covers 
operations in the PRC (including Heyuan and Chengdu) and Hong Kong, which together represent the core 
operations of the Group.
ENVIRONMENTAL,  
SOCIAL AND  
GOVERNANCE  
REPORT


===== PAGE 19 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 17
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
ESG STATEMENT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Board of the Directors of the Company has overall responsibility for the ESG strategy and reporting. The Board considers 
sustainability issues as being an integral part of its overall strategy, and each key sustainability risk and opportunity that has 
been identified is suitably evaluated, tracked, and proactively managed. The Board has been closely overseeing the ESG issues 
and the Group’s initiative to make continuing ongoing improvements and to formulate an effective reporting mechanism. The 
Group formulates performance targets including environmental and social targets, which will be reviewed and followed up by 
the Board. ESG risk management and reporting mechanism takes into consideration operational management and relevant 
stakeholders. Assessment of ESG status and progress are conducted on an ongoing basis.
The Board has authorised the functional departments and ESG risk management team to take charge of the overall supervision 
of ESG management and hold ESG communication meetings no less than twice a year and electronic meetings regularly 
and as necessary. After the final approval by the Board, the report is official release. We are responsible for developing the 
Company’s ESG strategy and regularly reviewing its implementation; identifying and evaluating ESG risks and opportunities, and 
developing response plans; reviewing ESG management policies to ensure that they are consistently implemented and put into 
practice; reviewing ESG plans and goals and periodically reviewing the achievement of ESG goals; reviewing ESG performance, 
and ultimately coordinating, implementing and executing such plans and goals. The Company also reports sustainability-
related policy updates, industrial major news on key sustainability issues, and sustainability-themed case analysis regularly. 
It is committed to improving the skills and abilities of the staff in sustainable development. We convene trainings regularly 
and arranged a training about rules and regulation compliance in 2025 to promoting them to actively fulfil responsibilities in 
sustainable development risk management with an attitude of continuing learning, thereby continuously improving the Group’s 
sustainability-related governance level.
In 2025, the Board focused on reviewing the following key activities and progress:
Corporate 
Governance
While consolidating the operation and management system and adhering to the bottom 
line of compliance, the Group steadily advanced the implementation of its sustainable 
development strategy and regulated and promoted ESG-related activities to improve 
management standards and reduce operational risks.
 
 
  
Products To provide customers with better products using a user-oriented approach, resulting in a 
significant improvement in customer satisfaction.
 
 
  
Climate 
Change 
And Carbon 
Neutrality
The Company undertook the goal of “achieving carbon neutrality by 2050”, and formulated a 
roadmap, phased goals and coping strategies for carbon neutrality.
 
 
  
Undertaking 
Social 
Responsibility
The Company focused on urban revitalization to create social value, and put social 
responsibility into practice.


===== PAGE 20 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited18
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
The evaluation results of the Group’s material issues, its management and practices on the above works and other ESG issues, 
as disclosed in detail in this Report, were reported to the Board in 2025.
Deploy
according to
the Group’s
overall work
Enrich and
deepen ESG
practices
Carry out
comprehensively 
ESG work
Build and
improve ESG
management
system
Sort out the
management
status
Benchmark
ESG
management
standards
Familiar with
ESG-related
policies and
requirements
Clarify the
departments
responsible for
ESG
Implement
comprehensively 
the new ESG
development
concept
Establish
an ESG
management
system and
improve ESG
work
Establish an ESG management system and improve ESG work
1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6Assessment
considers
laws and
regulations,
industry, and
stakeholder
requirements
Substantive assessment
Determine
key work
directions and 
achieve goals 
by the areas 
most
important to
the Company
Set goals
Analyse the
gap between
goals and
current
situation
Gap analysis
Set work
steps, step 
by step
Establish a blueprint
According to
the company
structure,
allocate ESG
work to
various
departments
and integrate
evaluation
indicators
Set performance
Conduct ESG 
training for 
employees 
and suppliers
Staﬀ training
Examples of ESG implementation strategies

===== PAGE 21 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 19
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
The content of the ESG Report has followed the reporting principles in relation to “materiality”, “quantitative”, “consistency” and 
“balance” under the Code, the application of which is as follows:
Reporting Principle Application in the ESG Report
Materiality
We have identified and disclosed in the ESG Report the process of and the criteria for the 
selection of material ESG topics. We have also identified and disclosed significant stakeholders, 
the process and results of their participation in the ESG Report.
 
 
  
Quantitative
We have disclosed the data on the standards, methodologies, assumptions and/or calculation 
tools used to report environmental key performance indicators (KPIs), and the sources of the 
conversion factors used.
 
 
  
Balance The ESG Report reflects both positive and negative ESG information reasonably and objectively.
    
Consistency We use standardized ways and methods to collect and calculate data. We state changes in 
methods or related factors in the ESG Report to allow meaningful comparisons.
All opinions on the ESG Report are highly valued. If there 
is any enquiry or suggestion, please send an email to: 
Investor@boevx.com.
We understand the importance of ESG to the Group and its 
stakeholders in the capital market. It has established and 
gradually improved its ESG governance and management 
mechanisms to promote the integration of ESG into 
the Group’s operations and management. We believe 
this integration will ultimately lead to long-term stable 
environmental, social and corporate values.

===== PAGE 22 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited20
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Guided by carbon peaking and carbon neutrality policies, the automotive industry has become an important area for promoting 
energy conservation and emission reduction. It studies the sustainable development management strategy and set up the 
net-zero emissions by 2050 as the strategic goal, and commenced the research on carbon neutrality roadmap and strategy 
to formulate plans for the path to carbon emission reduction. The Group measured the carbon footprint within the Group’s 
operational control, assessed the feasibility of our emission reduction targets, and developed emission reduction strategies 
which are (among others) the Group’s vigorous promotion of energy conservation and emission reduction: improving the 
carbon emission audit system and product carbon footprint accounting management system; carrying out energy conservation 
and emission reduction projects actively; strengthening the reasonable use of green energy, building plant rooftop photovoltaic 
power generation projects and etc. By 2025, Heyuan plant and Chengdu plant have completed 17 new energy-saving and 
carbon-reduction projects, saving 3,593.64 MWh of electricity and reducing 1,906 tCO 2e of greenhouse gas emissions. We will 
also regularly review the carbon emission reduction pathway and related goals based on changes in environmental trends and 
corporate business development.
Integrate core products
with ESG indicators to
respond to customer
and stakeholders’
requirements and gain
competitive advantage
Reduce energy and
material costs,
lower operating costs
Improve employee
satisfaction, enhance
employee productivity
and talent attraction
Obtain green assets
such as green certiﬁcates
and green carbon
Risk control
Meet customers’
ESG compliance
requirements
Improve ESG ratings
and enhance
corporate image
The value of ESG efforts to the Group

===== PAGE 23 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 21
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
The ESG risk management team consists of top management from operations and finance, and communicates regularly to 
ensure ESG risks are properly managed. The Company has integrated sustainability factors into its daily operations and through 
the sustainable development strategy, goals and action to regularly track and evaluate the progress of targets, and ensure that 
all measures are implemented. We continuously evaluate the possibility and degree of impact of related risks and opportunities, 
incorporate sustainability-related risks into the enterprise risk management system, and ensure the effective operation of the 
Group’s sustainability related risk management and internal control system.
KEY STAKEHOLDER
Shareholders/Investors, regulators, customers,
suppliers, community and employees
FUNCTIONAL DEPARTMENTS
Designing, implementing and monitoring risk
management and internal control systems in
relation to ESG, taking into account the Board’s
ESG priority.
ESG RISK MANAGEMENT TEAM
Monitoring to ensure eﬀective implementation
of ESG strategic plan, and regularly reviewing
stakeholders’ expectation on ESG matters.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Recognising and prioritising stakeholders’ need and expectations in
relation to ESG, and formulating strategic plan accordingly.
ESG Risk Management and Reporting Mechanism

===== PAGE 24 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited22
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
ENGAGING STAKEHOLDERS
The Group communicates regularly with stakeholders through various channels in order to understand their different 
expectations and the possible impacts to them of its sustainable development activities.
Stakeholders Communication channels Channels content
Shareholders/
Investors
 General meetings and notices
 Annual/interim reports, financial statements 
and announcements
 Direct communications
 Corporate website
 Investor briefings
 Business sustainability
 Financial performance
 Corporate transparency
 Corporate social responsibility
 
   
Regulators
 Meetings
 Compliance reporting
 Compliance with laws and 
regulations
 
   
Customers
 Direct communication via frontline staff
 Customer audits and factory visits
 Corporate website
 Quality products and services,  
and delivery arrangements
 Technological developments
 Product responsibility
 Factory and labour conditions
  
  
Suppliers
 Direct communication and meetings
 Site visits and reviews
 Vendor acceptance and management 
processes
 Questionnaire
 Sustainable procurement
 RoHS considerations
 Corporate reputation
 Industry experience and expertise
 
   
Community
 Involvement in and meeting with various 
communities through social services and 
sports activities
 Co operation with local universities and NGOs
 Improvement of community 
environment and culture
 Support for public welfare 
activities
 
   
Employees
 Training and development
 Regular performance appraisals
 Newsletters
 Work-life balance activities
 Policy communication
 Communication with labour union
 Health and safety
 Remuneration and welfare
 Career development
 Integrity and business conduct

===== PAGE 25 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 23
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
MATERIALITY MATRIX
During the year, the Group has evaluated a number of environmental, social and operation related issues, and assessed their 
importance to the Group and its stakeholders. This assessment helps to ensure the Group’s business development is in line 
with the expectations and requirements of its stakeholders. The materiality assessment result is shown below:
MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT
The issues that matter most to the Group’s business and its stakeholders are identified and presented in the materiality matrix 
above which is the risks and opportunities they present to the Group. Whilst higher priority is given to these areas, other ESG 
aspects are also monitored on an ongoing basis and are included in the ESG report to enhance corporate transparency.
GOVERNANCE
RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
The Group places a high priority on risk management and internal 
controls, and has established a comprehensive risk governance 
framework based on the “Three Lines Model.” This 
framework is overseen and guided by the Board and the 
Audit Committee to ensure the system’s effectiveness 
and ongoing optimization.
Board
Audit Committee
Third Line — Internal Audit
Second Line — Risk Management Function
First Line — Business Units
Issues of general
Compensation and dismissal
 
Equal opportunity
 
Anti-discrimination
 
Preventing child and forced 
labour
 
Community investment
 
Resources contributed
 
Non-hazardous wastes 
produced
 
Consumer data protection 
and privacy policies
Issues of moderate importance
Diversity
 
Development and training
 
Hazardous wastes produced
 
Anti-corruption
 
Product responsibility
 
Intellectual property rights
 
Whistle-blowing procedures
Issues of high importance
Recruitment and promotion
 
Benefits and welfare
 
Health and safety
 
Air emissions
 
Greenhouse gas emissions
 
Use of resources (electricity 
and water consumption)
 
Environment and natural 
resources
 
Climate change
 
Quality assurance
 
Supply chain management
Social Environmental Operation

===== PAGE 26 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited24
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
To strengthen oversight, the Group has established an 
independent whistleblowing mechanism that enables 
employees and stakeholders to anonymously report any 
suspected instances of corruption or non-compliant behavior. 
This mechanism is designed to protect the identity and rights 
of whistleblowers while ensuring that all allegations undergo 
thorough, impartial, and independent investigations. The 
Group firmly believes that its unwavering commitment to anti-
corruption not only fosters long-term trust with stakeholders 
but also reinforces its reputation as a responsible corporate 
citizen and supports the robust development of the overall 
environmental, social, and governance framework.
CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
The Group adopts a rigorous and prudent approach to all 
connected party transactions, ensuring compliance with the 
relevant requirements of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s 
Listing Rules. All connected party transactions are subject 
to stringent review procedures, including independent 
assessments of the fairness and reasonableness of the 
transaction terms, and are conducted in the ordinary course 
of business on normal commercial terms or terms no 
less favorable. The Group strictly adheres to all applicable 
provisions under the Listing Rules, including timely and 
transparent disclosure of transaction details, and/or obtaining 
independent shareholder approval where necessary, to 
uphold the transparency of corporate governance and 
safeguard stakeholder interests.
To protect the overall interests of shareholders, the Group 
implements comprehensive internal control mechanisms, 
including regular audits of transaction execution to assess 
compliance with agreed terms, and ongoing monitoring of 
actual transaction amounts to ensure they do not exceed 
annual caps. Through this stringent framework for managing 
connected party transactions, the Group demonstrates its 
firm commitment to ethical conduct and sound corporate 
governance, thereby enhancing the sustainability of the 
overall governance structure.
The Board is responsible for supervising the overall framework 
of the Group’s risk management and internal control system, 
including the formulation of appropriate policies and 
strategies, and ensuring that the system undergoes regular 
reviews and assessments. The Audit Committee manages the 
relevant responsibilities and regularly reports progress and 
findings to the Board. The Group has established an Internal 
Audit Department and a Risk Management Committee, which 
are dedicated to identifying, assessing, and mitigating risks 
across various domains, including financial, operational, and 
compliance risks.
As the first line of defense, individual business units serve 
as risk owners, responsible for the day-to-day identification, 
assessment, monitoring, and reporting of their operational 
risks, as well as developing corresponding control measures 
and mitigation strategies. The second line of defense 
comprises professional functional departments (such 
as finance and legal departments), which provide risk 
management support, guidance, and oversight to the first line. 
The third line of defense is independently operated by the 
Internal Audit Department, which conducts regular audits to 
offer objective assurance and recommendations, ensuring the 
effectiveness and appropriateness of the risk management 
and internal control system. This, in turn, supports the 
Group in achieving its strategic objectives while promoting 
continuous improvement and corporate resilience.
GOVERNANCE
The Group is committed to maintaining the highest standards 
of integrity and ethical conduct across all business activities, 
adopting a zero-tolerance stance towards any form of 
corruption, and proactively implementing preventive and 
investigative measures to safeguard the transparency and 
sustainability of corporate governance.
The Group strictly adheres to the laws and regulations 
of Hong Kong, the People’s Republic of China, and other 
jurisdictions where we conduct business. The Group has 
formulated and implemented internal guidelines such as 
the “Code of Conduct” and “Anti-Corruption Policy,” which 
cover specific requirements related to anti-bribery, anti-
corruption, conflicts of interest, and ethical behavior. These 
policies are subject to regular review and updates to adapt 
to changes in the external environment and ensure their 
ongoing effectiveness in preventing corruption. Furthermore, 
the Group provides training to employees on a periodic basis 
to reinforce awareness of these policies and the importance 
of ethical conduct, thereby enhancing overall compliance 
consciousness.

===== PAGE 27 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 25
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
ANNUAL ESG FOCUS
Sino-Securities Index Information 
Service (Shanghai) Co. Ltd
Heyuan Plant
 2025 Guangdong Province 
Green Factory
 2025 National Ministry of 
Industry and Information 
Technology Green Factory
 Chengdu Safety Production 
Standardization Level 3 
Enterprise
 2025 Chengdu Level II Clean 
Production Audit Enterprises
 2025 National Ministry of 
Industry and Information 
Technology Green Factory
 2025 Chengdu Environmental 
Credit Integrity Unit (A)
 2025 Near-zero carbon 
emission industrial 
enterprises in Chengdu
 Sichuan Province 
Occupational Health 
Management Class A 
Enterprise
Chengdu Plant
The “Best New Quality 
Productivity Listed Company” 
at the 2025 Global Business 
Forum and the “Golden Kunpeng” 
China Financial Value Ranking 
event organized by Hong Kong 
Commercial Daily.
01
 02
 03
Award
EcoVadis
Gold Certiﬁcation
CES Global 
launch 
HERO 2.0 
Smart Cockpit
2 plants were 
awarded the title 
of National Green 
Factory 
Key Events
Social recognition and honor


===== PAGE 28 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited26
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
ENVIRONMENT SUSTAINABILITY
As a manufacturing company, the Board deeply understands 
the importance of environmental protection and regards 
“environmental sustainability” as a core pillar of the 
Company’s sustainable development strategy. In 2025, BOEVx 
established the safety working committee to specifically 
oversee environmental management.
We strictly abide by laws, regulations, and related 
requirements, and have formulated an environmental policy 
of “compliance with laws and regulations, process control, 
full participation, and continuous improvement”. Following 
the Plan-Do-Check-Action cycle improvement principle, we 
have established and effectively operate an Environmental 
Management System (EMS), a Hazardous Substance Process 
Management System (HSPM), an Energy Management 
System (EnMS), and a Greenhouse Gas Management System 
(GHGMS). We actively engage in environmental protection 
and greenhouse gas emission reduction to achieve our 
environmental sustainability goals. Our operational production 
sites (Heyuan plant and Chengdu plant) have all passed 
certification by independent third parties for ISO 14001:2015 
Environmental Management System, QC080000 Hazardous 
Substance Process Management System, and ISO 50001:2018 
Energy Management System. We have also conducted ISO 
14064:2018 greenhouse gas emission verification and ISO 
14067:2018 product carbon footprint assessment. For 
production plants that are under construction or have just 
been completed, we will also complete the environmental 
management system certification at an appropriate time.
For details regarding carbon emission management and 
product carbon footprint management, please refer to 
the relevant sections of the report under “Climate-related 
Disclosures”.
 ENVIRONMENTAL HONORS
During the reporting period, we invested approximately 
HK$7,700,000 (excluding labor costs) in environmental 
protection to further improve our environmental 
performance, effectively ensure the achievement of our 
phased environmental protection goals, and have received 
numerous authoritative recognitions and honors.
Heyuan plant  2025 Guangdong Province Green Factory
 2025 National Ministry of Industry and Information Technology Green Factory
  
Chengdu plant  2025 Chengdu Level II Clean Production Audit Enterprises 
 2025 National Ministry of Industry and Information Technology Green Factory
 2025 Chengdu Environmental Credit Integrity Unit (A)
 2025 Near-zero Carbon Emission Industrial Enterprises in Chengdu

===== PAGE 29 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 27
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
 EMISSION MANAGEMENT
The Board attaches great importance to environmental 
pollution prevention and waste management, authorizing the 
Company’s safety working committee to strictly implement 
relevant national laws and regulations. This involves managing 
environmental pollutants and waste throughout their 
entire lifecycle through measures such as pollutant source 
reduction, program control, and end-of-pipe treatment, 
adhering strictly to compliance standards, and committing to 
zero waste discharge and resource recycling.
WASTE GAS MANAGEMENT
Our waste gas emissions mainly originate from production 
processes and the plant’s canteen. We strictly adhere to legal 
and regulatory requirements and the Company’s “Air Pollution 
Prevention and Control Management System” in constructing 
and operating waste gas collection and purification facilities, 
discharging air pollutants at concentrations and rates far 
below emission limits, striving to minimize the impact on air 
quality.
We commissioned professional organizations of independent third parties to monitor air pollutant emissions regularly and 
are subject to government supervision and monitoring at any time. During the reporting period, the pass rate of exhaust gas 
monitoring was 100%.
HYN1 waste gas collection and purification facilities in Heyuan plant
Workshop waste gas collection and purification facilities in 
Chengdu plant
HYN2 waste gas collection and purification facilities in Heyuan plant
Hazardous waste facilities for waste gas collection and purification in 
Chengdu plant

===== PAGE 30 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited28
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Monitoring of air pollutant emissions from the production base
Plant
Waste gas 
category
Main 
pollutants Pollution source Emission standard
Monitoring 
frequency Pass rate
Heyuan
Neutralization 
tower waste gas
Hydrogen 
chloride, 
particulates, etc.
Etching, welding
Guangdong Province, Emissions 
Limits of Air Pollutants (DB 
44/27-2001)
Quarterly 100%
   w   
Organic waste 
gas
Non-
methane total 
hydrocarbon
Cleaning Quarterly 100%
     
Canteen smoke 
and exhaust
NOx, SO2, 
Particulates
Cooking (Bio-
ethanol oil 
combustion)
Annually 100%
            
Cooking oil fume Fumes Cooking fumes Emission Standard for Fume 
from Catering Industry (Trial) 
(GB18483-2001)
Annually 100%
 
  
          
Chengdu
Organic waste 
gas from module 
workshop
Non-methane 
total 
hydrocarbon
Cleaning, 
dispensing
Sichuan Emission Control 
Standard for Volatile Organic 
Compounds (DB51/2377-2017)
Monthly 100%
     
Organic waste 
gas from 
hazardous waste 
facilities
Non-methane 
total
hydrocarbon
Potential 
volatilization of 
organic chemical 
contaminants
Annually 100%
            
Boiler waste gas NOx, SO2, 
Particulates, CO, 
etc.
Gas boiler Emission Standard of Air 
Pollutants for Boilers in 
Chengdu (DB51/2672-2020)
Annually /
            
Cooking oil fume Fumes Cooking fumes Emission Standard for Fume 
from Catering Industry (Trial) 
(GB18483-2001)
Quarterly 100%
            
Unorganized 
waste gas at the 
plant boundary
Non-methane 
total
hydrocarbon, 
particulates
Workshop 
ventilation
Sichuan Emission Control 
Standard for Volatile Organic 
Compounds (DB51/2377-2017), 
Integrated Emission Standard 
for Air Pollutants (GB 16297-
1996)
Quarterly 100%
Note:
1. In 2025, Chengdu plant underwent a standardized upgrade and renovation of its hazardous waste facilities, adding organic waste gas collection and 
treatment facilities. The unorganized emissions of waste gas from the hazardous waste facilities have been transformed into organized emissions. 
According to expert calculations, this improvement can reduce volatile organic compound (VOCs) emissions by 0.1365 tonnes annually, thus protecting 
the environment.
2. Chengdu plant has completely replaced its gas-fired hot water boiler for heating with waste heat recovery. The boiler was discontinued in the winter of 
2024, and no longer emits boiler waste gas, so there is no need to monitor the boiler waste gas from now on.

===== PAGE 31 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 29
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
By adopting environmentally friendly raw materials and advanced production processes, we reduce the generation of air 
pollutants at the source. We also utilize advanced environmental protection equipment and facilities to collect and purify 
pollutants, ensuring that the collection efficiency, emission concentration, and emission rate of air pollutants meet legal 
requirements, thereby minimizing the impact on air quality. We strive to reduce air pollutant emissions per unit of production 
volume by 3% by 2028 compared to 2025.
During the reporting period, total air pollutant emissions from the production base increased by 4%, mainly due to the 
expansion of production scale; air pollutant emissions per unit of production volume decreased by approximately 11%. Details 
are shown in the table below:
Key performance indicators for air pollutant emission from the production base
Plant Performance Indicators Unit 2024 2025
Year-on-Year 
Comparison
Heyuan
SO2 emissions1 Kg 2.51 3.78 +50.6%
     
SO2 emissions per RMB1,000 million of production 
volume2
Kg 0.46 0.69 +50.0%
     
NOx emissions Kg 20.16 10.07 –50.0%
     
NOx emissions per RMB1,000 million of production 
volume
Kg 3.68 1.83 –50.3%
     
Non-methane total hydrocarbon (NMHC) 
emissions
Kg 1,230.97 2,690.88 +118.6%
     
Non-methane total hydrocarbon emissions per 
RMB1,000 million of production volume
Kg 224.69 490.20 +118.2%
     
Particulates emissions 1 Kg 2,863.95 1,093.46 –61.8%
     
Particulates emissions per RMB1,000 million of 
production volume
Kg 522.77 199.20 –61.9%
     
HCI emissions Kg 127.95 401.66 +213.9%
     
HCI emissions per RMB1,000 million of production 
volume
Kg 23.36 73.17 +213.2%
     
Cooking oil fume Kg 11.70 9.54 –18.5%
     
Cooking oil fume emissions per RMB1,000 million 
of production volume
Kg 2.14 1.74 –18.7%
 
 
    

===== PAGE 32 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited30
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Plant Performance Indicators Unit 2024 2025
Year-on-Year 
Comparison
Chengdu
SO2 emissions Kg 0.30 0 –100%
     
SO2 emissions per RMB1,000 million of production 
volume
Kg 0.07 0 –100%
     
NOx emissions Kg 4.50 0 –100%
     
NOx emissions per RMB1,000 million of production 
volume
Kg 1.08 0 –100%
     
Non-methane total hydrocarbon (NMHC) 
emissions
Kg 504.80 777.44 +54.0%
     
Non-methane total hydrocarbon emissions per 
RMB1,000 million of production volume
Kg 121.67 134.57 +10.6%
     
Particulates emissions Kg 0.50 0 –100%
     
Particulates emissions per RMB1,000 million of 
production volume
Kg 0.12 0 –100%
     
HCI emissions Kg 0 0 No etching
     
HCI emissions per RMB1,000 million of production 
volume
Kg 0 0 /
     
Cooking oil fume Kg 22.20 13.83 –37.7%
     
Cooking oil fume emissions per RMB1,000 million 
of production volume
Kg 5.35 2.39 –55.3%
 
 
    
Total
Total air pollutant emissions Kg 4,789.54 5,000.66 +4.4%
     
Air pollutant emissions per RMB1,000 million of 
production volume
Kg 497.49 443.85 –10.8%
     
Air pollutant emissions per HK$1,000 million of 
revenue
Kg 356.14 358.29 +0.61%
     
SO2 emissions per HK$1,000 million of revenue Kg 0.21 0.27 +28.57%
     
NOx emissions per HK$1,000 million of revenue Kg 1.83 0.72 –60.66%
     
Non-methane total hydrocarbon emissions per 
HK$1,000 million of revenue
Kg 129.07 248.50 +92.53%
     
Particulates emissions per HK$1,000 million of 
revenue
Kg 212.99 78.34 –63.22%
     
HCI emissions per HK$1,000 million of revenue Kg 9.51 28.78 +202.63%
     
Cooking oil fume emissions per HK$1,000 million 
of revenue
Kg 2.52 1.67 –33.73%
Note:
1. The data for SO2 and particulates at Heyuan plant in 2024 differs from previous years’ reports because the test results were below the detection limit. 
This report uniformly calculates the concentration based on 50% of the detection limit.
2. The production volume used in the calculation of air pollution emission intensity in the tables comes from the “Table B204-1: Total Industrial Sales 
Value and Output of Key Products” for each plant, and uses the total industrial production volume.

===== PAGE 33 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 31
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
WASTEWATER MANAGEMENT
Our wastewater mainly consists of domestic sewage and 
industrial wastewater. We strictly follow the requirements 
of laws and regulations and the Company’s “Water Pollution 
Prevention and Control Management System” in the 
construction and operation of wastewater collection and 
purification facilities. The plant area implements rainwater 
and sewage separation, comprehensive utilization, and 
discharge in compliance with standards.
Heyuan plant is engaged in the processing of display devices, 
and the wastewater composition is relatively complex. It 
is equipped with complete wastewater treatment facilities 
and adopts mature wastewater treatment technology to 
scientifically treat domestic sewage and industrial wastewater. 
Wastewater monitoring is conducted using a combination of 
online monitoring instruments and outsourced monitoring. 
Wastewater discharge fully complies with Guangdong 
provincial local standard “Discharge Limits of Water Pollutants” 
(DB 44/26-2001).
 Contact
oxidation tank
Hydrolysis
acidiﬁcation tank
Pre-aeration
tank
Adjusting
tank
Collection
tank
Settling
tankClear tankMonitoring
and metering tank
Municipal wastewater 
treatment plant
Emissions meeting standard
Industrial wastewater
Domestic sewage
Sludge 
dewatering
Sludge
Clean 
water

===== PAGE 34 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited32
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
The industrial wastewater from Chengdu plant mainly consists of LCD panel grinding and cleaning wastewater and cooling 
tower wastewater. Its composition is simple, eliminating the need for a wastewater treatment plant. Most of the wastewater 
is recycled, with only a small portion discharged into municipal sewage pipes. Domestic sewage is treated in septic tanks 
and grease traps before being discharged into the municipal sewage pipes for further treatment at the community sewage 
treatment plant. Wastewater discharge from Chengdu plant complies with the discharge standards stipulated in Table 1 of the 
“Discharge Standard of Water Pollutants for Electronic Industry” (GB 39731-2020) and Table 4 of the “Integrated Wastewater 
Discharge Standard” (GB 8978-1996).
Wastewater
Domestic sewage
Clean water
RO
concentrate
Grinding
and cleaning
wastewater
Pure water
Staﬀ
canteen
Circulating 
cooling tower
Air
compressor
Air conditioning
unit
Condensate
recovery
facility
Recycled 
water tank
Toilet
ﬂushing
Production
workshop
water unit
Pure water
preparation
system
Wastewater
recycling 
and puriﬁcation
system
Partial
wastewater
Domestic sewage
Condensate
Condensate
Domestic sewage 
pretreatment system
Community sewage 
treatment plant

===== PAGE 35 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 33
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
As shown in the diagram above, we reduce wastewater 
discharge by recycling and reusing cooling tower wastewater, 
RO concentrate, and grinding and cleaning wastewater. We 
aim to reduce wastewater discharge per unit of industrial 
production volume at our production base by 3% by 2028 
compared to 2025.
During the reporting period, the total wastewater discharge 
from the production base was 653,268 tonnes, a decrease of 
approximately 13% year-on-year; the wastewater discharge 
intensity per unit of production volume decreased by 
approximately 25.6%; the wastewater reuse volume was 
258,746 tonnes, an increase of approximately 28% year-on-
year; the wastewater reuse rate increased from 21.2% in 2024 
to 28.4%; and the wastewater monitoring pass rate was 100%, 
achieving the target. See the table below for details:
Key performance indicators for wastewater discharge from the production base
Plant Performance Indicators Unit 2024 2025
Year-on-Year 
Comparison
Heyuan
Total Wastewater Discharge Tonne 626,808 510,816 –18.51%
     
Wastewater Reuse Tonne 48,452 47,502 –1.96%
     
Wastewater Reuse Rate % 7.18% 8.51% +18.52%
     
Wastewater discharge per RMB1,000 million of 
production volume
Tonne 114,414 93,055 –18.67%
     
NH3-N emissions Tonne 0.4914 0.0716 –85.43%
     
NH3-N emissions per RMB1,000 million of 
production volume
Tonne 0.0897 0.0139 –84.50%
     
Chemical Oxygen Demand (CODcr) emissions Tonne 4.39 5.11 +16.40%
     
CODcr emissions per RMB1,000 million of 
production volume
Tonne 0.8013 0.9306 +16.14%
     
Total phosphorus (TP) emissions Tonne 0.2319 0.0153 –93.40%
     
TP emissions per RMB1,000 million of production 
volume
Tonne 0.0423 0.0028 –93.38%
 
 
    

===== PAGE 36 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited34
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Plant Performance Indicators Unit 2024 2025
Year-on-Year 
Comparison
Chengdu
Total Wastewater Discharge Tonne 123,941 142,452 +14.94%
     
Wastewater Reuse Tonne 153,988 211,244 +37.18%
     
Wastewater Reuse Rate % 55.4% 59.7% +7.76%
     
Wastewater discharge per RMB1,000 million of 
production volume
Tonne 29,873 24,658 –17.46%
     
NH3-N emissions Tonne 3.45 4.2 +21.74%
     
NH3-N emissions per RMB1,000 million of 
production volume
Tonne 0.8315 0.7270 –12.57%
     
Chemical Oxygen Demand (CODcr) emissions Tonne 27.53 35.63 +29.42%
     
CODcr emissions per RMB1,000 million of 
production volume
Tonne 6.6354 6.1673 –7.05%
     
Total phosphorus (TP) emissions Tonne 0.4119 0.6083 +47.68%
     
TP emissions per RMB1,000 million of production 
volume
Tonne 0.0993 0.1053 +6.04%
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total
Total Wastewater Discharge Tonne 750,749 653,268 –12.98%
     
Wastewater Reuse Tonne 202,440 258,746 +27.81%
     
Wastewater Reuse Rate % 21.2% 28.4% +33.96%
     
Wastewater discharge per RMB1,000 million of 
production volume
Tonne 77,981 57,983 –25.64%
     
NH3-N emissions Tonne 3.9414 4.2761 +8.49%
     
NH3-N emissions per RMB1,000 million of 
production volume
Tonne 0.4094 0.3795 –7.30%
     
Chemical Oxygen Demand (CODcr) emissions Tonne 31.92 40.74 +27.63%
     
CODcr emissions per RMB1,000 million of 
production volume
Tonne 3.3155 3.6158 +9.06%
     
Total phosphorus (TP) emissions Tonne 0.6438 0.6236 –3.14%
     
TP emissions per RMB1,000 million of production 
volume
Tonne 0.0669 0.0553 –17.34%
     
Wastewater discharge per HK$1,000 million of 
revenue
Tonne 55,824 46,806 –16.15%
     
NH3-N emissions per HK$1,000 million of revenue Tonne 0.2931 0.3061 +4.44%
     
CODcr emissions per HK$1,000 million of revenue Tonne 2.3735 2.9190 +22.98%
     
TP emissions per HK$1,000 million of revenue Tonne 0.0479 0.0447 –6.68%

===== PAGE 37 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 35
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
SOLID WASTE
The plant operation generates both hazardous and non-hazardous waste. We strictly adhere to legal and regulatory 
requirements and the Company’s “Solid Waste Management System” and “Scrap Management System” in our solid waste 
management. We have constructed standardized waste collection and storage facilities, configured professional positions 
and established a comprehensive system for waste classification, collection, storage, transfer, and disposal, ensuring the 
achievement of reduction, resource recovery, and harmless treatment goals.
Non-hazardous waste resource recycling warehouse
Hazardous waste storage warehouse

===== PAGE 38 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited36
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Measurement list of the treatment and reduction of non-hazardous solid waste
Category Main Source Treatment Method Waste Reduction Measures
Waste cardboard box Raw material packaging Comprehensive utilization Reuse cardboard box
    
Waste wooden pallet Raw material packaging Comprehensive utilization Reuse wooden pallet
    
Waste tray Raw material packaging Comprehensive utilization Reuse tray
    
Waste foam Raw material packaging Comprehensive utilization Reuse foam box
    
Waste LCD panel Scrap material Comprehensive utilization Improve product qualification 
rate and reduce scrap
    
Waste glass Scrap material, scraps Comprehensive utilization Improve product qualification 
rate and cutting efficiency
    
Waste backlight Scrap material Comprehensive utilization Improve product qualification 
rate and reduce scrap
    
Waste metal frame Scrap material Comprehensive utilization Improve product qualification 
rate and reduce scrap
    
Industrial sludge Wastewater treatment Comprehensive utilization /
    
Other waste Packaging, etc. Comprehensive utilization /
1) Hazardous Waste
We categorized collect, store, and transfer hazardous waste in accordance with the requirements of the “National Hazardous 
Waste List”, the “Standards for Pollution Control of Hazardous Waste Storage”, and the “Regulations on the Management of 
Hazardous Waste Transfer”, ensuring the legality and compliance of the entire hazardous waste management process. All of 
our hazardous waste is disposed of (hazardous chemical contaminants, packaging containers, waste adhesives) or utilized 
(PCB, FPC, and other electronic hazardous waste, and spent activated carbon) by units with hazardous waste management 
qualifications. Furthermore, we regularly conduct environmental, occupational health, and safety (EHS) audits of the disposal 
units.
 Hazardous waste resource utilization case
Chengdu plant handed over the spent activated carbon 
from the replacement of waste gas treatment facilities to a 
qualified hazardous waste management unit for activation 
and regeneration treatment. The activated carbon adsorption 
capacity recovery rate is ≥95%, and the activated carbon 
strength is ≥85%, meeting the technical standards for reuse 
and realizing the recycling of hazardous waste.
2) Non-haza rdous Waste
Our non-hazardous waste mainly consists of packaging waste 
and scrapped products, which are renewable resources. All of 
these are entrusted to legally compliant recycling companies 
for resource recovery and reuse. The sludge generated from 
wastewater treatment is incinerated and then used as building 
materials. During the reporting period, our comprehensive 
utilization rate of non-hazardous waste was 100%.
Set up classified collection containers at hazard generation  
points and strictly classify and dispose of waste accordingly.
Construct standardized hazardous waste storage facilities,  
store waste in designated areas according to category.
Entrust legal and compliant units to transfer and  
dispose of hazardous waste.
We rigorously select partners, conduct on-site assessments of potential 
partners, and regularly review the actual disposal of hazardous waste.
Classification
Storage
Disposal
Assessment

===== PAGE 39 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 37
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
3) Key Performance Indicators for Waste Managemen t
During the reporting period, our total industrial waste generated was 2,944.11 tonnes, an increase of 26.37% year-on-year, 
mainly due to increased production and larger product sizes; waste generation intensity increased by approximately 8% year-
on-year, primarily due to larger product sizes leading to larger packaging for various raw materials; hazardous waste generated 
was 195.02 tonnes, an increase of 4.42% year-on-year; non-hazardous waste generated was 2,749.09 tonnes, an increase of 
28.28% year-on-year; and waste comprehensive utilization was 2,779.80 tonnes, with a comprehensive utilization rate of 94.5%.
Key performance indicators for waste management from the production base
Performance indicators Unit 2024 2025
Year-on-Year 
comparison
Total industrial waste generated (non-hazardous + hazardous) Tonne 2,329.81 2,944.11 +26.37%
     
Waste generated per RMB1,000 million of production volume Tonne 242.00 261.31 +7.98%
     
Waste generated per HK$1,000 million of revenue Tonne 173.24 210.94 +21.76%
     
Hazardous waste generated Tonne 186.77 195.02 +4.42%
     
Hazardous waste generated per RMB1,000 million of production volume Tonne 19.40 17.31 –10.77%
     
Hazardous waste generated per HK$1,000 million of revenue Tonne 13.89 13.97 +0.58%
     
Non-hazardous waste generated Tonne 2,143.04 2,749.09 +28.28%
     
Non-hazardous waste generated per RMB1,000 million of production 
volume
Tonne 222.60 244.00 +9.61%
     
Non-hazardous waste generated per HK$1,000 million of revenue Tonne 159.35 196.97 +23.61%
     
Total waste utilization and disposal volume Tonne 2,352.33 2,941.33 +25.04%
     
— Landfill disposal: Tonne 0 0 /
     
 — Incineration (with energy recovery) Tonne 181.06 158.50 –12.46%
     
 — Incineration (without energy recovery) Tonne 0 0 /
     
 — Other disposal methods Tonne 0.654 3.055 +367.13%
     
Total amount of waste comprehensive utilization Tonne 2,170.61 2,779.80 +28.07%
     
Waste comprehensive utilization rate % 92.8% 94.5% +1.83%
To conserve resources and reduce waste, we implemented 
a packaging material recycling program. In 2025, we reused 
2,844 wooden pallets (approximately 67 tonnes), encouraged 
material suppliers to recycle 2.14 million trays (approximately 
397 tonnes), and 16,448 EPS foam boxes (approximately 
49.34 tonnes), collaborating with customers, 3,000 plastic 
pallets (22.5 tonnes) were recycled, avoiding non-hazardous 
waste by approximately 536 tonnes.
Regarding the targets disclosed in previous years, the waste 
generation intensity (waste generated per unit of production 
volume) at Chengdu plant decreased by 26.7% compared 
to the baseline year (2024), achieving the target. The waste 
generation intensity (waste generated per unit of production 
volume) at Heyuan plant remained basically flat compared 
to the baseline year (2018), not achieve the reduction target. 
This was mainly because the impact of product changes was 
not fully anticipated when the target was set; we have re-
evaluated future targets. We strive to reduce the amount 
of solid waste generated per unit of industrial production 
volume in our production base by 3% by 2028 compared to 
2025.

===== PAGE 40 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited38
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
 ENVIRONMENTAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT
Since the risks of sudden environmental incidents are unavoidable, we have established an environmental emergency 
management system, which is also an important component of our comprehensive emergency response system. To enhance 
the Company’s ability to prevent and handle sudden environmental incidents, establish a rapid, scientific, and effective 
emergency mechanism for organizing incident rescue and relief in emergency situations, control the spread of incidents, reduce 
environmental harm, and protect public health and environmental safety. Base on the Company’s actual situation and the 
relevant regulations and requirements of national and local governments, we have conducted environmental risk assessments 
and emergency resource surveys, compiled an “Emergency Response Plan for Sudden Environmental Incidents” which is filed to 
the local government, and formed a comprehensive environmental emergency management system.
Schematic diagram of environmental emergency response plan
Each production base conducts at least two emergency drills 
for sudden environmental incidents annually. Furthermore, 
we regularly conduct environmental pollution hazard 
investigations and remediation to promptly identify and 
eliminate potential environmental accidents, preventing them 
before they occur.
 USE OF RESOURCES
Water, energy, and materials are essential resources for our 
production and operations. We attach great importance 
to resource management and regard the efficient use of 
resources as a key issue in implementing our sustainable 
development strategy. Through systematic management 
methods and the application of innovative technologies, we 
continuously improve resource utilization efficiency to reduce 
resource usage costs and potential operational risks.
Enterprise emergency 
response plan for 
sudden safety incidents
Enterprise emergency 
response plan for 
sudden environmental 
incidents
Local government 
environmental 
protection authorities and 
related departments
Local government 
environmental 
emergency response plan
Activation Emergency response
Information
reporting Reinforcement

===== PAGE 41 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 39
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
 WATER RESOURCES MANAGEMENT
Our production facilities and offices use fresh water sourced 
from the municipal water supply system, and we possess all 
necessary legal water usage permits. We have established 
and improved our management system, managing water 
resources from three dimensions: risk management, water 
conservation, and water pollution prevention. For information 
on water pollution prevention, please see the “Wastewater 
Management” section of the report.
1) Water resource risk ma nagement
Production and operations consume significant amounts of 
water. Using the Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas developed by 
the World Resources Institute (WRI), we assessed the annual 
water risks at our two core operating sites, including the 
quantity and quality of physical risks (water quality impact), as 
well as regulatory and reputational risks.
During the reporting period, Heyuan plant (Guangdong) was 
located in a medium-risk water resource area, while our plant 
in Chengdu plant (Sichuan) was located in a high-risk area. 
Water intake from high-risk areas accounted for 15.44% of 
our total water intake. The Sichuan Provincial Government 
launched the “Divert water from the Dadu River to the Min 
River” large-scale water conservancy project in November 
2025, which will effectively alleviate water shortages in 
Chengdu and significantly reduce the water resource risk at 
Chengdu plant.
119.05
18.06 21.41
117.26
0
20
40
60
80
100
120
140
160
2024 2025
High risk
Low risk
Water intake in different risk areas (10,000 tonnes)

===== PAGE 42 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited40
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
To mitigate the potential impact of water resource risks on the Company’s operations, we have implemented effective 
countermeasures:
Overall water risk assessment results and corresponding countermeasures for the production base
Risk Risk description Risk level Countermeasures
Water 
shortages
Insufficient total water resources or 
uneven distribution lead to water 
supply failing to meet demand.
medium 1. Adopt water-saving appliances and 
processes;
2. Recycle wastewater, air conditioning and air 
compressor condensate to replace some 
fresh water;
3. Construct rainwater harvesting and 
utilization facilities.
    
Water 
pollution
Improper wastewater collection and 
treatment can cause water pollution, 
resulting in the functionality lost or 
impaired.
medium 1. The plant implements a rainwater and 
sewage separation system, classifying 
wastewater at the source and treating it 
to meet standards before discharging it to 
the municipal sewage treatment plant for 
further deep treatment;
2. Cleaner production processes are adopted 
to reduce the emission of toxic and harmful 
substances;
3. Wastewater is recycled to reduce external 
discharge;
4. The plant is equipped with secondary leak-
proof trenches and emergency fire-fighting 
wastewater pools in areas such as chemical 
storage and hazardous waste facilities 
to cope with the risk of potential sudden 
environmental pollution incidents.
    
Water usage 
conflicts
Due to the limited water resources, 
production and business activities may 
lead to disputes with the community 
regarding water access.
medium
1. Strictly implement the water use plan 
approved by the local government and 
promptly communicate any abnormal 
situations;
2. Actively communicate water usage 
information with the community.
    
Water price 
rise
Due to water scarcity and rising water 
prices, the water cost has increased, 
impacting product costs and market 
competitiveness.
low Strictly implement water-saving measures and 
adhere to rational water use.

===== PAGE 43 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 41
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
2) Water saving practices
We take “recycling and reuse, cost reduction and efficiency improvement, green production, water conservation and pollution 
reduction” as our water resource management policy and have established and implemented the “Water Conservation 
Management System”. We have not only built an advanced and efficient water treatment system and adopted water-
saving appliances, but also built a complete wastewater and condensate recycling system to replace fresh tap water with 
unconventional water resources. In the past two years, we have saved a total of 480,000 tonnes of water, with an average daily 
water saving of 658 tonnes.
Pure water preparation system

===== PAGE 44 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited42
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
During the reporting period, the industrial water reuse rate at our production base reached 98%, maintaining an advanced level 
of water resource utilization efficiency in the industry; the industrial wastewater reuse rate was 28%, and the unconventional 
water resource utilization rate was 16%, as detailed below:
Water resource utilization at the production base
Performance indicators Unit 2024 2025
Total water consumption Tonne Heyuan: 1,190,541
Chengdu:  180,566
Heyuan: 1,172,564
Chengdu: 214,077
    
Water consumption per RMB1,000 million of  
production volume
Tonne Heyuan: 217,315
Chengdu: 43,521
Heyuan: 213,606
Chengdu: 37,055
    
Water consumption per HK$1,000 million of revenue Tonne 101,952 99,351
    
Water consumption per thousand units of product Tonne Heyuan: 21.9
Chengdu: 16.9
Heyuan: 19.9
Chengdu: 17.9
    
Industrial water reuse rate % 98.27% 98.29%
    
Overall leakage rate % Heyuan: 4.18%
Chengdu: 1.95%
Heyuan: 4.11%
Chengdu: 3.38%
    
Industrial wastewater reuse Tonne 202,440 258,746
    
Industrial wastewater reuse rate % 21% 28%
    
Condensate utilization Tonne 12,076 7,627
    
Unconventional water resource utilization Tonne 214,516 266,373
    
Unconventional water resource utilization rate % 13.53% 16.11%
For Hong Kong office, the total water is 99 tonnes (7 tonnes/revenue (HK$1,000 million)) and 75 tonnes (5 tonnes/revenue 
(HK$1,000 million)) in 2024 and 2025 respectively.

===== PAGE 45 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 43
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
2025, we completed 4 water-saving renovation projects, saving 17,281 tonnes of water annually. Details are shown in the table 
below:
List of new water-saving measures for production bases in 2025
Project Location Completion time Particular
Annualized
water saving
(Tonne)
Improvement of 
production water 
processes
Heyuan March 2025 After verification, tap water meets the 
requirements of the production process, and 
the water supply for the automatic edge grinding 
machine is changed from pure water to tap 
water.
2,330
     
Pure water system 
instrument for  
water recycling
Chengdu May 2025 Modify the pipeline to reuse wastewater from the 
pure water system instrument, which is originally 
discharged into the sewage network, back into 
the main system.
353
     
Grinding and cleaning 
equipment water-saving 
retrofit
Chengdu June 2025 Modify the water supply control device for the 
wire cutting and grinding cleaning equipment to 
achieve on-demand water supply and save water.
13,398
     
Cooling tower 
wastewater recycling 
retrofit
Chengdu August 2025 Modify the cooling tower drainage pipes to 
recycle some wastewater for toilet flushing.
1,200
Total 17,281

===== PAGE 46 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited44
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
3) Targets and progress
We set water-saving targets at the plant level, and the overall progress is good. Details are as follows:
Achievement of water resource management targets and indicators at production base
Plant Target indicators Water-saving measures 2025 progress Status
Heyuan
By 2025, water consumption 
per unit of industrial 
production volume 
decreased by 80% compared 
to 2018.
Comprehensive recycling 
and utilization of workshop 
production wastewater, 
cooling tower drainage, 
and air conditioning and air 
compressor condensate, 
improving production 
efficiency.
The per unit of industrial 
production volume in 2025 
decreased by 70% compared 
to 2018, slightly below the 
target.
Achieved 
87.5%
    
Industrial water reuse rate 
≥95%.
Recycling and wastewater 
reuse.
Industrial water reuse rate is 
98.12%.
Achieved
    
Overall leakage rate < 5%. Daily inspection and regular 
water balance tests.
2025 statistics shows an 
overall leakage rate of 4.11%.
Achieved
     
Chengdu
By 2028, water consumption 
per unit of industrial 
production volume will 
decrease by 15% compared 
to 2023.
Comprehensive recycling 
and utilization of workshop 
production wastewater, 
cooling tower drainage, 
and air conditioning and air 
compressor condensate.
Water intake intensity in 
2025 decreased by 15.7% 
compared to 2023. Achieved 
ahead of schedule.
Achieved
    
Industrial water reuse rate 
≥95%.
Recycling and wastewater 
reuse.
Industrial water reuse rate is 
98.93%
Achieved
    
Overall leakage rate <5%. Daily inspection and the 
water balance test of the 
plant every three years.
The overall leakage rate of 
water balance test of the 
plant in 2025 is 3.38%.
Achieved

===== PAGE 47 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 45
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
2,678
1,014
1,886
2,209
973
1,576
2,318
1,189
1,831
0
500
1000
1500
2000
2500
3000
2023 2024 2025
Heyuan
Overall
Chengdu
 ENERGY UTILIZATION
We adhere to the energy policy of “compliance with laws 
and regulations, energy conservation and consumption 
reduction, clean production, and continuous improvement”. 
We have established and operate an energy management 
system in accordance with the ISO 50001:2018 Energy 
Management System Standard. This system encompasses 
the entire process of energy management, from energy 
purchase, storage, processing and conversion, transmission 
and distribution, end-use, to waste energy recovery and 
utilization. We actively implement energy-saving renovations, 
management optimization, and technological innovation to 
continuously improve energy efficiency.
Our energy management system certification covers all 
of our officially operating production sites. In 2025, the 
comprehensive energy consumption per unit of production 
volume at Heyuan plant decreased by 66% compared to the 
baseline year (2018), achieving a target reduction of 70% 
and reaching 94% of the target. In 2025, the comprehensive 
energy consumption per unit of production volume at 
Chengdu plant decreased by 4% compared to the baseline 
year (2023).
1) Energy Conservation Practices
With the expansion of production scale, energy consumption 
in the production bases has shown an upward trend. In 
2025, the comprehensive energy consumption was 17,751 
tonnes of standard coal, a slight increase of 1.21% year-
on-year. Benefit from improved energy management and 
increased production efficiency, the comprehensive energy 
consumption per unit of industrial production volume in 2025 
decreased by approximately 13.93% year-on-year, and energy 
utilization efficiency was further improved.
Energy consumption intensity per RMB1,000 million of production volume (tonnes of standard coal)

===== PAGE 48 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited46
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
In 2025, we completed a total of 17 new energy-saving and carbon-reduction projects (10 in Chengdu and 7 in Heyuan), with 
an annualized energy-saving of 3,593.64 MWh of electricity (2,672.81 MWh in Chengdu and 920.83 MWh in Heyuan) and a 
reduction of greenhouse gas emissions of 1,906 tCO 2e (1,418 tCO2e in Chengdu and 488 tCO 2e in Heyuan).
List of new added energy-saving and carbon-reduction measures in 2025
Item Project Location
Execution 
Time Particular
Energy-
saving (kWh)
1 Improvements to 
screen printing and 
photolithography 
processes
Heyuan January 
2025
The number of heat-generating devices on the 
automated production line in the A2 workshop 
has been reduced, thus reducing heat dissipation 
needs. 80% of the air conditioning is turned off, 
saving electricity.
98,000
     
2 Improved liquid crystal 
water-drawing energy-
saving process
Heyuan February 
2025
The cleaning time for the two water-pull cleaning 
lines has been reduced from 300 seconds per 
tank to 230 seconds per tank, improving cleaning 
efficiency and allowing one water-pull cleaning 
line to be shut down for 12 hours per day, saving 
electricity.
169,000
     
3 Energy-saving process 
improvement
Heyuan March
2025
The A3 pull cycle time is gradually reduced from 
18 seconds to 16 seconds, improving production 
efficiency and saving electricity.
170,443
     
4 Improved screen 
making process
Heyuan March
2025
Two network cables are integrated into one unit, 
reducing equipment power consumption.
46,000
     
5 Vacuum pump 
optimization and 
integration
Heyuan March
2025
FOL has optimized and integrated its vacuum 
pumps, discontinuing some and reducing their 
usage time. FOL workshop has also eliminated 13 
Fujiwara 550D vacuum pumps, saving electricity.
131,000
     
6 Air conditioning 
energy-saving retrofit
Heyuan June
2025
LCM ASS&FQC workshop uses the original A2-Line 
Class 1,000 cleanroom, which had high energy 
consumption. 2/3 of the high-efficiency filters/
air conditioning/lighting were replaced with a 
purification level of 10,000.
283,000
     
7 Improvements to 
aging furnace process
Heyuan September 
2025
One aging furnace reduced the time by 1 hour 
from 2 hours, increases efficiency by 50%, saving 
electricity.
23,387
     
8 Energy-saving retrofit 
of air conditioning 
cooling fans
Chengdu January 
2025
Add a contactor for the air conditioner cooling fan 
to link with the operation of the air conditioner 
motor, so that the cooling fan stopped running 
when the air conditioner motor stops.
4,600
     
9 New rooftop 
photovoltaic power 
station
Chengdu March
2025
Construct a new rooftop distributed photovoltaic 
power station with a DC-side installed capacity 
of 1.992 MWh through an energy performance 
contracting model.
1,780,935
     

===== PAGE 49 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 47
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Item Project Location
Execution 
Time Particular
Energy-
saving (kWh)
10 EC equipment energy-
saving retrofit
Chengdu May
2025
By modifying the dust-free conveyor belt receiving 
structure of the EC cleaning equipment in the 
module production line, the use of compressed air 
is avoided, saving electricity.
38,124
     
11 Energy-saving retrofit 
of cutting equipment
Chengdu May
2025
The panel cutting equipment was retrofitted to 
enable the ion bar to automatically switch operating 
modes according to production conditions, saving 
compressed air.
173,025
     
12 Energy-saving retrofit 
of appearance 
inspection equipment
Chengdu June
2025
By modifying the control mode of the FFU in the 
AOI inspection equipment for the cutting line, 
saving electricity.
29,279
     
13 Energy-saving 
improvement for 
touchscreens in 
surface mount 
equipment
Chengdu July
2025
Configure the touchscreen device to automatically 
turn off, preventing it from remaining constantly on.
2,851
     
14 Energy-saving retrofit 
of automatic wiping 
equipment
Chengdu August 
2025
Improve the compressed air control method for the 
air knife in the wiping equipment for automatic on-
demand air supply, saving energy.
48,333
     
15 Energy-saving 
improvement of chip 
mounting equipment 
ion bars
Chengdu August 
2025
Upgrade the ion bar of the old chip mounting 
equipment to save compressed air.
24,667
     
16 Energy-saving retrofit 
of lighting system in 
the upper mezzanine 
of cleanroom
Chengdu October 
2025
By modifying the control system, remote control 
of the upper mezzanine lighting in the cleanroom 
is achieved, eliminating the previous issue of lights 
remaining constantly on, saving energy.
82,000
     
17 Energy-saving retrofit 
of the grinding 
machine
Chengdu December 
2025
Installing a solenoid valve in the compressed air 
pipeline of the grinder allows for automatic on-
demand air supply, saving energy.
489,000
Total energy-saving 3,593.64
  
Greenhouse gas emissions reduction (tCO 2e) 1,906

===== PAGE 50 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited48
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
During the reporting period, we continued to operate the key energy-saving measures that were put into operation in previous 
years, saving 1,491.64 MWh of electricity, 465,800 Nm³ of natural gas, and 112 m 3 of light diesel oil, with a total energy-saving of 
approximately 834 tonnes of standard coal and avoiding greenhouse gas emissions of 2,088 tCO 2e.
List of implemented key energy-saving and carbon-reduction measures from previous years in 2025
Project Location
Commissioning 
time Particular
Annualized 
energy-saving
Annualized 
carbon-reduction
(tCO
2e)
Waste heat 
recovery
Heyuan 2022 Waste heat from the compressors 
is recovered for hot water supply 
in dormitories and canteen, 
replacing the original diesel boiler 
for heating.
Save 112m³ light 
diesel oil
289
      
Rooftop 
photovoltaic 
power 
generation 
project
Heyuan 2023 Rooftop safe photovoltaic power 
generation, with a total installed 
capacity of 0.5445 MWh, reduced 
the need for electricity purchases.
627,640kWh 333
      
Compressor 
energy-saving 
retrofit
Heyuan 2024 HYN2 power room’s compressor 
is equipped with a cloud-based 
control system that adjusts 
workshop energy consumption 
in real time during day and night 
shifts, reducing energy waste.
864,000kWh 458
      
Waste heat 
recovery
Chengdu 2022 Waste heat from air compressors 
and refrigeration units can be 
recovered for air conditioning and 
heating, replacing gas boilers.
Save 465,800 Nm³ 
natural gas
1,008

===== PAGE 51 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 49
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
2) Energy Structure Optimization
To further control energy costs and reduce carbon emissions, 
we are optimizing our energy structure and improving the 
level of low-carbon energy use through measures building 
photovoltaic power plants, purchasing green electricity, and 
etc..
53.6%
39.85%
607
2,409
0.5445
2.5368
60.15%
39.85%
0
0.5000
1.0000
1.5000
2.0000
2.5000
3.0000
0
500
1000
1500
2000
2500
3000
0
20
40
60
80
100
2024 2025
2024 2025 2024 2025
Green
electricity
Conventional
power
Our energy supply is primarily based on electricity, 
supplemented by natural gas and gasoline. By 2025, the 
proportion of clean energy (electricity and natural gas) use 
reached 99.73%, consuming 143,277 MWh of electricity, of 
which green electricity accounted for approximately 39.85%.
Photovoltaic installed capacity (MW)
Electricity consumption structure in 2025
Photovoltaic power generation (MWh)
Green electricity consumption percentage

===== PAGE 52 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited50
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
3) Key Performance Indicators for Energy Managemen t
2024 2025
Performance indicators Unit Heyuan Chengdu Total Heyuan Chengdu Total
Comprehensive energy 
consumption
tce 12,697 4,934 17,631 12,128 5,623 17,751
        
Comprehensive energy 
consumption per 1,000 million of 
production volume
tce 2,318 1,189 1,831 2,209 973 1,576
        
Comprehensive energy 
consumption of HK$1,000 million 
in revenue
tce / / 1,311 / / 1,272
        
Comprehensive energy 
consumption per thousand units 
of product
tce 0.23 0.46 0.27 0.20 0.47 0.25
        
Gasoline consumption t 32.00 7.63 39.63 25.86 7.12 32.98
        
Diesel consumption t 0 0.075 0.075 0 0.078 0.078
        
Natural gas consumption 10,000 m³ 0 9.12 9.12 0 8.5 8.5
        
Total electricity consumption MWh 102,926 39,233 142,159 98,376 44,901 143,277
        
Electricity consumption per 
thousand units of product 1
MWh 1.89 3.68 2.18 1.65 3.76 2.0
        
Purchased green certificates/
green electricity
MWh 35,900 39,233 75,133 35,000 19,688 54,688
        
Self-consumed green electricity 
from photovoltaics
MWh 607 0 607 628 1,781 2,409
        
Percentage of green electricity % 35.5% 100.0% 53.3% 36.22% 47.81% 39.85%
Note:
1. Due to significant d ifferences in the types of products produced in Chengdu plant and Heyuan plant, the energy consumption intensity per unit of 
product is not comparable.
2. The calculation of the green electricity percentage in the table above does not include conventional hydropower consumption, but only includes 
photovoltaic power generation from the Company’s plants rooftop and electricity purchased from the power trading center with green electricity 
certificates.
For Hong Kong office, the total electricity is 178,578 kWh (13,278 kWh/revenue (HK$1,000 million)) and 183,272 kWh (13.131 
kWh/revenue (HK$1,000 million)) in 2024 and 2025 respectively.

===== PAGE 53 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 51
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
1) Raw materials
To provide clients and consumers with environmentally 
compliant products, the raw materials we use fully comply 
with international and domestic environmental standards, 
and we rationally utilize raw materials containing recycled 
materials to further reduce our environmental impact. During 
the reporting period, a supplier survey is conducted and 
revealed that our PCB printed circuit boards, FPC flexible 
circuits, and injection molded parts all contain a certain 
proportion of recycled materials.
2) Packaging materials
Our main packaging materials include corrugated cardboard 
boxes, trays, and wooden pallets, all of which are recyclable. 
Furthermore, we actively encourage packaging material 
manufacturers to use recycled materials instead of virgin 
materials to reduce the consumption of natural resource and 
lower their carbon footprint. The questionnaire responses 
from suppliers indicate that approximately 25% of the trays 
we use for product packaging are made from recycled plastic.
 RAW MATERIAL PROCUREMENT
The Group require suppliers to establish a CSR management 
system with reference to internationally recognized CSR 
standards such as ISO 14001/ISO 45001/IPC 1401 and pass 
it on to lower-level suppliers. This supplier CSR audit tool 
applies to all suppliers and subcontractors that provide 
products or services to the Company directly or indirectly, 
including its sub-suppliers, clarifying quality requirements and 
acceptance criteria for procurement of products.
Procurement information provided by the Group to 
suppliers includes environmental requirements on the use 
of hazardous substances, use of recyclable materials and 
energy efficiency. The Group has also worked with European 
customer to select the use of raw materials that do not 
contain perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) 
to build up our automotive display modules products.

===== PAGE 54 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited52
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Main packaging material consumption at the production base (unit: tonne)
Category Location 2024 2025
Year-on-Year
Comparison
Corrugated cardboard box Heyuan 1,466 980 –33.15%
    
Chengdu 475 628 +32.21%
     
Total corrugated cardboard box consumption 1,941 1,608 –17.16%
     
Corrugated cardboard box consumption per HK$1,000 million  
of revenue 144.33 115.21 –20.18%
     
Traya Heyuan 2,499 885 –64.59%
    
Chengdu 1,915 2,202 +14.99%
     
Total tray consumption 4,414 3,087 –30.06%
     
Tray consumption per HK$1,000 million of revenue 328.21 221.18 –32.61%
     
Wooden pallet Heyuan 367.61 368.14 +0.14%
    
Chengdu 1,070 1,557 +45.51%
     
Total wooden pallet consumption 1,438 b 1,925 +33.87%
     
Wooden pallet consumption per HK$1,000 million of revenue 107 137.92 +28.90%
     
Plastic pallet c Heyuan 11.25 9.15 –18.67%
    
Chengdu 0 0.38 /
     
Total plastic pallet consumption 11.25 9.53 –15.29%
     
Plastic pallet consumption per HK$1,000 million of revenue 0.84 0.68 –19.05%
     
Total main packaging material consumption 7,804 4,387 –43.79%
     
Main packaging material consumption per HK$1,000 million  
of revenue 580 314 –45.86%
Note:
a. Tray refers to product packaging used in Chengdu plant. Due to increased production volume and a higher proportion of large-siz ed products, the 
usage of packaging materials has increased.
b. Chengdu plan t has improved its calculation method for wooden pallet consumption. The data for 2024 is updated.
c. Plastic pallet refers to large HDPE pallets used for transporting packaged products. It is clarified that these are not the same items as the plastic pallets 
reported in previous years.
3) Procurement of forestr y products
We support responsible forestry and contribute to sustainable development through specific actions. The copy paper we 
purchase is produced by nationally environmentally friendly companies, and the product packaging bears the UPM-verified 
“Responsible Fiber” and “From the Nordic Countries” marks, and has passed FSC certification (Forest Stewardship Council 
certification).

===== PAGE 55 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 53
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
 ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION 
PUBLICITY AND EDUCATION
We highly value the cultivation of environmental protection 
and low-carbon transformation capabilities and awareness. 
According to the Company’s “EHS Training and Publicity 
Management Procedures”, we have developed and effectively 
implemented training and publicity plans.
 ENVIRONMENTAL EDUCATION
Our management, environmental technicians, and other 
staff are all required to receive environmental training and 
education. Environmental protection training course content:
 Professional knowledge for environmental positions,  
including but not limited to knowledge of environmental 
management systems, energy management systems, 
relevant laws, regulations and policies, ESG knowledge, 
carbon emission canulation, product carbon footprint 
canulation, etc.
 Environmental factor identification, industrial “three  
wastes” (wastewater, waste gas, and waste residue) 
management systems, environmental laws, regulations 
and policies, etc.
 General knowledge of environmental protection, 
energy conservation, and low carbon, and methods for 
practicing environmental protection and low-carbon 
concepts.
 ENVIRONMENTAL PUBLICITY
Every year on World Water Day, World Earth Day, World 
Environment Day, Hong Kong Green Day, Earth Hour, and 
China Energy Conservation Awareness Week’s National 
Low-Carbon Day, we widely disseminate knowledge about 
environmental protection through internal office portals, 
broadcasts, emails, posters, banners, and television, creating 
a positive environmental protection corporate culture.
Environmental protection laws and regulations training
Energy conservation and carbon-reduction knowledge training

===== PAGE 56 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited54
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Travel and meetings
 Pre-ap proval Travel Application is required for all staff 
for air travel.
 E ncouragement of the use of teleconferencing, video 
conferencing, and virtual meeting tools such as Zoom, 
Microsoft Teams, Tencent VooV, WhatsApp and WeChat 
to minimize travel.
In the same year, the Hong Kong office participated in the “ESG 
Pledge” Scheme organized by The Chinese Manufacturers’ 
Association of Hong Kong and co-operated with Hong 
Kong Brand Development 
Council. The Scheme is aim 
at strengthening the concern 
of sustainable development. 
It encourages the business 
and public sectors to sign 
the pledge and implement 
the action plans to improve 
the ESG (Environmental, 
Social and Governance)  
performance, thus building a 
sustainable environment in 
future.
Energy-efficient office practices
 Of fice equipment is turned off or set to power saving 
mode when not in use or after work hours.
 Switch off air conditioning and lights before leaving 
meeting rooms and in unused sections.
 Reduce/turn off lighting in sparsely occupied areas.
 Draw blinds or curtains to block direct sun rays and 
minimize heat in the office during sunny periods.
Advocate paperless office
 E lectronic documents are used to reduce the use 
of paper, which can achieve real-time information 
replacement, fast time, high accuracy, and save 
maintenance costs.
 Electronic signature management system meets the  
data display requirements, reduces traditional paper, 
and is green and efficient.
 M ake use of double-sided copying/printing, FinePrint 
function, or single-sided waste paper to avoid paper 
wastage.
The Group is a keen supporter for 
developing a healthy and green  
community. It not only dedicates the 
efforts to minimising the environmental 
impacts from its operations, but also 
participates in different community 
events to develop and promote a 
healthy and green lifestyle for the 
employees and the community. The 
Hong Kong headquarters, Heyuan plant 
and Chengdu plant continue to adhere 
to the concept of “Green Office” as the 
theme in 2025. Those activities not only 
helped preserve the environment but 
also raised the employees’ awareness of 
environmental protection.


===== PAGE 57 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 55
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
The Group provides remuneration, welfare and fringe 
benefits to employees comparable to the market standard. 
Remuneration, salary and bonus distribution are determined 
with reference to a performance-linked scale. When it comes 
to annual reviews, factors such as the Group’s financial 
performance, business prospects, individual performance, 
market rates and inflation rate are taken into consideration to 
decide the rate and scale. For staff promotion, it is conducted 
on a regular review. In case of a vacancy in higher positions, 
priority is given to internal promotion of employees based 
on determinants such as their performance, educational 
background, work experience, ability and conduct.
In 2025, the turnover rates for Hong Kong, the PRC and 
Overseas staff were 8.9%, 12.6% and 1.7% respectively.
During the year, there was no significant reported case of 
non-compliance with the relevant laws and regulations in 
Hong Kong, the PRC and Overseas.
 HEALTH AND SAFETY
We adhere to a people-oriented approach and have 
formulated an EHS (Environment, Health, and Safety) work 
policy of “compliance with laws and regulations, procedural 
control, continuous improvement, and full participation”. 
We attach great importance to the health and safety 
of employees, contractors, and other stakeholders. By 
establishing and improving management systems and 
promoting technological innovation, we implement a 
company-wide safety production responsibility system, 
create a culture of “everyone talking about safety,” and move 
from “passive compliance” to “proactive safety creation,” 
continuously consolidating the foundation for the Company’s 
sustainable development.
SOCIAL
 EMPLOYMENT
The Group aims to provide a safe, inclusive and motivating 
workplace for its employees. It also promotes a culture of 
integrity with human resources management policies in place 
to foster a caring atmosphere with mutual respect in the 
workplace. We care for our employees and recognises that 
having good staff relation and a motivated workforce play a 
vital role in the Company’s efficient operations.
The Group strictly observes the labour law in Hong Kong and 
the PRC. It is the policy of the Company to maintain a working 
environment that complies with the Race Discrimination 
Ordinance, Sex Discrimination Ordinance, Disability 
Discrimination Ordinance and the Family Status Discrimination 
Ordinance of the Ordinance and Code of Practice.
Diversity has been considered from a number of measurable 
aspects including but not limited to gender, age, cultural 
and educational background, ethnicity and disability. We 
make reasonable workplace adjustments (including during 
the hiring process) to ensure all individuals feel supported 
and are able to participate fully and reach their potential. 
If employees are disabled, we proactively seek to support 
them with appropriate training and workplace adjustments 
where possible and explore every opportunity to ensure their 
employment continues. During the year, we have employed 
105 disabled employees.

===== PAGE 58 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited56
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
c. Proactive management pra ctices
During the reporting period, both Heyuan plant and 
Chengdu plant, which are in full operation, have passed 
the authoritative certifications of ISO 45001 Occupational 
Health and Safety Management System and ISO 14001 
Environmental Management System. Chengdu plant has 
passed Chengdu Safety Production Standardization Level 3 
Enterprise construction acceptance and has been rated as a 
Sichuan Province Occupational Health Management Class A 
Enterprise.
(2) Key measures and perf ormance
a. Constructio n of dual prevention mechanism
In terms of safety risk management, we have formulated 
systems such as the “EHS Risk and Opportunity Management 
Procedure”, which clarifies the classification standards and 
management measures from low risk to major risk. We 
systematically carry out safety risk identification, assessment 
and control work, including hazard source identification, risk 
assessment and control, risk classification and management, 
and risk visualization, which effectively reduces the occurrence 
of safety accidents.
Based on the
hidden danger
investigation list,
1,775 hidden
dangers were
identiﬁed and
addressed.
Among them, 
there is 1
major risk
The rectiﬁcation
rate of hidden
danger has
reached 100%.
426
signiﬁcant risks
4,386 risks were identiﬁed
(1) Occupational Health an d Safety Management
a. Sound management structure
We have established a safety working committee of the 
Company to comprehensively coordinate EHS work. The 
safety working committee has a safety and environmental 
protection office responsible for organizing and implementing 
EHS work.
b. Comprehensive management system
We have established a comprehensive EHS management 
system in accordance with “Work Safety Law of the 
People’s Republic of China”, “Prevention and Control of 
Occupational Diseases Law of the People’s Republic of 
China”, “Fire Protection Law of the People’s Republic of 
China”, “Environmental Protection Law of the People’s 
Republic of China”, and other relevant laws, regulations, and 
requirements.
We use safety performance as a key performance indicator 
for senior management and heads of various production 
organizations, linking to their remuneration or performance.
Risk classification management and hidden danger investigation and control

===== PAGE 59 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 57
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
c. Safety edu cation and training
We highly value the improvement of employees’ safety awareness and skills, regarding safety training as a key measure to 
ensure safe production. We have established a comprehensive safety training system and, through the implementation of 
an assessment mechanism, effectively enhance employees’ safety awareness and skill levels, thus strengthening the safety 
production defense line. During the reporting period, we completed over 800 safety trainings covering topics such as fire safety, 
emergency response, chemical safety management, and equipment safety management, with a total of 62,815 participants and 
a total training duration of 179,926 hours.
New employee on-boarding safety training Supervisor emergency management skills training
b. Occupational health monitoring
We use a variety of methods, including routine occupational 
hazard notification, occupational health checkups, 
occupational hazard factor monitoring, provision of protective 
devices, and occupational health training and promotion, to 
accurately monitor employees’ health status and workplace 
safety, and improve employees’ awareness and skills in 
occupational health protection.
Occupational health knowledge training
Government-enterprise cooperation health consultation activities
Mental health 
knowledge seminar
First aid skills training

===== PAGE 60 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited58
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
d. Safety culture development
The Company is committed to creating a strong atmosphere where “everyone talks about safety, everything is done with safety 
in mind, and safety is upheld everywhere”. It regularly conducts various forms of safety culture promotion, such as regularly 
publishing safety journals, broadcasting safety announcements, and producing short safety videos, to enhance the breadth of 
safety culture promotion and increase the effectiveness of safety culture dissemination.
Power outage evacuation drill Fire emergency drill
In 2025, taking advantage of safety month and fire prevention month, we carried out a series of training activities, including the 
general manager’s safety lecture, the “Safety and Health Cup” knowledge competition, the emergency skills competition, and 
first aid training, and etc..
e. Emergency  response capability building
To effectively respond to sudden safety accidents, the Company has developed comprehensive emergency plans to ensure 
a scientific and efficient emergency response. We conduct at least 2 plants emergency drills annually, and each department 
conducts various on-site response drills according to the year plan.

===== PAGE 61 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 59
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
(3) Management indicators  and targes
During the reporting period, all necessary safety investments were made, and all occupational health and safety production 
targets were achieved.
Main health and safety target and achievement
Key indicators Annual target Actual situation
Occupational disease incidence rate 0 0
   
Number of fire accidents 0 0
   
Government penalty incidents 0 0
The Group regularly conducts safety training and awareness campaigns to enhance workers’ participation in safety 
management. For the past 3 years, including 2025, there is no work-related fatality in the Group and no injury case was 
reported among Hong Kong employees. The plant recorded 27 (2024: 30) injury cases with 539 (2024: 564) lost days due to 
work injuries. Every injury case underwent a detailed review and evaluation, with precautionary measures put in place to avoid a 
repeat occurrence. Extra training was conducted with the parties involved.
Workforce and Turnover Rate
2025 2024
Overall 
Ratio
Hong 
Kong PRC Overseas
Overall 
Ratio
Hong 
Kong PRC Overseas
Male
Age 18–45 46.11% 46 3,525 59 45.37% 47 3,284 23
         
46–65 3.32% 45 192 24 3.06% 40 169 17
         
Turnover rate 1.5% 14.8% 1.2% 2.2% 17.5% 9.1%
         
Total male ratio 49.43% 48.43%
 
 
   
    
Female
Age 18–45 42.77% 25 3,259 83 44.60% 21 3,262 15
         
46–65 7.80% 17 592 6 6.97% 16 495 4
         
Turnover rate 4.5% 10.4% 2.2% 19.6% 12.0% 5.0%
         
Total female ratio 50.57% 51.57%
 
 
   
    
Total ratio 100% 100%

===== PAGE 62 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited60
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
2025 2024
Overall 
Ratio
Hong 
Kong PRC Overseas
Overall 
Ratio
Hong 
Kong PRC Overseas
Employment Type
Staff 26.60% 133 1,862 99 25.92% 124 1,733 59
         
Workers 73.40% 0 5,706 73 74.08% 0 5,477 0
         
Total ratio 100% 100%
         
Full-time 99.97% 131 7,568 172 99.99% 123 7,210 59
         
Part-time 0.03% 2 0 0 0.01% 1 0 0
 
 
   
    
Total ratio 100% 100%
Development and Training
2025 2024
Total 
Training 
Hours
Total 
Participants
Total 
Headcounts
Average 
Training 
Hours 
per Staff 
Member
Total 
Training 
Hours
Total 
Participants
Total 
Headcounts
Average 
Training 
Hours 
per Staff 
Member
HK Staff
Male 940 246 71 13.2 1,926 184 82 23.5
         
Female 434 136 40 10.8 696 68 30 23.2
 
 
   
    
PRC Staff
Male 26,790 4,103 700 38.3 13,984 4,008 712 19.6
         
Female 16,190 4,497 397 40.8 7,879 4,497 387 20.4
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PRC Workers
Male 163,283 11,060 3,575 45.7 70,783 11,060 3,575 19.8
         
Female 161,492 10,972 3,901 41.4 42,000 10,972 3,901 10.8
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
Total
Male 191,013 15,409 4,346 44.0 86,693 15,251 4,369 19.8
         
Female 178,116 15,605 4,338 41.1 50,575 15,536 4,318 11.7
         
Total Training Hours 369,129 137,268
 
 
   
    
The percentage of employees trained by gender category
Male 51.7% 63.2%
   
Female 48.3% 36.8%
 
 
   
    
The percentage of employees trained by employee category
HK Staff + PRC Staff 12.0% 17.8%
   
PRC Workers 88.0% 82.2%

===== PAGE 63 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 61
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
DEVELOPMENT AND TRAINING
The Group values its employees and is committed to 
providing an ideal workplace in which its staff members may 
grow and develop. At the same time, the Group promotes 
a staff engagement culture and aims to build an innovative, 
energetic and highly motivated workforce to meet with 
accelerating business development.
The Group’s policy is to ensure that all employees achieve 
personal growth in their careers, and training is therefore 
encouraged. This is usually held during working hours, so that 
employees need not sacrifice personal time for training. A 
flexible work pattern may be scheduled for Hong Kong staff 
members working in the production plant if they need to 
pursue further studies.
All new employees are required to undergo orientation 
training organised by the Human Resources department to 
better comprehend the Group’s core values, business goals, 
as well as code of conduct.
We promote continuous learning through a variety of courses 
that enhance not only job-related abilities but also personal 
growth. Training covers a wide range of topics including 
operational skills, craftsmanship, display technology, quality 
standards, environmental matters, health and safety, data 
privacy and soft management skills. Senior managerial staff 
members are usually invited to be technical instructors. 
External coaches are employed for specific trainings on soft 
management skills.
In the same year, the Group also provided a training on 
fraud and anti-corruption for directors and employees to 
discourage any form of corruption. The training content 
included the impact of fraud on a company, fraud prevention 
and reporting, and related regulations and case studies. 
Participants included the directors and staff from Hong 
Kong, Heyuan and Chengdu. The relevant training materials 
are circulated in the Company’s public domain, so that the 
remaining staff could participate by reading the training 
materials to gain knowledge and updates of anti-corruption.
Training Topics Total Training Hours
Professional development 40,472
  
Legislative training 3,507
  
Orientation training 84,863
  
Industry knowledge training 28,724
  
Sustainability and ESG development 25,887
  
Health & Safety training 183,962
  
Other trainings 1,714
Total 369,129


===== PAGE 64 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited62
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
OUTSTANDING YOUTH PLAN
In June 2025, we held a two-day intensive retraining program 
for the 2024 cohort, aimed at building a talent development 
and growth system for young professionals through precise 
assessments, practical training, continuous monitoring, and 
ongoing improvement. Participants successfully completed 
the training, maintaining a passion for learning and embracing 
challenges with an open attitude. They continuously honed 
their professional skills, growing through exploration and 
achieving mutual success in personal value and corporate 
development.
LABOUR STANDARDS
The Group complies with and observes the respective 
Labour Laws and Regulations in its operating countries. As 
a responsible employer, the following principles are strictly 
enforced:
 No child labour
 Ensure that wages comply with or exceed the minimum 
legal requirements of the country where employees are 
based
 Ove rtime practice is based on a voluntary pattern, no 
forced labour is allowed
 Respect for the opinions of general employees and the 
labour union
 Formal complaint channels are established and are 
regularly promoted to employees
 Equal employment opportunities — employment of 
disadvantaged employees and diversity and inclusion 
are encouraged in the workplace
 Harassment and abuse — these are actively  
discouraged in any form, to or among all employees
 P rotect privacy and personal data at work, and respect 
the opinions of all employees and the trade union
All potential applicants are required to complete the 
Company’s Employment Application Form, where personal 
data such as, names, contact details, ID numbers, etc. will be 
provided by the applicants. Human Resources Department will 
then reference check the ID cards to ensure that they meet 
the minimum age standard, i.e. 18 years old or above. If the 
Group observes any serious violation of the company system 
by employee, it is entitled to terminate their employment 
relations.
Kunpeng Project — V1 Leadership Enhancement

===== PAGE 65 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 63
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
PEOPLE CARING
The Hong Kong headquarters was awarded the “Happiness-
at-work Promotional Scheme” logo sponsored by the Hong 
Kong Enhancement Happiness Index Fund for 12th year 
in 2025. The Company has been committed to promoting 
and creating a pleasant working environment. Building a 
“Happy Workplace” can help motivate employees’ morale. The 
ultimate goal of achieving people and things.
The Group arranges annual heath check for its employees 
in Hong Kong and the PRC. We also encourage work-life 
balance, and interest classes such as yoga, aerobics, dancing 
and English class were organised to encourage healthy living, 
and attracted many colleagues to join, which enhanced the 
cohesion of the Group, and strengthened the physical and 
mental development of employees.
OPEN COMMUNICATION
The Group sees the importance of fostering a culture of 
open communication, transparency, and collaboration 
of its employees. Core businesses undertake employee 
engagement activities regularly to collect feedback and 
identify areas for improvement. Employee Satisfaction Surveys 
are conducted annually to hear the voices of staff. These 
interactions help gauge overall employee sentiment and 
alignment with the core values of the Group.
SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT
The Group takes a collaborative approach to supply chain 
sustainability management, as it views its suppliers as part of 
an interdependent ecosystem.
The Company bases on customer requirements and 
relevant guidelines to formulate a CSR (Social Responsibility) 
agreement, BOEVx Supplier Social Responsibility Commitment 
Letter and RBA Supplier Self-Assessment Form which are 
signed by most of our suppliers. We require suppliers to 
establish a CSR management system with reference to 
internationally recognized CSR standards such as ISO 14001/
ISO 45001/IPC 1401 and pass it on to lower-level suppliers. 
This supplier CSR audit tool applies to all suppliers and 
subcontractors that directly or indirectly provide products or 
services to the Company, including its sub-suppliers.
LABOUR MANAGEMENT
Based on people orientated approach, the Group promotes 
respect, equality, and inclusiveness to build a friendly 
workplace and environment. Formulating human rights 
policy, promoting employee relationship management, and 
fulfilling labour rights protection. Maintain labour human 
rights, respect labour rights, fulfil social responsibility 
commitments, and support and encourage suppliers to follow 
the same guidelines. Provide education and training, multiple 
communication platforms and channels, self-assessment 
questionnaires, and stakeholders can file complaints via 
telephone and email.
Identify labour/human rights incidents within and outside the 
Group and changes in relevant domestic and international 
regulations, establish a confirmation list, and conduct due 
diligence at each location through systematic procedures such 
as self-assessment, audit procedures, and questionnaires to 
identify major issues. According to the extent of the impact 
of each issue on different operating locations and the objects 
affected, formulate improvement policies and measures, 
conduct risk control and remediation, and track improvement 
results.
To enable employees to understand their own rights and 
interests through training courses, as well as the Group’s 
introduction of relevant courses on issues such as labour, 
human rights, health and safety, environment and ethics. The 
Group values the opinions and rights of employees, builds 
a diverse communication platform and channels, builds 
consensus among employees, and promotes harmonious 
labour-management relations.

===== PAGE 66 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited64
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Key Actions and Achievement for 2025
Dimensions Core Actions/Strategies Key Information and Progress
Strategic Guidance Implement “V+” business 
strategy
Emphasizing Volume (scale) and ecosystem synergy. Achieve economies 
of scale and a stable supply system through deep cooperation with 
suppliers and other partners.
   
Specific Actions Hold the Second Supplier 
Quality Conference
In April 2025, themed “Tracing the Source, Leading with Quality” aiming 
to strengthen quality consensus.
   
Ecosystem Building Ecosystem synergy from 
“Chain” to “Circle”
Collaborate with upstream and downstream enterprises on joint 
innovation in areas such as smart cockpits and flexible displays. 
Actively build an open platform for smart cockpits to aggregate industry 
resources.
   
Globalization Strengthen the global R&D 
and delivery network
Establish R&D centers in North America and Europe, forming a “localized 
iterative computation + global delivery” model to enhance the supply 
chain’s local responsiveness and global delivery capabilities.
1. E mphasis on both quality and collaboration: holding 
dedicated supplier quality conferences is a direct 
measure to establish a foundation for cooperation and 
unified standards.
2. Transition to ecosystem-based  cooperation: beyond 
simply managing suppliers, we are committed to 
building a collaborative innovation ecosystem that 
includes suppliers and OEMs, enabling joint technology 
development and risk sharing.
3. Glo balization ensures resilience: by establishing R&D 
centers and manufacturing bases overseas (Chengdu, 
Heyuan, Vietnam), we can effectively diversify risks, be 
closer to customer markets, and improve the stability 
and responsiveness of the overall supply chain.
The Company has developed a supplier quality management 
manual. The goal is to require all suppliers of production 
materials, or materials and services directly affecting 
production, to comply with the latest IATF 16949 standard 
(requiring continuous monitoring and certificate renewal) and 
other specified standards, including but not limited to ISO 
9001, ISO 14001, ISO 45001, QC080000, VDA, and Formal Q. 
Based on ISO 9001 and IATF 16949, which are suitable for 
automotive products and related requirements, the Company 
aims to provide customers with high-quality products and 
services that meet contractual requirements with maximum 
economic efficiency. To this end, the Company requires 
suppliers to implement “three automations and one stability, 
strict entry and strict exit.” This means automated production, 
IT-based management, professional personnel, and stable 
key personnel; strict control over upstream supplier product 
quality and strict quality control of shipped products. These 
are the basic requirements for ensuring product quality. 
Suppliers ensure that product quality meets BOEVx’s 
requirements through strict control of personnel, machinery, 
materials, processes, measurement, and environment.

===== PAGE 67 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 65
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Table of Distribution and Response Status
Number
Percentage 
(%)
Total No. of major suppliers for 
manufacturing operations 113 –
   
Total No. of major suppliers 
questionnaires sent 113 100
   
Total No. of completed 
questionnaires returned 99 88
Table of Results
Rating Number
Percentage 
(%)
Outstanding 65 65.7
   
Above Average 32 32.3
   
Average 2 2.0
   
Need Improvement 0 0
   
Below Standard 0 0
   
Total 99 100
DISTRIBUTION OF SUPPLIERS
Suppliers are divided into material suppliers and logistics 
service vendors, and machinery makers. Certain material 
suppliers are requested to sign a declaration declaring that 
their packing material and Bill of Material (BOM) contains no 
hazardous substance. There was no reported case of violation 
of the declaration by any of our suppliers in the reporting 
period.
Suppliers by Geographical Region
PRC Asia Europe
United 
States
Material Suppliers 201 40 7 6
     
Logistics Service 
Vendors 2 5 5 2
Key rules:
 E nsure supplier diversity and not over-reliance on a 
single supplier.
 S trengthen long-term cooperative relationships with 
major suppliers and improve the stability and contrast 
of the supply chain.
 Strengthen information connectivity and risk monitoring 
of the supply chain.
 I ncrease social responsibility requirements and audits 
for suppliers.
In 2025, the Group took the initiative to evaluate its suppliers’ 
social responsibility performance. Both material suppliers 
and logistics service vendors were included in an evaluation 
distribution list. Completed questionnaires helped the Group 
to understand and evaluate the performance of its suppliers 
and vendors in the aspects of:
 Work hours
 Child labour
 Forced labour
 Health and safety
 Environmental concerns
 Corporate social responsibility

===== PAGE 68 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited66
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
MACHINERY MAKERS
The Logistics Department screens and selects machinery 
makers by considering of the following factors:
 Co mpany background — financial stability, reputation 
and global network
 Pricin g, competitiveness and future new technology 
development
 Past track record
 Response time and customer servicing
To help operations and finance staff better understand the 
Company’s risk assessment and evaluation processes for 
customers and suppliers, a relevant training was arranged in 
August 2025.
ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RISKS 
OF SUPPLY CHAIN
The Group had established and strictly observing the 
guidelines and procedures as accordance to Group’s policy. 
Essentially, we adhered to high ethical standards and fair 
competition practises during our procurement processes. 
We performed annual performance evaluation for supplier to 
ensure they continuous delivering the quality services.
In view of the increasing environmental concerns in 
society, the Group is aware of the importance in managing 
environmental and social risks of its supply chain. The Group 
has embedded environmental and social consideration in the 
procurement process and supplier communication. Supplier’s 
environmental, social and governance policies, including 
emissions, use of resources, environmental and natural 
resources, health and safety, staff development and training, 
the prevention of child labour, product responsibility and 
anti-corruption would be measured. The Group will continue 
to monitor its supply chain regarding the environmental and 
social standards.
We have also formulated policies and procedures to ensure 
that the suppliers could compete in a transparent and fair 
way. The Group should not have differentiated or discriminate 
treatment on certain suppliers. The procedures include 
measures to prevent all kinds of business bribery and conflict 
of interest such as the avoidance of employees’ personal 
interest directly or indirectly in or given by the suppliers.
SELECTION AND EVALUATION OF 
SUPPLIERS
The Group selects suppliers and purchases materials and/
or services from suppliers and vendors using 3 methods, 
namely, price comparison, bidding and sentinel procurement. 
Audits of suppliers and vendors are performed on a regular 
basis. Results are compiled for review by the Supplier Quality 
Team and are approved by the department head of Quality.
CRITERIA FOR AUDIT INCLUDE:
 General operation and workforce condition
 capability for semi and/or fully automation
 financial analysis
 nature of business
 Quality qualification
 Quality system training
 Inspection procedures for quality systems
 Handling procedures for customer complaints
 Calibration
 Material suppliers control and handling procedures
 Production process control and inspection
 Past performance record
SERVICE VENDORS
The Logistics Department screens and selects service vendors 
by considering of the following factors:
 Co mpany background — financial stability, reputation 
and global network
 Pricin g, competitiveness and future new technology 
development
 Services — performance track record, efficiency and 
customer service
 Environmental performance — for instance, most of 
vendors use trucks compliant with Euro standards

===== PAGE 69 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 67
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
PRODUCT RESPONSIBILITY
The Group has no recall on products sold or shipped due 
to safety and health reasons in 2025. There are average 
128 cases and 115 cases per month of automotive quality 
enquiries in 2024 and 2025 respectively.
Safety is always the core of the Group quality policy. To pursue 
such policy, the Group is qualified by International Standard: 
ISO 14001 (Environmental Management System), ISO 45001 
(Occupational Health and Safety Management System) and 
QC 080000 (Hazardous Substance Process Management 
System Requirements). With these standards, the Group 
has developed an intensive system, to ensure no harmful 
substances (dangerous material lists from RoHS/REACH) going 
into finished goods. For environmental protection concern 
from customer, we have also applied the “Greenhouse Gases 
Emissions verification statement” and “Carbon Footprint 
Assessment certificate”. There is no concerned recall in 2025 
record.
CORPORATE PROCUREMENT 
BUSINESS
Procurement business refers to the activities related to 
purchasing materials (or accepting labor services) and making 
payments. It primarily involves tasks such as preparing 
demand plans and procurement plans, creating purchase 
requisitions, selecting suppliers, determining purchase 
prices, entering into framework agreements or procurement 
contracts, managing the supply process, conducting 
acceptance, handling returns, making payments, and 
accounting control.
For further information regarding the Group’s measures 
in relation to environmental compliance, safety and quality 
control, please refer to the sections headed “Environment”, 
“Health and Safety” and “Product Responsibility”.
Up to
standard?
NO
YES
Entering into
framework
agreements or
procurement
contracts
Determining
purchase prices
Selecting suppliers
Procurement plans
Purchase
requisitions
Demand plans
Accounting control
Payment
To Warehouse Get invoice
Managing
supply
process
Conducting
acceptance Returns
Handling 
claims
Post-purchase Evaluation

===== PAGE 70 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited68
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
By sustaining this strategic framework, we steadfastly 
honour our “Customer Quality First” pledge, elevating 
quality management from reactive firefighting to proactive 
prevention and joint innovation, and laying a solid foundation 
for exceptional customer satisfaction and sustainable mutual 
success.
The Group’s prime objective is to provide high quality 
products that fully conform to customers’ requirements 
and specifications. This commitment is fundamental to all 
work undertaken and is closely observed by all members 
of the Group in their daily activities. All products must 
strictly comply with the Group’s policy of operating Quality 
Management System that fully meets the requirements 
of ISO 9001 and IATF 16949 for automotive products and 
customer requirements for supplementary standards. This 
standard stipulates all processes from product development 
to completion of production and to after-sale services. In 
addition, Hazardous Substance Process Management is in 
place where procedures and related processes have been 
assessed and confirmed to be compliant with QC 080000. We 
have applied the “Greenhouse Gases Emissions verification 
statement” and “Carbon Footprint Assessment certificate”. 
Heyuan plant and Chengdu plant are accredited with ISO 
14001, ISO 45001, ISO 14064, ISO 14067 and ISO 50001 
certifications.
To ensure stringent quality management, the Group’s 
Incoming Quality Control Team screens the incoming 
materials by sampling scheme. Only good quality materials 
that meet the requirements are accepted for the production 
process. Similarly, finished goods go through a stringent 
quality check before being passed to the finished goods 
warehouse. The Quality Department and sales people also 
provide comprehensive service ranging from failure analysis 
and 8D reporting to production and process improvement 
when handling customer enquiries.
Automatic Optical Inspection (AOI) and Vision System Test 
(VST) are used by the TFT/TP module department of the 
plant for automatic screen inspection and automatic OTP 
program. Through automatic lighting of products, high-speed 
camera image capture, automatic image analysis, detection 
of product display defects, such as points, lines, dust spots, 
spots, mura, and electrical defects, and automatically product 
test information with product ID upload to MES system. 
The application of AOI and VST in machine vision will bring 
the cost lower than the labor rising cost, adapt to 24-hour 
uninterrupted and repetitive work, and the effect is stable.
As one of major automotive component suppliers, the Group 
is committed to building outstanding after-sales service into 
a key customer value and competitive advantage. To this 
end, we have established a systematic “Customer Quality 
Assurance and Collaborative Innovation System” that rests on 
three pillars:
1. Ra pid Response and Root Cause Elimination Mechanism 
(8D): we rigorously apply the 8D methodology under 
the “2485 Rule”: an initial reply within 2 hours advising 
containment; actionable information for interim 
protective measures within 48 hours to safeguard in-
transit or customer-side product; and a complete 
analysis with corrective actions within 5 days aimed at 
permanently eliminating the root cause.
2. Kn owledge Management & Recurrence-Prevention 
(Lessons Learned): we have established a regular 
process for reviewing and cascading lessons 
learned. Through cross-product-line and cross-plant 
collaborative meetings, improvement measures are 
systematically cascaded horizontally, transforming 
individual case experiences into organizational assets, 
thereby significantly enhancing quality prevention 
capabilities.
3. Strategic Collaboration & Value Co-Creation (Joint 
Improvement Programs): we proactively join forces 
with customers to launch dedicated joint-improvement 
projects targeting long-standing, complex issues. This 
deep collaboration not only eliminates “old, big, hard” 
problems but also cements strategic partnerships and 
directly elevates customer satisfaction.


===== PAGE 71 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 69
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
The Company regularly offers marketing training and lectures 
to marketers, strengthens the awareness of marketing, 
improves employees’ responsibility awareness continuously, 
and promotes the healthy development of the Company. 
During the year, the Company launches some special training 
sessions, e.g. the head of the customer service center shared 
the organizational structure, functional interpretation, 
business process, and operation management and etc., 
and discussed how the customer service team can better 
cooperate with other business departments to further 
improve customer satisfaction. We have established a quality 
control committee to prepare for future resource, mechanism 
and organization planning.
On 25 April 2025, the Company held its second Supplier 
Quality Conference with the theme “Tracing the Source, 
Leading with Quality” to promote high-quality market 
development.
The Company has built a complete supply chain ecosystem 
by continuously deepening the collaborative development 
of the industrial chain. At present, the Company has 
established cooperative relationships with more than 300 
upstream suppliers, built a sustainable industrial ecosystem, 
and achieved deep collaboration in the fields of technical 
cooperation research and development, supply and quality 
collaborative management, and industry benign ecological co-
construction.
Supply Chain R&D Quality
 deeply analyze the full lifecycle 
management system
 the practical path from “Following 
Innovation” to “Leading Innovation” 
in the context of rapid technological 
iteration
 highlight the “V+ Auto” strategy, 
emphasize collaborative 
relationship between technological 
breakthroughs and quality systems
 officially release the “Quality 
Strategy White Paper”, 
systematically outline the path to 
quality improvement
 collaborate with partners 
to formulate the 2025 SQM 
collaborative improvement plan 
based on 2024 quality performance
In response to rapidly changing market conditions, the Company will continue to optimize its quality control system. The 
Supplier Relationship Management (SRM) system is launched, as a key component of digital transformation, enabling more 
scientific, objective, comprehensive, and fair evaluations of suppliers’ daily operations. Monthly and annual assessments will be 
conducted based on T (technology), Q (quality), D (delivery) and C (cost), ensuring fair and transparent rewards and penalties, 
and providing partners with a more efficient, transparent, and professional collaboration platform.


===== PAGE 72 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited70
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
To promote continuous quality improvement, drive the development of BOEVx’ automotive business and achieve key project 
goals, and incentivize teams and individuals who have made significant contributions to the Company’s business objectives 
and quality management improvement, thereby enhancing BOEVx’ quality control standards, the quality control committee of 
BOEVx officially launched the quality TDR incentive mechanism in March 2025.
In late July 2025, BOEVx held its 2025 Mid-Year Work Seminar under the theme of “Reshaping the V+ Entrepreneurial 
Spirit and Achieving High-Quality Development of BOEVx.” This seminar aimed to further cultivate a culture of secondary 
entrepreneurship, fully stimulate the organization’s intrinsic creativity, cohesion, and combat effectiveness, drive the rapid 
growth of BOEVx’s innovative businesses, and solidify its leading position in the global automotive display industry.
In September 2025, under the overall planning of the quality management committee of BOEVx, the quality center together 
with the V1, V2 and V8 plants, held a series of quality month activities, which lasted for a month. BOEV’s overall quality target for 
2025 is “10001”, which not only reflects the ultimate pursuit of “zero defects” in products, but also embodies the determination 
to make a breakthrough from “0 to 1” in the continuous optimization of the management system.


===== PAGE 73 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 71
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Quality system optimization
 F ocus on customer quality  
and achieve No. 1 in quality 
performance
 Complete system audit and  
obtain evidence, customer audit 
pass rate is 100%
BOEVx Principles
Quality Policy: Pursue Excellence, Trace to the Root & Build the Foundation, 
Continuous Improvement, Win by Quality
1  Quality First
2  One Stop Solution Provider
3  Value-oriented Culture
4  Pragmaticism, Preciseness,  
Speed, Resoluteness
5  Integrity, Standardization, 
Transparency, Responsibility
1  P ursue Excellence: Go beyond mere compliance, aim to become the industry 
benchmark and deliver the ultimate customer experience.
2  Trace to the Root & Build the Foundation: Eliminate problems at their origin 
by establishing a traceable system that spans design, raw materials and 
processes, solidifying the bedrock of quality.
3  Continuous Improvement: Evolve dynamically through data-driven PDCA 
cycles, making improvement an ingrained organizational habit.
4  Win by Quality: Treat quality as strategy; reject price wars and build a brand 
moat through differentiated quality to secure long-term value.
Certificate
ISO 9001 Quality Management System Requirements
  
IATF 16949 Automotive Quality Management System Standard
  
QC 080000 Hazardous Substance Process Management System Requirements
  
ISO 14001 Environmental Management System Standard
  
ISO 14064 Greenhouse Gas Emissions Standard
  
ISO 14067 Greenhouse Gases-Carbon Footprint of Products-Quantification Requirements and Guidelines
  
ISO 45001 Occupational Health and Safety Management System Standard
  
ISO 26262 Road Vehicles Functional Safety Standard
  
ISO 27001 Information Security Management System Standard
  
ISO 21434 Automotive Cybersecurity Management System
  
ISO 50001 Energy Management System Requirements
  
TISAX Trusted Information Security Assessment Exchange Mechanism AL3 Label (Information-
Protection Label, Information-Confidentiality Label, Prototype-Protection Label)
  
ESD S20.20-2021 Electrostatic Discharge Protection Control System Standard

===== PAGE 74 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited72
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
SUSTAINABILITY ASSESSMENT 
QUESTIONNAIRE
SAQ (Sustainability Assessment Questionnaire) 5.0 
sustainability assessment effectively promotes the compliance 
of global automotive supply chain verification and conducts 
professional assessments (topics covered include corporate 
management, human rights and working conditions, health 
and safety, business ethics, environment, responsible 
supply chain management and responsible raw material 
procurement), and proposed corresponding improvement 
measures to help companies complete corresponding 
improvements and support measures.
During our assessment of SAQ 5.0, we received favorable 
scores in each category, achieving a satisfactory rating that 
surpasses the average standards of our industry and country, 
thus earning recognition.
Validate
Inquire Enhance
    Recomm
end
Corporate 
Management
Human Rights 
and Working Conditions
Health and
Safety
Business 
Ethics
Environment
Responsible Supply
Chain Management
Responsible Raw
Material Procurement
PROTECTION OF INTELLECTUAL 
PROPERTY RIGHTS
Recognizing that intellectual properties are important assets 
to an enterprise, the Group has always adhered to the 
concept of respect for intellectual property, being devoted 
to implementing protection for intellectual properties. The 
intellectual properties as possessed by the Group include 
but not limited to patents, trademarks, designs, copyrights 
and trade secrets, with protection scopes covering products, 
technologies, designs, processes, commercial information, 
video/audio/graphic materials, software and etc. These 
intellectual properties can be maintained and used in 
various legitimate ways such as application for registration, 
confidentiality measure, enforcement, litigation and etc. 
Suitable administration systems for intellectual properties are 
adopted both internally and externally. The Group respects 
intellectual property rights of independent third parties, 
particularly those of the cooperating parties of the Group, and 
proactively avoids unauthorized use of relevant intellectual 
properties. Contracts of cooperation projects will be reviewed 
by the involved parties before commencement, with security 
and confidentiality measures taken during the process. 
During the course of cooperation, confidentiality, licensing, 
acquisition and other agreements can be signed with mutual 
respect, for the sake of lawful acquirement and transfer of 
intellectual properties among the different parties, therefore 
achieving mutual benefits.
Varitronix (Heyuan) Display Technology Ltd. (“Varitronix (HY)”, 
a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, was recognized 
as the 2022 “National Intellectual Property Demonstration 
Enterprise” by the State Intellectual Property Office, becoming 
the first enterprise in Heyuan City to receive this honor, 
and realized Heyuan City’s national intellectual property 
demonstration enterprise zero breakthrough. The Company 
has established a comprehensive intellectual property 
management system and passed the certificate of intellectual 
property standards in 2022. Up to now, Varitronix (HY) has 
been granted a total of 119 patents, including 55 invention 
patents and 64 utility model patents, and has won 7 China 
Patent Excellence Awards for 4 consecutive years. Varitronix 
(Chengdu) Display Technology Co. Ltd., a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of the Company has been granted 9 patents, 
including 3 invention patents and 6 utility model patents. 
Varitronix Automobile Electronics (Huizhou) Co., Ltd., a wholly-
owned subsidiary of the Company has been granted 40 
patents, including 3 invention patents and 37 utility model 
patents.

===== PAGE 75 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 73
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
 Conduct regular special inspections as part of the  
safeguarding security campaign. Combine on-site 
inspections with internal self-inspections to ensure the 
effective implementation of all confidentiality measures.
 Create a series of training courses and promotional 
materials on trade secrets and information security. 
Conduct trade secret protection knowledge training 
for current employees, new employees, and partner 
vendors. Regularly conduct publicity and education 
activities, establish assessment mechanisms, and 
strengthen employees’ awareness of trade secret 
protection.
 B y conducting themed promotional videos, creating 
infographics on specific topics, conducting security 
awareness tests, and carrying out confidentiality risk 
assessments, we comprehensively enhance employees’ 
understanding of the importance of confidentiality and 
information security.
Information security and data privacy are a top priority. The 
stability and efficiency of our services depend on critical 
information systems and the secure transmission of data, and 
we are committed to respecting and protecting data privacy 
in all our operations and activities. To that end, we pay close 
attention to potential information security risks, and are 
diligent in our efforts to identify and quickly respond to any 
conceivable security incident or data breach, going to great 
lengths to protect the information entrusted to us by our 
clients and partners.
In September 2025, the Company held a process 
empowerment workshop to build a solid foundation for a 
digital closed loop of “process-oriented, data-supported, and 
system-implemented”.
DATA PROTECTION AND PRIVACY 
POLICIES
In order to gain trust from our stakeholders, the security 
of their personal information is important to us. The Group 
acknowledges the importance in handling the personal 
information carefully.
The Group understands stakeholders use their personal 
information for different purpose. Therefore, it is important 
for us to handle this information with care. To protect this 
information from any unauthorised access, accidental loss 
and destruction, the Group adopts appropriate security 
measures in the transfer and storage of the personal data.
INFORMATION SECURITY AND PRIVACY 
PROTECTION
Management and Prevention Measures
 Prom ote a shift in security focus. During digital 
transformation, integrate security requirements into 
every stage through the establishment of processes and 
mechanisms, and the configuration of checkpoints.
 I dentify information security and privacy protection risks 
through internalizing compliance requirements, routine 
security checks, and attack/defense drills. Conduct 
specific risk management for critical data security and 
privacy protection issues to reduce the probability of 
security incidents.
 Strengthen supply chain management, constrain 
supplier data processing behavior, and ensure 
corporate data security.
 Develop data security and p rivacy protection emergency 
plans to improve emergency response capabilities.


===== PAGE 76 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited74
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Quality and safety
BOEVx has passed the stringent certification 
audits for its network security system of ISO 
27001, ISO 21434 and TISAX, and gained 
independent third parties recognization 
again after review in 2025. This remarks our 
information-security management meets 
global high standards. “Information Security 
Policy” have been adhered for a long time, 
with application on cybersecurity controls 
across the product life cycle (concept, 
development, production, operation, 
maintenance and end-of-life). The relevant 
regulations are strictly complied for providing 
automotive customers with cybersecurity 
capabilities that meet industry best practices. 
The three certificates reinforce global 
customers’ trust on us.
In addition, the product and supply quality 
are continuously improved and assured 
through defined quality requirements 
covering design approval, new-product 
quality management, mass production and 
after-sales assurance.
By standardizing product quality requirements, from design 
approval, new product quality management, mass production 
and supply to after-sales quality warranty, we aim to 
continuously improve and ensure the quality of the Group’s 
products and ensure the quality of supply.


===== PAGE 77 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 75
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
ANTI-CORRUPTION
The Group maintains the highest levels of business ethics and 
integrity standards across all business activities, emphasizing 
that all operations must strictly comply with the laws and 
regulations of relevant jurisdictions, including but not limited 
to Hong Kong’s Prevention of Bribery Ordinance (Cap. 201 
of the Laws of Hong Kong), the Criminal Law of the People’s 
Republic of China (جand others, to ensure 
the compliance and sustainability of corporate operations.
The Group has formulated and implemented internal 
guidelines and policies, namely “Code of Conduct” and “Anti-
Corruption Policy”, aimed at conducting business in a clean, 
transparent, and lawful manner, while effectively preventing 
and eliminating any form of misconduct by employees, 
including corruption, bribery, extortion, and fraud. These 
measures encompass preventive, detective, and disciplinary 
aspects, with regular reviews and updates to ensure their 
effectiveness and adaptability. The Group requires all 
employees to annually sign and strictly adhere to the “BOEVx 
Declaration of Professional Ethics”, upholding ethical norms 
and professional integrity, fulfilling duties based on principles 
of honesty, fairness, and professionalism, strictly prohibiting 
the use of one’s position to engage in any form of bribery, 
soliciting personal benefits or advantages from business 
partners, and subjecting themselves to comprehensive 
internal oversight and compliance reviews.
During the reporting year, neither the Group nor its 
employees were involved in any concluded litigation cases 
related to corruption, bribery, extortion, or fraud. The Group 
is also not aware of any serious violations of relevant laws and 
regulations that have a material impact on the Group, which 
reflects the robust operation and ongoing commitment of the 
Group’s anti-corruption framework.
Travel Policy
Anti-corruption Policy
Code of Conduct
Establish the standards and approval 
procedures for the travel and 
business entertainment expense that occurs in the 
normal course of business.
The staff shall not engage in any 
form of corruption or bribery, 
shall not offer or accept any gifts, gratuities or 
entertainment that may be considered to have an 
unfair impact on business relationships.
Set the upper limit on the value of 
the gifts that the staff can accept; 
prohibit the staff from soliciting or accepting any 
benefits from business partner; procedures and 
reporting mechanisms for handling conflicts of 
interest.


===== PAGE 78 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited76
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
WHISTLEBLOWING MECHANISM
The Group is committed to upholding high standards of 
corporate governance and has established a comprehensive 
whistleblowing policy. This policy enables all employees to 
report serious concerns regarding any misconduct, fraud, or 
irregularities that have occurred or may potentially involve 
the Company or its subsidiaries. The scope of reporting 
includes, but is not limited to, violations of legal or regulatory 
requirements (such as bribery or fraudulent activities), as 
well as fraud, misconduct, or irregularities related to internal 
controls, accounting, auditing, and financial matters. The 
Group has set up dedicated whistleblowing channels to 
receive reports from whistleblowers on misconduct, including 
relevant details and evidence. To safeguard the overall 
interests of the Group, upon receiving a report, the Group 
will conduct an independent investigation into the alleged 
misconduct based on the actual circumstances, ensuring 
timely and appropriate handling.
The Group undertakes to handle all disclosed information 
with the utmost confidentiality and prudence, and will not 
reveal the personal identity of the whistleblower (where 
applicable) without their explicit consent. Any form of 
harassment or retaliation against good-faith whistleblowers 
will be regarded as a serious disciplinary violation, which, 
upon verification, may result in the dismissal of the individuals 
involved. The Group annually reviews the effectiveness of 
the whistleblowing policy and, where necessary, updates 
or introduces new policies to continuously strengthen the 
corporate governance framework and foster a culture of 
compliance.
Extract of whistleblowing policy
Investigation Procedure
Protection Record Retention
Reporting Channel Confidentiality
Depending upon the nature and particular circumstances of each complaint made, investigation would 
be conducted internally or by referring to external organisation
Whistleblower shall not suffer any form 
of intimidation, reprisal, retaliation or 
adverse reaction as a consequence of whistleblowing
All relevant information relating to the 
case shall be properly filed
Report to the Audit Committee via
designated email
May raise a concern anonymously or in 
confidence.
Will not disclose the identity of whistleblower without 
their consent


===== PAGE 79 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 77
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT, CHARITY AND STAFF WELLBEING
When planning social engagement activities, in addition 
to considering public welfare and charitable donation 
activities, we also consider social activity strategies, use core 
functions, pool internal and external resources and the 
strength of overseas bases to promote participation in social 
activities, while exerting social influence, creating corporate 
competitiveness and creating an environment where business 
and society prosper together.
As a responsible enterprise, the Group is committed to 
strengthening connections with the community, which 
includes participating in volunteer services, supporting 
charitable causes, and engaging in a variety of events that 
combine charity and sports to encourage care for the 
community and help for those in need. In 2025, the Group 
made charitable and other donations of over HK$252,062.
SCHOLARSHIP
Since 2012, Heyuan plant established a school-
enterprise cooperation with the Heyuan 
Polytechnic to enrol students in “Specialized 
BOEVx Class”. A scholarship is sponsored for 
outstanding students. In addition, the Group 
has also specially set up a “Specialized BOEVx 
Scholarship” to help students with financial 
needs to complete their studies.
As of the latest practicable date, the Group sponsored our 
employees to participate in various charity sports activities 
and company cultural and sports activities. These included:
Hong Kong  Standard Chartered Marathon
  
PRC  Heyuan 20 km Urban Waterfront Hiking Event 
 “Energy Boost, FUN Vitality” Competition
 Friendly Badminton Tournament
 The “Dragon Cup” Football League 
 Soccer Tournament

===== PAGE 80 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited78
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
CLIMATE-RELATED DISCLOSURES
The climate crisis is sweeping the globe, and no organization or individual can remain unaffected. Controlling anthropogenic 
greenhouse gas emissions is an essential path to mitigating the climate crisis. BOEVx, as a global leader in the automotive 
display field, has formulated robust greenhouse gas emission reduction targets and action plans based on its “Internet of 
Screen” development strategy and analysis of climate risks and opportunities, actively implementing a green and low-carbon 
transition.
Areas Actions taken
Governance:
Governance measures to 
address climate-related 
risks and opportunities
Board’s Oversight and Management’s Role
 the Board plays a central role in climate governance. The ESG risk 
management provides support and oversees the climate-related issues and 
report the Board regularly.
 formulate a climate change policy, guide our management approach to 
climate-related issues, and provide support and coordination for ESG issues.
   
Strategy:
Impacts of climate-related 
risks and opportunities on 
the Group’s businesses, 
strategies, and financial 
planning
Climate-related Risks and Opportunities
 the risks of extreme weather and earthquake caused by climate change 
as these can damage our plants and facilities. In the long term, prolonged 
extremely hot weather also poses health risks to workers.
 transitional risks, such as changing policies, potential increment in energy 
costs, and the need for green materials. 
 an opportunity in the transition to a low-carbon economy, such as reduction 
in operating costs due to higher energy usage efficiency facilitated by 
technology advancement.
   
Risk Management:
The process of identifying, 
assessing and managing 
relevant climate-related 
risks
Climate Risk Assessment
 to assess climate change may pose the operation into the physical and 
transitional risks, and incorporate them into the sustainability strategy. Risk 
management and internal control system should consider ESG and climate-
related issues.
I. Climate Governance
We have established an evolving climate risk management 
architecture which enables the comprehensive monitoring 
and assessment of climate change impacts on business 
strategy and operational resilience, providing decision-making 
support for systematic climate risk/opportunity management 
and disclosure.
The Group integrates the management of climate change, 
a material ESG topic, into the Company’s ESG governance 
structure, as the Board serves as the highest decision-making 
body for climate change matters (covering Hong Kong, Heyuan 
and Chengdu), with the support of the functional departments 
and the ESG risk management team. We have implemented 
evaluation mechanisms. Assessment and optimization of ESG 
status and progress are conducted on an ongoing basis.

===== PAGE 81 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 79
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
The Board may decide whether to take climate considerations into account in the remuneration policy, or which individuals (e.g. 
functional departments) are covered by such a policy.
Organizational 
structure Hierarchy Responsibilities Frequency
Board of 
Directors
Decision-
making level
 Responsible for overseeing and reviewing matters related to climate change;
 Receive reports from the safety working committee on climate change and 
make recommendations.
Every half 
year
        
Safety working 
committee
Management 
level
 Assist the Board in overseeing and reviewing matters related to sustainable 
development, including climate change;
 Organize and implement the Company’s decisions related to climate change;
 Organize and formulate overall strategies and plans for addressing climate 
change;
 Research carbon neutrality policy trends and industry dynamics, set carbon 
neutrality targets, and monitor the progress of carbon neutrality and 
strategy implementation.
Every 
quarter
        
Safety and 
environmental 
protection 
office
Executive level
 Report to the safety working committee on the progress of work in the fields 
of carbon neutrality and climate change regularly;
 Establish operational mechanisms and processes related to carbon 
neutrality operations, and coordinate carbon neutrality and management, 
promoting cross-departmental collaboration in carbon neutrality work;
 Conduct training on carbon neutrality and management methods, 
technologies, and general knowledge;
 Participate in the development of carbon neutrality-related standards 
and initiatives, and carbon neutrality scenarios, taking into account the 
reasonable needs and expectations of stakeholders.
Daily
II. Climate S trategy and Decision-making
We strategically integrated ESG considerations into investment decisions through forward-looking climate governance. The 
Company dynamically updates its credit risk management in accordance with national policies, regulatory requirements, and 
industry characteristics. Our green investment focus incorporates climate-related assessments of counterparties, projects, and 
industries and formulate a negative/restricted project list to mitigate climate-related strategic risks. Our assessment involves 
uncertainty due to the methodologies used to project the impacts of these risks. The primary source of this uncertainty is the 
reliance on climate models, which require various assumptions about the frequency, intensity, and geographical distribution of 
climate events to estimate future conditions.
Strategy and decision-making
Climate-related
risks and
opportunities
Business model
and value chain Climate resilience
Financial position,
ﬁnancial performance
and cash ﬂow
Based on our industrial layout and development plan, as well as a systematic analysis of our own greenhouse gas emission 
characteristics, we have established a climate strategy that combines carbon reduction in our own operations with carbon 
reduction in the value chain. We have set low-carbon strategic goals: carbon peaking in 2030, and carbon neutrality in our own 
operations in 2050. Based on technological conditions and operational status, we will strive to achieve this strategic goal ahead 
of schedule.

===== PAGE 82 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited80
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
We selected climate scenarios from the IEA’s World Energy 
Outlook report to analyze the current and future climate 
transition opportunities that the Company is facing, enabling 
us to adopt appropriate response strategies. We chose the 
2050 Net Zero Emissions Scenario (NZES), which aligns with 
a 1.5°C temperature rise, as the low-emissions scenario; the 
Announced Pledges Scenario (APS), which incorporates the 
Company’s global strategic layout, overseas market activities, 
and the climate policies of the countries where its operations 
are located, as the intermediate-emissions scenario; and 
the Stated Policies Scenario (STEPS), representing a normal 
business path, as the high-emissions scenario for our 
evaluation. The transition opportunity analysis focuses on 
the market growth potential of the Company’s core business 
segments. Based on industry development trend predictions 
and combined with the Company’s business characteristics, 
we simulated and evaluated the growth opportunities of 
energy transition paths in various scenarios.
III. Risk Man agement
Climate-related risks and considerations have been integrated 
into the Group’s risk management framework for the 
identification, assessment, management and reporting of 
risks across multiple risk domains (including but not limited 
to governance, operational and strategic risks). The Group 
mandates a consistent and effective approach applied across 
the Group to manage the risks associated with our business 
and operations. This helps us with decisions relating to our 
operations, and product and service development, which in 
turn affect our medium- to long-term financial planning and 
strategic decisions.
We align the climate initiatives with the recommendations 
of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures 
(TCFD) and the IFRS S2 Climate-related Disclosures. Our 
comprehensive climate management framework spans key 
dimensions (e.g. governance, strategy, risk management, 
metrics and targets) and systematically enhances resilience to 
climate-related risks.
(1) Climate-related Risks and Opportunities
Understanding the diverse actual and potential impacts of 
climate change on our business is crucial for our long-term 
sustainability. Guided by national laws, regulations, and listed 
company governance requirements, the Group systematically 
identifies, categorizes, and assesses climate risks across 
physical and transition risks to minimize their operational 
and strategic impacts. We identify climate-related risks and 
opportunities, reviewed their impact on the Group’s business 
model (including resource allocation) and value chain, and 
assessed the potential financial and non-financial implications 
where applicable. The following are climate-related risks and 
opportunities that may affect the Group:
(1) Climate Resilience
Based on the identified climate-related risks and opportunities 
that have the potential to influence our business strategy, 
operations and financial planning, we regularly assess the 
resilience of our strategy and business model to climate-
related changes, developments, and uncertainties by analysing 
a diverse range of scenarios. For instance, physical risks, such 
as typhoons, landslides, heatwaves, earthquake and storms, 
may be high for larger geographies but can be mitigated for 
certain assets given their more specific locations. Based on 
our relevant policy ambitions, market behaviours, and energy 
and carbon prices to formulate decisions on strengthening 
climate resilience and risk management.
(2) Climate Scenario Analysis
We qualitatively assess the potential impact of key climate 
risks and opportunities under different climate scenarios 
on the Company’s business operations and financial 
performance, in order to help the Company strengthen 
its climate resilience and make timely strategic and risk 
management decisions.
During the reporting period, we conducted entity risk 
scenario analysis on the Company’s assets with substantial 
impact (mainly relate to Heyuan plant and Chengdu 
plant). We referenced the Sixth Assessment Report of 
the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) 
and selected the Shared Socioeconomic Pathways (SSPs) 
scenario for analysis. When analyzing the aforementioned 
entity transition risk scenarios, we used the climate scenario 
model of the Network of Central Banks and Supervisors for 
Greening the Financial System (NGFS) to assess the potential 
risks under the “zero-carbon strategy” transition path; 
simultaneously, we used the climate scenario analysis in the 
International Energy Agency’s (IEA) — World Energy Outlook 
2025 to analyze transition opportunities.

===== PAGE 83 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 81
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Climate risk impact analysis and countermeasure
Category Risk type Risk description Countermeasure Financial impact
Time 
horizon
Physical 
risks
Acute risks  The Group is exposed 
to are tied to the 
potential impact of 
extreme events (e.g. 
typhoons, landslides, 
heatwaves, earthquake 
and storms) and the 
availability of climate-
sensitive energy 
and water inputs. If 
acute physical risks 
materialise, some may 
pose risks to disrupt 
operations, affect the 
Group’s assets and 
endanger employee 
safety, resulting in both 
reputational damage 
and direct loss of 
revenue.
 Implement real-time 
climate monitoring and 
iterative emergency 
response protocols.
 Establish flexible 
work mechanisms 
and periodic disaster 
prevention facility 
inspections.
 Deploy multi-layered 
risk mitigation 
strategies.
 Plan to establish a 
natural disasters 
emergency plan and 
to provide certain 
trainings to the staff.
 The revenue of the 
Group may reduce due 
to extreme weather 
events.
 Facilities may be 
damaged due to 
extreme weather 
events, resulting in an 
increase in solid waste, 
insurance premiums, 
and operating costs.
 Fixed assets may be 
damaged, reducing 
their value.
 The supply chain, 
logistics and 
transportation may 
be delayed due to 
extreme weather 
events, resulting in 
failure in delivery on 
time and damage to 
reputation.
Short to 
medium 
term
          
Acute risks  Ope rational Disruption: 
display device 
manufacturing is 
highly dependent on 
a high-quality water 
supply; disruptions 
to this supply will 
lead to operational 
interruptions.
 Construct a wastewater  
recycling system.
 Construct a 
comprehensive 
rainwater harvesting 
and utilization system.
 Develop and 
implement a planned 
water use system.
 Limited production 
capacity, reduced 
shipments, and 
decreased revenue.
Long term
          
Chronic risks  Gradual changes in 
climate (e.g. changes 
in mean temperatures, 
water availability and 
rising sea-levels) have 
the potential to impact 
the Company’s plant 
and infrastructure, 
operation and 
manpower.
 Integrate climate risks 
into enterprise-wide 
risk management 
frameworks. 
 Enhance energy 
efficiency and resource 
productivity through 
targeted infrastructure 
upgrades.
 Revenue reduces from 
decreased service 
capacity and the 
negative impacts of 
workforce.
 The scarcity of natural 
resources increases 
operating costs.
 Increased safety 
and health risks for 
employees due to hot 
weather.
Long term
 
  
        

===== PAGE 84 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited82
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Category Risk type Risk description Countermeasure Financial impact
Time 
horizon
Transition 
risks
Policy and 
legal risk
 Evolving carbon 
emission regulations 
may increase 
environmental 
compliance costs.
 The market’s demand 
for and requirements 
regarding climate-
related information 
disclosure are 
constantly increasing, 
and related compliance 
and governance 
guidelines are also 
being affected.
 The government may 
restrict the use of the 
traditional fuel vehicles 
by the environmental 
services sector and 
provide the allowances 
to those entities which 
purchase hybrid 
vehicles.
 Align with China’s dual 
carbon goals through 
dynamic regulatory 
monitoring.
 Strengthen legal 
compliance systems 
for domestic and 
international climate-
related requirements.
 Purchase more 
hybrid vehicles 
for the business 
operations to obtain 
the corresponding 
allowances and 
subsidies.
 Monitor the updates 
of the relevant laws 
and agreements, to 
avoid the unnecessary 
increase in cost and 
expenditure due to 
non-compliance.
 Operating cost 
increases for the 
increased insurance 
premiums paid by the 
Group.
 Increasingly stringent 
environmental 
supervision and 
penalties.
 Increased operating 
costs for information 
disclosure.
Short to 
medium 
term
          
Technological 
risk
 Acce lerated low-carbon 
innovation under 
regulatory pressures 
may elevate green 
technology investment 
and costs.
 Market shifts towards 
advanced or low-
carbon technologies 
which are disrupting 
existing business 
models, assets, or 
competitiveness.
 Drive technological 
innovation through 
strategic partnerships 
in carbon trading and 
energy conservation.
 Continuously upgrade 
internal energy-
saving equipment 
and maintenance 
protocols.
 Capital investment 
in technology 
development 
increases.
 Operating cost 
increases due to the 
adoption of green 
technologies.
Medium 
term

===== PAGE 85 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 83
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Category Risk type Risk description Countermeasure Financial impact
Time 
horizon
Transition 
risks
Supply chain 
carbon 
reduction
 Value chain carbon 
reduction pressure: 
downstream 
customers are 
increasingly focused 
on and demanding 
higher standards for 
corporate carbon 
reduction pathways, 
overall climate 
transition planning, 
and product carbon 
footprints. To respond 
to customer needs, the 
Company will increase 
organizational-level 
carbon accounting, 
product carbon 
footprint accounting, 
and carbon reduction 
expenditures.
 Supplier management: 
establish a supply chain 
management center to 
incorporate low-carbon 
transformation of the 
supply chain into its 
management scope.
 Low-carbon design: 
collaborate with 
customers to reduce 
carbon emissions 
during raw material 
acquisition through 
low-power design, 
lightweight design, and 
the reasonable use of 
recycled materials.
 Low-Carbon 
manufacturing: use 
green electricity 
instead of conventional 
electricity.
 Promoting green 
procurement and 
green logistics 
increases supply chain 
costs.
 Upgrading the 
Company’s carbon 
management level 
leads to increased 
operating costs.
Short to 
medium 
term
          
Stakeholder 
expectations
 Increasing investor 
emphasis on ESG 
performance metrics 
may trigger portfolio 
adjustments if 
climate concerns 
are inadequately 
addressed.
 Maintain proactive 
engagement with 
stakeholders on 
climate issues.
 Ensure high-quality 
ESG disclosures to 
address investor 
expectations and 
safeguard corporate 
value.
 Revenue decreases for 
the change in revenue 
mix and sources.
Medium 
term
Short term: current and up to 5 years, Medium term: 5 to 10 years, Long term: beyond 10 years

===== PAGE 86 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited84
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Opportunities Financial impact
We are committed to pursuing net-zero emissions and 
leading by example in facilitating the low-carbon transition 
via our climate strategy, and we believe our actions would 
enhance the Group’s profile as sustainability and climate 
champions.
 Resource efficiency: repeated updates to processes and 
technologies improve resource utilization.
 Energy sources: energy structure adjustments lead to a 
more abundant supply of renewable energy.
 Products and services: increased demand for high-end 
smart automotive display products.
 Market: growth in the new energy vehicle market 
increases demand for automotive display products.
 Resilience: developing climate adaptability enhances 
corporate resilience and promotes sustainable 
development.
 Operating cost reduces through use of lowest cost 
abatement.
 Operating cost reduces through efficiency gains and cost 
reductions.
(2) Management Measures
a. Energy Management
We strictly abide by the national “Measures for Energy 
Conservation Management of Key Energy-Consuming Units” 
and establish and improve our energy management system in 
accordance with the requirements of relevant standards such 
as the “Energy Management System Requirements”, ensuring 
its effective operation. In 2025, we completed 17 energy-
saving measures, efficiently operated the waste heat recovery 
system, and steadily improved energy utilization efficiency. 
For details, please refer the “Use of Resources — Energy 
Utilization” section of the report.
b. Renewable Energy Use
We increase the proportion of renewable energy used 
through the development of photovoltaics, waste heat 
recovery, purchasing green electricity, and purchasing green 
electricity certificates, in order to reduce dependence on 
traditional fossil fuels and greenhouse gas emissions. Please 
refer the “Use of Resources — Energy Utilization” section of 
the report.
c. Water Resource Management
We have established and implemented the Company’s 
“Water Conservation Management System” and configured 
comprehensive water supply and drainage facilities and 
wastewater recycling facilities to address potential water 
shortage risks. Please refer the “Use of Resources — Water 
Resources Management” section of the report.
d. Carbon Emission Management
We have established and implemented the Company’s “Carbon 
Peaking and Carbon Neutrality Management System” and 
“Greenhouse Gas Emission Accounting and Reporting System”, 
calculating and evaluating the organization level’s greenhouse 
gas emissions and removal status annually to guide low-
carbon strategy decisions. Since 2023, we have invited 
independent third parties and professional organizations to 
conduct greenhouse gas emission verification of our plant 
facilities every year, and the verification certificates have been 
disclosed on the Company’s website.
e. Product Carbon Footprint Management
We have established and implemented the Company’s 
“Product Carbon Footprint Accounting Management System”. 
Since 2024, we have quantified the carbon footprint of our 
products in accordance with “ISO 14067-2018 Greenhouse 
Gases-Carbon Footprint of Products — Quantification 
Requirements and Guidelines” and invited the independent 
third parties to conduct independent verification and 
certification. We have set a target of reducing our product 
carbon footprint by 2% by 2025 compared to 2024, and 
achieve this target by implementing green design, green 
procurement, green manufacturing, and green logistics. 
In 2025, we completed carbon footprint accounting for 7 
products and commissioned the independent third parties 
to complete carbon footprint evaluation for 2 products, 
disclosing the evaluation  results on the Company’s website.

===== PAGE 87 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 85
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
We actively promote green and low-carbon manufacturing 
practices among raw material manufacturers to achieve green 
and low-carbon raw materials. A supplier survey conducted in 
2025 revealed that 28% of our material suppliers had passed 
green factory evaluations and energy management system 
certifications, 30% had conducted product carbon footprint 
assessments, 46% had conducted greenhouse gas emission 
statistics, 49% used green electricity, and 93% had passed 
environmental management system certifications. This 
demonstrates the high “green content” of our raw materials.
Simultaneously, we deeply implement the concept of 
sustainable development and are building green plants. 
Both of Heyuan and Chengdu plant have been recognized 
as national-level green factories in 2025, and Chengdu 
plant has also passed the 2025 Chengdu near-zero carbon 
emission industrial enterprise construction acceptance test, 
representing an excellent level of green manufacturing in the 
industry.
f. Green Technology Innovation
At CES 2026, with “Technology + Green” as our core theme, 
has created three major technology brands, HERO 2.0 
intelligent cockpit, intelligent cockpit system solutions, 
innovative applications, and green energy saving, showcasing 
its profound accumulation and new breakthroughs in the 
field of intelligent cockpit and scenario innovation. We 
have repeatedly developed a series of high-quality, low-
power consumption, lightweight, easily disassembled, and 
recyclable automotive display solutions through its low-power 
consumption OLED and Oxide product technologies.
Technological innovation, green sustainability and artificial intelligence
Global green mobility and smart cities — leading the intelligent upgrade of two-wheel vehicles


===== PAGE 88 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited86
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
g. Green Deposits
In order to contribute to the future of sustainable development, the Company has participated in a green deposit program. 
This deposit once again highlights the Company’s implementation and commitment to the concept of green sustainable 
development, fully embodies the spirit of ESG, and establishes a milestone with the Company’s determination to sustainable 
development. We follow the spirit of ESG, with the vision of minimizing environmental impact and at the same time combine the 
Company’s sustainable development ambitions to create opportunities to achieve shared ESG goals, and promote sustainable 
development.
h. Internal Carbon Prices
The Group assesses the increase in carbon price in Hong Kong 
and the PRC under both NGFS 2050 net-zero and current 
policy scenarios in the short, medium and long-term. We are 
controlling our own carbon emissions by actively adopting 
green electricity and implementing green and low-carbon 
upgrades, while simultaneously influencing our suppliers to 
implement green and low-carbon transformations in order to 
cope with the potential risk of rising carbon emission costs.
IV. Metrics and Targets
(1) Greenhouse Gas Emissions
We prepare GHG emission inventory and GHG audit reports 
in accordance with “ISO 14064-1 Greenhouse gases — Part 
1: Specification with guidance at the organization level for the 
quantification and reporting of greenhouse gas emissions 
and removals” and “Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate 
Accounting and Reporting Standard” annually. We also engage 
professional organizations to verify our GHG emission data 
and reports in accordance with “ISO 14064-3 Greenhouse 
gases — Part 3: Specification with guidance for the verification 
and validation of greenhouse gas statements”.


===== PAGE 89 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 87
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
1) Location-based greenhouse gas emissions
The greenhouse gas emissions data in Scope 2 of this report are location-based and use the national average carbon dioxide 
emission factor of 0.5306kgCO 2/kWh for electricity in 2023, which was published by the Ministry of Ecology and Environment of 
China in December 2025. This is different from the market-based results reported in previous years.
Greenhouse gas emissions from production base (location-based)
2024 2025
Category Unit Heyuan Chengdu Total Heyuan Chengdu Total
Year-to-year 
Comparison
Greenhouse gas emissions 
(Scope 1: Direct emissions) tCO2e 4,744.80 432.04 5,176.84 1,281.32 248.92 1,530.24 –70.4%
                  
Greenhouse gas emissions 
(Scope 2: Indirect emissions) tCO2e 54,290.46 20,816.95 75,107.41 51,865.18 22,879.51 74,744.69 –0.5%
                  
Self-operated greenhouse gas 
emissions
a tCO2e 59,035.26 21,248.99 80,284.25 53,146.50 23,128.43 76,274.93 –5.0%
                  
Self-operated greenhouse 
gas emissions per RMB1,000 
million of production volume tCO
2e 10,776 5,122 8,339 9,682 4,003 6,770 –18.8%
                  
Self-operated greenhouse 
gas emissions per thousand 
products tCO2e 1.085 1.991 1.234 0.893 1.935 1.067 –13.5%
                  
Self-operated greenhouse gas 
emissions per HK$1,000 million 
in revenue tCO2e / / 5,970 / / 5,465 –8.5%
                  
Greenhouse gas emissions 
(Scope 3: Indirect emissions) tCO2e 1,952,003c 2,471,998 4,424,001 1,855,461 2,780,005 4,635,466 +4.8%
                  
Greenhouse gas emissions 
across the entire value chain tCO
2e 2,011,038 2,493,247 4,504,285 1,908,607 2,803,133 4,711,740 +4.6%
                  
Carbon credit purchase 
amount
b tCO2e 0 0 0 121 121 /
Note:
a. T he carbon emissions listed in this table refer to location-based greenhouse gas emissions, not offset by carbon credits, and cover the seven types 
greenhouse gases controlled under the Kyoto Protocol and its amendments. The 2025 carbon emission data has not been verified by independent 
third parties and may deviate from verification results, especially the low quality of the emission data in Scope 3 (due to objective limitations), and is for 
reference only.
b. Ca rbon credits are Carbon Decrement of Chengdu Emission Reduction (CDCERs) purchased through the “Tan Hui Tian Fu” mechanism for Chengdu 
plant, used for the construction and acceptance requirement of near-zero carbon industrial enterprises in Chengdu. The 121 tonnes of carbon credits 
purchased were generated from an ecological and environmental project, based on natural carbon elimination.
c. The Company’s products are electrical products. The main reason for the increase in greenhouse gas emissions in Scope 3 during the reporting period 
is the increase in product shipments. The carbon emissions during the use phase of the products increase accordingly, which is normal.

===== PAGE 90 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited88
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
2) Market-based greenhouse gas emissions
The greenhouse gas emissions data in Scope 2 of this report are based on market-based calculations, and the carbon dioxide 
emissions of conventional electricity use the national average carbon dioxide emission factor of 0.6096 kgCO 2/kWh for 
electricity (excluding non-fossil energy electricity traded in the market) in 2023, which was published by the Ministry of Ecology 
and Environment of China in December 2025.
Greenhouse gas emissions from production base (market-based)
2024 2025
Category Unit Heyuan Chengdu Total Heyuan Chengdu Total
Year-to-year 
Comparison
Greenhouse gas emissions 
(Scope 1: Direct emissions) tCO2e 4,744.8 432.04 5,176.84 1,281.32 248.92 1,530.24 –70.4%
                  
Greenhouse gas emissions 
(Scope 2: Indirect 
emissions) tCO2e 40,489.22a 0b 40,489.22 38,251.29 14,284.43 52,535.72 +29.8%
                  
Self-operated greenhouse 
gas emissionsa tCO2e 45,234.02 432.04 45,666.06 39,532.61 14,533.35 54,065.96 +18.4%
                  
Self-operated greenhouse 
gas emissions per 
RMB1,000 million of 
production volumea tCO
2e 8,257 104 4,743 7,202 3,327 5,215 +10.0%
                  
Self-operated greenhouse 
gas emissions per 
thousand products tCO
2e 0.832 0.040 0.702 0.664 1.608 0.822 +17.1%
                  
Self-operated greenhouse 
gas emissions per HK$1,000 
million in revenue tCO2e / / 3,396 / / 3,874 +14.1%
                  
Greenhouse gas emissions 
(Scope 3: Indirect 
emissions) tCO2e 1,952,003c 2,471,998 4,424,001 1,855,461 2,780,005 4,635,465 +4.8%
                  
Greenhouse gas emissions 
across the entire value 
chain tCO2e 1,997,237 2,472,430 4,469,667 1,894,993 2,794,538 4,689,531 +4.9%
Notes
a. Heyuan plant corrected its total electricity consumption data for 2024 and calculated carbon emissions for Scope 2 based on the latest emission 
factors.
b. In August 2025, Chengdu plant verified 40,450 green electricity certificates, declaring their use for green electricity consumption in 2024, achieving a 
100% green electricity consumption rate for that year. Therefore, the greenhouse gas emissions for Scope 2 are calculated to be 0 based on market 
data.
c. Heyuan plant  has improved the quality of its Scope 3 greenhouse gas emission accounting work and updated its 2024 Scope 3 carbon emission data.

===== PAGE 91 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 89
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
(2) Progress O f The Targets
Key approach and activities How we measure performance Target status
Climate resilience
Integrate climate change 
considerations and measures 
throughout the asset lifecycle to 
ensure assets are resilient and 
positioned to thrive in a climate-
affected future.
 Conduct climate risk 
assessments to understand 
asset-level climate-related risks 
and opportunities.
 Formulate asset adaptation 
plans in response to identified 
climate risks & opportunities.
1 By 2030
Climate adaptation and resilience plans set 
for all relevant investments and operations to 
protect value at risk.
Progressing 
    
2 By 2026
All new and existing investments and operations 
assessed for potential climate-related physical 
and transition risks.
Progressing
  
      
Transition to a low carbon 
economy 
Support our investments, 
operations and value chain 
through targeted efforts as 
we transition to a low carbon 
economy.
 Prioritise the use of smart and 
efficient sustainable product 
design, development and 
operation.
 Renewable energy 
development and 
procurement.
 Purchase necessary carbon 
credits to offset unavoidable 
carbon emissions in order to 
achieve carbon neutrality.
 Collaborate with our value 
chain, including suppliers, 
customers and industry 
partners, to further reduce our 
carbon intensity.
1 By 2050
Undertake to achieve self-operated  
“carbon neutrality”
a by 2050.
Progressing
    
2 By 2045
Chengdu plant achieves self-operated carbon 
neutrality.
In 2025, Chengdu plant passed 
the Chengdu near-zero carbon 
emission industrial enterprise 
construction acceptance.
    
3 By 2030
The overall carbon emissions of the production 
base reaches their peak, and Chengdu plant 
achieves and maintains 100% renewable energy 
use, with carbon emissions decreased by 
30% compared to 2023. The carbon emission 
intensity of Heyuan plant decreased by 35% 
compared to 2023.
In 2025, the proportion of 
renewable energy use in 
Chengdu plant 47%.
    
4 By 2028
The carbon emissions of Chengdu plant reaches 
their peak. The carbon emission intensity of 
Heyuan plant decreased by 20% compared to 
2023.
In 2025, carbon emissions from 
Chengdu plant decreased by 
20.2% compared to 2023.
    
5 By 2025
The carbon emission intensity of Heyuan plant 
decreased by 70% compared to 2018.
In 2025, carbon emissions per 
unit of production volume from 
Heyuan plant decreased by 
77.9% compared to 2018  
(market-based).
  
  
    

===== PAGE 92 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited90
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Key approach and activities How we measure performance Target status
Natural resources conservation
Responsible and efficient 
consumption of natural resources 
and proactively managing nature-
related risks and impacts.
 Provide water-saving plants 
that avoid water use and 
conserve natural resources.
 Diversion of waste back 
into the economic benefit 
through reuse or recycling, 
and reducing dependence on 
natural resources.
1 By 2030
Integrate energy, water, and waste efficiency 
planning into the asset operation of all new and 
existing investment projects.
Progressing
    
2 By 2028
Water intake intensity at Chengdu plant 
decreases by 15% compared to 2023.
Water consumption per unit of 
production volume for Chengdu 
plant decreased by 15.7% in 
2025 compared to 2023
    
3 By 2025
Water intake intensity at Heyuan plant 
decreased by 80% compared to 2018.
Water consumption per unit of 
production volume for Heyuan 
plant decreased by 70.1% in 
2025 compared to 2018.
Note:
a. Self-operated carbon neutrality refers to the Company achieving zero-
carbon emissions from its own operations through a combination of 
internal emission reduction and external offsetting.
b. Unless otherwise specified, the carbon emission data used in the  
calculation of greenhouse gas emission reduction targets refer to 
market-based calculation result.
(3) Capital Deployment
We consider and select eligible green and social projects for 
financing based on a set of detailed eligibility criteria and 
manages projects’ environmental and social risks. Decisions 
are then reported to the Board for approval.
The Company has participated in a green deposit program 
underscores our commitment to and dedication to green and 
sustainable development.
We have invested sufficient funds in the construction 
and operation of environmental protection facilities and 
environmental management systems. During the reporting 
period, HK$7,700,000 was invested in environmental 
protection, representing 0.06% of the Company’s total 
revenue.

===== PAGE 93 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 91
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
APPENDIX 1
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORTING CODE OF HONG KONG STOCK 
EXCHANGE
Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs
A. Environmental PAGE NUMBER
Aspect A1: Emissions
KPI A1.1 The types of emissions and respective emissions data. 29–30, 33–34
     
KPI A1.2 [Repealed 1 January 2025] /
     
KPI A1.3 Total hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity 
(e.g. per unit of production volume, per facility).
37
     
KPI A1.4 Total non-hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, 
intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume, per facility).
37
     
KPI A1.5 Description of emission target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. 27–29, 31–33
     
KPI A1.6 Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are handled, and a 
description of reduction target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them.
35–37
Aspect A2: Use of Resources
KPI A2.1 Direct and/or indirect energy consumption by type (e.g. electricity, gas or oil) 
in total (kWh in ’000s) and intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume, per 
facility).
49–50
     
KPI A2.2 Water consumption in total and intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume, 
per facility).
42
     
KPI A2.3 Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve 
them.
45–51
     
KPI A2.4 Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for 
purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them.
39–41, 43–44
     
KPI A2.5 Total packaging material used for finished products (in tonnes) and, if 
applicable, with reference to per unit produced.
51–52
Aspect A3: The Environment and Natural Resources
KPI A3.1 Description of the significant impacts of activities on the environment and 
natural resources and the actions taken to manage them.
53–54
Aspect A4:
Climate Change
[Repealed 1 January 2025]
KPI A4.1 [Repealed 1 January 2025] /

===== PAGE 94 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited92
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs
B. Social
Employment and Labour Practices
Aspect B1: Employment
KPI B1.1 Total workforce by gender, employment type (for example, full- or part-time), 
age group and geographical region.
59–60
     
KPI B1.2 Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and geographical region. 55, 59–60
Aspect B2: Health and Safety
KPI B2.1 Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in each of the past three 
years including the reporting year.
59
     
KPI B2.2 Lost days due to work injury. 59
     
KPI B2.3 Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, and how 
they are implemented and monitored.
55–59
Aspect B3: Development and Training
KPI B3.1 The percentage of employees trained by gender and employee category (e.g. 
senior management, middle management).
60
     
KPI B3.2 The average training hours completed per employee by gender and employee 
category.
60
Aspect B4: Labour Standards
KPI B4.1 Description of measures to review employment practices to avoid child and 
forced labour.
62–63
     
KPI B4.2 Description of steps taken to eliminate such practices when discovered. 62–63

===== PAGE 95 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 93
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs
Operating Practices
Aspect B5: Supply Chain Management
KPI B5.1 Number of suppliers by geographical region. 65
     
KPI B5.2 Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers 
where the practices are being implemented, and how they are implemented 
and monitored.
63–67
     
KPI B5.3 Description of practices used to identify environmental and social risks along 
the supply chain, and how they are implemented and monitored.
66
     
KPI B5.4 Description of practices used to promote environmentally preferable products 
and services when selecting suppliers, and how they are implemented and 
monitored.
66
Aspect B6: Product Responsibility
KPI B6.1 Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to recalls for safety and 
health reasons.
67
     
KPI B6.2 Number of products and service related complaints received and how they 
are dealt with.
67
     
KPI B6.3 Description of practices relating to observing and protecting intellectual 
property rights.
72
     
KPI B6.4 Description of quality assurance process and recall procedures. 67–72
     
KPI B6.5 Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, and how they 
are implemented and monitored.
73
Aspect B7: Anticorruption
KPI B7.1 Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practices brought against 
the issuer or its employees during the reporting period and the outcomes of 
the cases.
75
     
KPI B7.2 Description of preventive measures and whistle-blowing procedures, and how 
they are implemented and monitored.
76
     
KPI B7.3 Description of anti-corruption training provided to directors and staff. 61
Community
Aspect B8: Community Investment
KPI B8.1 Focus areas of contribution (e.g. education, environmental concerns, labour 
needs, health, culture, sport).
77
     
KPI B8.2 Resources contributed (e.g. money or time) to the focus area. 77

===== PAGE 96 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited94
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND   
SENIOR MANAGEMENT
DIRECTOR’S BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION
SU Ning
aged 45, is appointed as the Chairman of the Board with 
effect from October 2025. He is an executive Director and 
the Chief Executive Officer of the Company appointed since 
April 2016 and January 2019 respectively. He was appointed 
as a Co-chief Executive Officer of the Company in April 2016 
before redesignated to the current position. Mr. Su is a 
chairman of the nomination committee (the “Nomination 
Committee”) and the investment committee of the Company 
(the “Investment Committee”), a member of the remuneration 
Committee of the Company (the “Remuneration Committee”) 
and a director of various subsidiaries of the Group.
Mr. Su holds doctorate of advanced professional studies 
in applied finance from the University of Geneva, master’s 
degree in control engineering from the Graduate School of 
Chinese Academy of Sciences and is a senior engineer of 
electronic components and materials.
Since 2005, Mr. Su had served as a deputy division chief in 
the module technical department, a deputy department head 
in the new application business department, the division 
chief, a deputy general manager in the application business 
department of Beijing BOE Optoelectronics Technology Co., 
Ltd. (a subsidiary of BOE). Mr. Su was a general manager of 
the application business department of Beijing BOE Display 
Technology Co., Ltd. (a subsidiary of BOE) and the general 
manager of the Strategic Business Unit of the display device 
and the Internet of Things innovation business.
Mr. Su is currently a senior vice president of BOE.
KO Wing Yan, Samantha
aged 46, is an executive Director and the Vice Chairlady of 
the Company appointed since October 2014 and January 
2019 respectively. She was also appointed as the chief 
executive officer of the Company in March 2015 and was 
redesignated to a co-chief executive officer of the Company 
in April 2016 before redesignated to the current position. Ms. 
Ko is a member of the Remuneration Committee, Nomination 
Committee and Investment Committee and a director of 
various subsidiaries of the Group.
Ms. Ko was appointed as an independent non-executive 
director of AInnovation Technology Group Co., Ltd which is 
listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange in May 2021.
Ms. Ko holds a bachelor’s degree in economics and 
mathematics from Mount Holyoke College, U.S.A., and a 
master’s degree in finance from the Imperial College, London. 
She has over 7 years of experience in banking and has 
extensive experience in the securities and capital markets, 
and was a director of global markets — structured credit 
and fund solutions of HSBC until August 2009. Before joining 
HSBC, Ms. Ko served at Morgan Stanley (Hong Kong) and JP 
Morgan Securities Limited (London).
Ms. Ko was awarded the 2024 Young Industrialist Awards of 
Hong Kong by the Federation of Hong Kong Industries.


===== PAGE 97 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 95
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
SHAO Xibin
aged 56, is a non-executive Director appointed since April 
2019.
Mr. Shao holds a doctorate in condensed matter physics from 
Changchun Institute of Physics, Chinese Academy of Sciences.
From 1994 to 2006, Mr. Shao worked at Changchun Institute 
of Physics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Tohoku University 
and Jilin North Color Crystal Display Co., Ltd. Since 2006, Mr. 
Shao joined the BOE Group. He worked as a deputy director 
of strategic planning department, a director of research 
and development of central research institute, a director 
of product development of BOE Display, a director of DT 
development and a department head of TV development, 
a deputy head of IT/TV product development, head of IT/TV 
product development, the chief product officer, a co-chief 
technology officer of Display Business Group of BOE.
Mr. Shao is currently the deputy person in charge of the 
mid-desk of the technology and product of the mid-desk of 
the display device and the IoT innovation business of BOE, 
the person in charge of the mid-desk of the technology and 
the product mid-desk terminal product and technology 
development of the display device and the IoT innovation 
business of BOE, senior vice president and co-chief 
technology officer of BOE.
LO Pak Chi
aged 52, is an executive Director appointed since October 
2025. Mr. Lo is a member of the Investment Committee and a 
director of various subsidiaries of the Group.
Mr. Lo holds a bachelor’s degree in applied physics from the 
Hong Kong Baptist University.
Mr. Lo joined the Group in May 1998, worked in research 
& development and corporate development (technical) 
department and was appointed as the general manager of 
the Group. He is the Chief Operating Officer of the Group. 
He is mainly responsible for the Group’s production and 
operations, as well as the management of business strategies 
and planning. He has over 28 years of experience in the 
display manufacturing industry and corporate management.


===== PAGE 98 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited96
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
LIU Jing
aged 45, is a non-executive Director appointed since October 
2025.
Mr. Liu hold a master’s degree in engineering in project 
management from University of the Chinese Academy of 
Sciences and a bachelor’s degree in optical information 
science and technology from Beijing Jiaotong University.
Since 2004, Mr. Liu joined BOE. He held positions including the 
deputy general manager of Hefei Xinsheng Optoelectronics 
Technology Co., Ltd., the program director and the general 
manager of Hefei BOE Display Technology Co., Ltd., the VCTIO, 
the head of the mid-desk of the planning and operation of the 
mid-desk of the display device and the Internet of things (IoT) 
innovation business and the deputy head of the front-desk 
of the display device and IoT innovation business and other 
positions of BOE.
Mr. Liu is currently a member of the executive committee, a 
senior vice president and the head of the front-desk of the 
display device and IoT innovation business of BOE.
MENG Chao
aged 38, is a non-executive Director appointed since February 
2023.
Mr. Meng holds a master’s degree in business management 
from Beijing Institute of Technology.
Since 2009, Mr. Meng joined BOE. He was the deputy head 
of the Planning and Finance Department, the deputy head 
of the Budget Analysis Section of the Budget Management 
Department, the deputy head of the Budget Management 
Department, the head of the Smart System Budget and 
Operation Innovation Department, the head of the Major 
Project Performance Management Section of Budget 
Management Department and the deputy head of the Budget 
Center of BOE.
Mr. Meng is currently the CPIO of the performance 
management center of the back-desk of BOE (business 
support system), and the Vice Chief Financial Officer of Chief 
Financial Officer organisation.


===== PAGE 99 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 97
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
CHU, Howard Ho Hwa
aged 61, is an independent non-executive Director appointed 
since June 2016. He is a member of the Audit Committee, the 
Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee.
Mr. Chu has 20 years of business experience and 15 years 
of experience in corporate governance. Mr. Chu is a partner 
of Go Capital Limited which is a private equity firm based 
in Hong Kong and Shanghai. Mr. Chu was appointed as 
an independent non-executive director of Crypto Flow 
Technology Limited which is listed on the Growth Enterprise 
Market of the Stock Exchange in September 2022.
From 2012 to 28 February 2018, Mr. Chu was the chief 
executive officer of mReferral Corporation (HK) Limited which 
is a leading mortgage referral company and is a joint venture 
of Midland Holdings Limited and Cheung Kong (Holdings) 
Limited. From March 2012 to June 2012, he was the chief 
financial officer of China Smart Electric Co. Ltd.. From July 
2009 to October 2011, he was the chief financial officer of 
Trony Solar Holdings Company Limited which is a publicly 
listed company on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange. 
From September 2010 to May 2012, he was an independent 
non-executive Director of China Kingstone Mining Holdings 
Limited which is a publicly listed company on the Main Board 
of the Stock Exchange. He has previously worked for Shanghai 
Century Acquisition Corporation, a company listed on the 
American Stock Exchange, and United Energy Group Limited, 
a company listed on the Stock Exchange. He was a director 
at ABN AMRO Asia Corporate Finance Ltd. and was also a 
director at the Hong Kong and Shanghai Banking Corporation 
Ltd.. From June 2012 to June 2015, he was an independent 
non-executive Director of Weichai Power Co. Ltd. which is a 
publicly listed company on the Main Board of Stock Exchange. 
He resigned as an independent non-executive director of 
Directel Holdings Limited which is listed on the Growth 
Enterprise Market of the Stock Exchange in June 2016. Upon 
expiry of term of office in August 2025, Mr. Chu ceased to be 
an independent non-executive director of Guolian Minsheng 
Securities Co., Ltd., a company listed on the Main Board of the 
Stock Exchange, as he has served six years consecutively as of 
26 June 2025.
He obtained a master degree of business administration 
from the Columbia University and a bachelor degree of 
science from the University of Rochester in 1990 and 1986 
respectively.
FUNG, Yuk Kan Peter
aged 59, is an independent non-executive Director appointed 
in June 2016. Mr. Fung is the Chairman of the audit 
committee of the Company (the “Audit Committee”) and the 
Remuneration Committee, and a member of the Nomination 
Committee.
Mr. Fung was trained and qualified in KPMG London before 
returning to KPMG Hong Kong in 1993. Since his return Mr. 
Fung has travelled regularly into China to lead different types 
of China projects, including Initial Public Offerings and due 
diligence exercises for merger and acquisitions. Mr. Fung 
became a partner in October 2000. Later in 2006 he moved 
to and started stationing in Beijing. In the past two decades, 
he has been in many positions within KPMG, including the 
partner in-charge of large accounts, regional head of audit 
and regional head of business development.
Mr. Fung’s last position before retirement from KPMG was 
the Global Chair of KPMG Global China Practice (“GCP”). The 
GCP is a community of professionals in China and across 
the globe with a total focus on inbound and outbound 
China businesses and assists Chinese businesses with their 
globalisation strategy and helps multinational companies 
enter or expand into the China market. In this role, he 
regularly met with market players to discuss the continuous 
development of China and issues confronting executives from 
different businesses. He also wrote publications and appears 
in conferences and events as presenters/panelists to share 
his experience and views on these matters.
Mr. Fung is a fellow member of the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of England and Wales and a member of the Hong 
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He obtained 
a bachelor of science in Economics from London School of 
Economics and Political Science in 1988.


===== PAGE 100 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited98
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
PANG Chunlin
aged 55, is an independent non-executive Director 
appointed since April 2023. Mr. Pang is a member of the 
Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the 
Nomination Committee.
Mr. Pang holds a doctorate of electronics and information 
engineering from University of Electronic Science and 
Technology of China and master’s degree in business 
administration from Kunming University of Science and 
Technology.
Mr. Pang is a member of, among others, the Ministry of 
Industry and Information Technology Expert Committee of 
Vehicles Network Identity Authentication and Safety Trust 
Work in Vehicles Network Safety Field* (ʷ௅ԓᑌ
ึ ); the 
deputy chairman of the Artificial Intelligence Sub-Committee 
of The Chinese Society for Agricultural Machinery* ( ʕ਷ุ༵
ึ ); the deputy secretary-general 
of the Agricultural Electronics Sub-Technical Committee of 
the National Agricultural Machinery Standardization Technical 
Committee (TC201)* (ึ (TC201)
ึ).
Mr. Pang is an independent director of ZKTeco Co., Ltd., the 
shares of which are listed on the Growth Enterprise Market 
of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and an independent non-
executive director of PATEO CONNECT Technology (Shanghai) 
Corporation, the shares of which is listed on the Main Board 
of the Stock Exchange in September 2025. From May 2022 
to April 2023, Mr. Pang was a non-independent director of 
Shenzhen Qingyi Photomask Limited, the shares of which are 
listed on the Science and Technology Innovation Board of the 
Shanghai Stock Exchange.

===== PAGE 101 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 99
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
YOON Dae Keun
aged 51, is the Chief Technology Officer of the Group. He 
obtained a Master’s degree in Optics from the Sogang 
University in South Korea. Before joining the Group, Mr. Yoon 
served at the BOE Group and has more than 22 years of TFT 
module development experience. He joined the Group in 
October 2023.
CHAN Ka Kit
aged 33, is the Company Secretary of the Group. He obtained 
a Bachelor’s degree in Accountancy from the Hong Kong 
Polytechnic University. He is a member of the Hong Kong 
Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He joined the Group 
in January 2024.
SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION
LI Yui Sing
aged 43, is the Chief Financial Officer of the Group. Mr. Li 
obtained a Master’s degree in Business Administration from 
the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology and 
a Bachelor’s degree in Accountancy from the Hong Kong 
Polytechnic University. He is a member of the Hong Kong 
Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He joined the Group 
in September 2025.
CHOI Wing
aged 47, is the Chief Marketing Officer of the Group. She 
obtained a Bachelor’s degree in Chemistry from the Chinese 
University of Hong Kong and a Master’s degree in Data 
Science and Business Statistics from the Chinese University of 
Hong Kong. She joined the Group in October 2000.
PARK Soo Bin, James
aged 55, is the Chief Strategy Officer of the Group. He 
obtained a Bachelor’s degree in Physics from the Sogang 
University in South Korea. He joined the Group in October 
2006.

===== PAGE 102 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited100
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE   
REPORT
The Company is committed to achieving and maintaining 
a high standard of corporate governance. The Board (the 
“Board”) of Directors (the “Directors”) of the Company 
recognises that such commitment is essential in upholding 
the accountability and transparency and to achieve a balance 
of interests between the shareholders, customers, creditors, 
employees as well as other stakeholders.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
PRACTICES
The corporate governance standards of the Company are 
built on the principles of independence, accountability, 
transparency and fairness. The Company has adopted and 
complied with the code provision set out in the Corporate 
Governance Code (the “CG Code”) contained in Appendix 
C1 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities (the 
“Listing Rules”) on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited 
(the “Stock Exchange”). The Board has taken actions and 
measures to ensure that the Company is in all aspects in strict 
compliance.
In the opinion of the Directors, the Company has complied 
with the code provisions of the CG Code throughout the year 
ended 31 December 2025, other than as summarised as 
below.
Code provision C.1.5 stipulates that independent non-
executive directors and non-executive directors should attend 
general meetings. Mr. Chu, Howard Ho Hwa, an independent 
non-executive Director, was unable to attend the annual 
general meeting of the Company held on 25 June 2025 due to 
other business arrangements.
Mr. Su Ning, who is currently an executive Director and the 
Chief Executive Officer, has been appointed as the Chairman 
of the Board with effect from 10 October 2025. The Board 
has confidence in vesting the roles of both Chairman and 
Chief Executive Officer in Mr. Su and believes that this will 
ensure the Group has consistent leadership and could 
make and implement the business strategies of the Group 
more effectively. Therefore, the Board considers that the 
deviation from code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code is not 
inappropriate. In addition, under the supervision of the 
Board which, apart from Mr. Su being an executive Director, 
comprises 2 other executive Directors, 3 non-executive 
Directors and 3 independent non-executive Directors, the 
Board is appropriately structured with balance of power 
and authority to provide sufficient checks to protect the 
interests of the Company and the Shareholders. The Board 
will continue to review the effectiveness of the corporate 
governance structure of the Group in order to assess whether 
separation of the roles of the Chairman of the Board and the 
Chief Executive Officer is necessary.
The Group will continue to review and monitor its corporate 
governance practices to ensure compliance with the CG Code.
MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES 
TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS
The Company has adopted a code of conduct on securities 
transactions by directors (the “Code of Conduct”) on terms 
no less exacting than those required standards set out in 
the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of 
Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) set out in Appendix C3 of 
the Listing Rules. Following specific enquiry by the Company, 
all Directors confirmed that they have complied with the 
required standards as set out in the Model Code and the 
Code of Conduct throughout the year under review.
The Company has also adopted a code of conduct on 
securities transactions by employees (revised on 24 July 2024) 
on terms no less exacting than those required standards set 
out in the Model Code.
External
Auditor
Audit
Committee
Remuneration
Committee
THE BOARD
Nomination
Committee
Investment
Committee

===== PAGE 103 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 101
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Company benefits from the professional management expertise of its Directors. Brief biographies of the Directors are set 
out in the “Board of Directors and Senior Management” section in this Annual Report. The professional management expertise 
of the Directors ensures that the Board has the capabilities of sustaining the Company’s continued success.
As at 10 April 2026 (the latest practicable date), the Board comprises 3 executive Directors, 3 non-executive Directors and 3 
independent non-executive Directors.
Name
Date of 
Appointment 
as Director
Date of 
Resignation 
as Director
Tenure (as at 
31 December 
2025)
Executive Directors: Mr. Gao Wenbao (ex-Chairman) 4 September 2018 10 October 2025 >7
Mr. Su Ning (Chairman and  
Chief Executive Officer)
28 April 2016 > 9
Ms. Ko Wing Yan, Samantha  
(Vice Chairlady)
3 October 2014 > 11
Mr. Lo Pak Chi 10 October 2025 < 1
Non-executive Directors: Mr. Shao Xibin 28 April 2019 > 6
Mr. Jin Hao 28 April 2019 10 October 2025 > 6
Mr. Meng Chao 17 February 2023 > 2
Mr. Liu Jing 10 October 2025 < 1
Independent  
Non-executive Directors:
Mr. Fung, Yuk Kan Peter 3 June 2016 > 9
Mr. Chu, Howard Ho Hwa 3 June 2016 > 9
Mr. Pang Chunlin 7 April 2023 > 2
The Company has established a mechanism to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board. Rule 3.10(1) and 
(2), and 3.10(A) are complied. All the independent non-executive Directors meet the guidelines for assessment of independence 
as set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.
The Board meets at least 4 times a year with additional meetings (physical and electronic, with all board members would attend 
the electronic meetings) arranged when necessary to review the financial performance, material investments and other matters 
of the Group that require the resolution of the Board.

===== PAGE 104 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited102
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
During the financial year ended 31 December 2025, a total of 4 meetings and 1 annual general meeting (“AGM”), were held and 
the attendance of each Director is set out as follows:
Number of meetings attended in 2025
Name Board AGM
Remuneration 
Committee
Nomination
Committee
Audit
Committee
Investment
Committee
Executive Directors:
Mr. Gao Wenbao 1 4/4 1/1 6/6 1/1 N/A 4/4
Mr. Su Ning2 4/4 1/1 2/2 3/3 N/A 5/5
Ms. Ko Wing Yan, Samantha 3 4/4 1/1 8/8 2/2 N/A 5/5
Mr. Lo Pak Chi 4 0/0 0/0 N/A N/A N/A 1/1
Non-executive Directors:
Mr. Shao Xibin 4/4 1/1 N/A N/A N/A N/A
Mr. Jin Hao5 4/4 1/1 N/A N/A N/A N/A
Mr. Meng Chao 4/4 1/1 N/A N/A N/A N/A
Mr. Liu Jing6 0/0 0/0 N/A N/A N/A N/A
Independent Non-executive 
Directors:
Mr. Fung, Yuk Kan Peter 4/4 1/1 8/8 3/3 2/2 N/A
Mr. Chu, Howard Ho Hwa 4/4 0/1 8/8 3/3 2/2 N/A
Mr. Pang Chunlin 4/4 1/1 8/8 3/3 2/2 N/A
Notes:
1. Resigned as an executive Director and the Chairman, and ceased 
to be the chairman of the nomination committee (“NC”) and the 
investment committee (“IC”), and the member of the remuneration 
committee (“RC”) of the Company with effect from 10 October 2025.
2. Appointed as the Chairman, the chairman of the NC and the IC, and a 
member of the RC with effect from 10 October 2025.
3. Appointed as a member of the NC  with effect from 10 October 2025.
4. Appointed as an executive Director and a member of the IC with 
effect from 10 October 2025.
5. Re signed as a non-executive Director with effect from 10 October 
2025.
6. Appointed as a non-executive Director with effect from 10 October  
2025.
The Directors have no financial, business, family or other 
material/relevant relationships among the members of the 
Board, in particular between the Chairman and the Chief 
Executive Officer, except that:
Mr. Su Ning is a senior vice president of BOE. Mr. Shao 
Xibin is the deputy person in charge of the mid-desk of the 
technology and product of the mid-desk of the display device 
and the IoT innovation business of BOE, the person in charge 
of the mid-desk of the technology and the product mid-desk 
terminal product and technology development of the display 
device and the IoT innovation business of BOE, senior vice 
president and co-chief technology officer of BOE. Mr. Meng 
Chao is the CPIO of the performance management center of 
the back-desk of BOE (business support system), and the Vice 
Chief Financial Officer of Chief Financial Officer organisation. 
Mr. Liu Jing is a member of the executive committee, a senior 
vice president and the head of the front-desk of the display 
device and IoT innovation business of BOE.
In the Board’s opinion, these relationships do not affect the 
Directors’ independent judgment and integrity in executing 
their roles and responsibilities and there is mechanism to 
protect respective stakeholders’ interest.

===== PAGE 105 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 103
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
CORPORATE CULTURE
A healthy corporate culture across the Group is integral 
to attain its vision and strategy. The Board endeavors to 
promote, by act of lawfully, ethically and responsibly, a 
performance culture in the Group and continually reinforce 
the desired corporate culture which is aligned with the 
Group’s purpose, values and strategy.
The Group committees to workforce development, workplace 
safety and health, diversity, and sustainability. In addition, 
the Group’s strategy in the business development and 
management are to achieve long-term, steady and sustainable 
growth, ensure satisfactory and sustainable returns to 
shareholders, safeguard the interests of business partners, 
assess and manage the overall business risk, deliver high-
quality products to the satisfaction of customers and maintain 
high standards of ethics.
The Group will continuously review and adjust, if necessary, 
its business strategies and keep track of the changing market 
conditions to ensure prompt and proactive measures will be 
taken to respond to the changes and meet the market needs 
to foster the sustainability of the Group.
BOARD PERFORMANCE
The Company regards board evaluation as a critical tool 
to assess Board effectiveness and efficiency. Led by the 
Chairman with the support of the Company Secretary, 
an internal performance evaluation on the Board and 
its committees had been conducted for year 2025. The 
Nomination Committee supports and draws reference from 
this annual evaluation. The evaluation involved each Director 
completing a questionnaire, providing self-assessment and 
comments. The objective of the evaluation is to ensure that 
the Board and its committees continue to act effectively in 
fulfilling the duties and responsibilities expected of them, 
and to develop action plans for improvement. The scope 
of the evaluation covered various aspects, including the 
Board composition and expertise, information flow to the 
board members, the board process and effectiveness, 
continuous development and training, board accountability 
and leadership. In addition, the constituent, expertise and 
effectiveness of each of the Board committees were also 
evaluated. The findings of the evaluation were then analysed 
and presented to the Nomination Committee and the Board.
From the annual board performance evaluation conducted, 
the Directors are satisfied with the performance of the Board 
and acknowledged that the Board plays an effective role in 
the development and determination of the Group’s culture, 
strategy and overall commercial objective. Positive feedback 
was received in recognition of the diversity efforts of the 
Board in appointing new Directors, which helps maintain 
a balanced mix of expertise and disciplines. The Group’s 
initiatives to enhance overall performance in challenging and 
rapidly evolving times were also acknowledged. Each Director 
has contributed positively to the overall effectiveness of the 
Board and Board committees.
PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
All Directors should participate in continuous professional 
development (“CPD”) to develop and refresh their knowledge 
and skills for a proper understanding of the Company’s 
business, operations and governance policies and full 
awareness of their responsibilities under statue and common 
law, the Listing Rules, legal and other regulatory requirements. 
Directors provides a record of the CPD they received to the 
Company.
The Company arranges and provides CPD training in the 
forms of formal training programmes, seminars, workshops, 
expert briefings, webcasts and selected reading materials 
to the Directors to help them to keep abreast of current 
trends and issues facing the Group, including the latest 
changes in the commercial (including industry-specific and 
innovative changes), legal and regulatory environment in 
which the Group conducts its businesses and to refresh their 
knowledge and skills on the roles, functions and duties of a 
listed company director. From time to time, the Directors also 
participate as speakers at events to share knowledge and 
insights on different topics. In addition, CPD may take the 
form of attendance at external forums or briefing sessions on 
relevant topics. CPD training of approximately 15 hours had 
been provided to Directors in 2025. On 26 November 2025, 
an online training to the Directors about the overview of 
directors’ responsibilities.
Induction sessions had been conducted and presented by 
the Company to the newly appointed Directors, Mr. Lo Pak 
Chi and Mr. Liu Jing on 10 October 2025. They have attended 
a director training from Guantao and Chow Solicitors and 
Notaries and confirmed that they have completed the 
continuous professional development. They have obtained 
the legal advice on 10 October 2025 and have confirmed they 
understood their obligations as a director of a listed issuer.

===== PAGE 106 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited104
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
All Directors (includes Mr. Gao Wenbao, Mr. Su Ning, Ms. Ko Wing Yan, Samantha, Mr. Lo Pak Chi, Mr. Shao Xibin, Mr. Jin Hao, 
Mr. Meng Chao, Mr. Liu Jing, Mr. Fung, Yuk Kan Peter, Mr. Chu, Howard Ho Hwa and Mr. Pang Chunlin) confirm that they have 
participated in CPD as required by rules 3.09F and 3.09G during the reporting period. Mr. Lo and Mr. Liu confirm that they have 
participated in CPD under rule 3.09H during the reporting period. The CPD training undertaken by the Directors during the year 
is summarised as follows:
Areas6
Directors
Role, 
Function and 
Responsibilities 
of the Board 
and Board 
Committees
Legal and 
Regulatory
Corporate 
Governance/ 
Environmental, 
Social and 
Governance
Risk 
Management 
and Internal 
Controls
Directors’ 
Duties/ 
Business 
Trends and 
Strategies
Approximate 
number of 
hours of 
CPD training 
completed 
in 20257
Executive Directors
Mr. Gao Wenbao 1 (ex-Chairman)      12 hours
Mr. Su Ning2  
(Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)
     15 hours
Ms. Ko Wing Yan, Samantha  
(Vice Chairlady)
     15 hours
Mr. Lo Pak Chi 3      10 hours
Non-executive Directors
Mr. Shao Xibin      15 hours
Mr. Jin Hao4      12 hours
Mr. Meng Chao      15 hours
Mr. Liu Jing5      10 hours
Independent Non-executive 
Directors
Mr. Fung, Yuk Kan Peter      15 hours
Mr. Chu, Howard Ho Hwa      15 hours
Mr. Pang Chunlin      15 hours
Notes:
1. Resigned as an executive Director and the Chairman with effect from 
10 October 2025.
2. Appointed as the Chairman with e ffect from 10 October 2025.
3. Appointed as an executive Directo r with effect from 10 October 2025.
4. Re signed as a non-executive Director with effect from 10 October 
2025.
5. Appointed as a non-executive Director with effect from 10 October  
2025.
6. The format and/or mode of the area include attending physical/
online training, briefings/seminars/conference/forums and reading 
regulatory updates, journals/articles/materials, etc.
7. The total num ber of hours included both the training provided by the 
Company and other CPD trainings undertaken by the Directors.
RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE BOARD
The Board has established the Company’s purpose, values 
and strategy, and satisfy itself that these and the Company’s 
culture are aligned. The Board promotes the desired 
culture which should instill and continually reinforce across 
the organisation values of acting lawfully, ethically and 
responsibly.
With integrity, the Board has the collective responsibility for 
leadership and control of, and for promoting the success of, 
the Company by directing and supervising the Company’s 
affairs. The Board sets the Group’s overall objectives and 
strategies, monitors and evaluates its operating and financial 
performance and reviews the corporate governance standard 
of the Company. It also decides on important matters 
such as interim and annual results, major transactions, 
director appointments or reappointments, and dividend and 
accounting policies, and so on. The Board has delegated the 
authority and responsibility for implementing its business 
strategies and managing the daily operations of the Group’s 
businesses to the management.

===== PAGE 107 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 105
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
The Board has reviewed the implementation and effectiveness 
of the mechanism which ensures independent views and 
input are available to it on an annual basis.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
FUNCTIONS
The Board is responsible for performing the corporate 
governance functions such as developing and reviewing 
the Company’s policies, practices on corporate governance, 
training and CPD of the Directors and senior management 
of the Group, the Company’s policies and practices on 
compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, code 
of conduct of employees and directors, and practices on 
compliance with the CG Code.
The Board held meetings from time to time whenever 
necessary. At least 14 days notice of regular Board meetings 
is given to all Directors and they can include matters for 
discussion in the agenda as they think fit. The agenda 
accompanying board papers are sent to all Directors at least 3 
days before the date of every Board meeting in order to allow 
sufficient time for the Directors to review the documents.
Minutes of every Board meeting are circulated to all Directors 
for their perusal and comments prior to confirmation of 
the minutes. The Board also ensures that it is supplied in 
a timely manner with all necessary information in a form 
and of a quality appropriate to enable it to discharge its 
duties. Minutes of board meetings and meetings of board 
committees should be kept by the Company Secretary and 
should be open for inspection at any reasonable time on 
reasonable notice by any director.
The Directors give sufficient time and attention to the affairs 
of the Company. All Directors are required to disclose to 
the Company at the time of their appointment, and in a 
timely manner for any change of, the number and nature of 
offices held in public companies or organisations and other 
significant commitments.
Every Board member has full access to the advice and services 
of the Company Secretary with a view to ensuring that board 
procedures, and all applicable rules and regulations are 
followed and they are also entitled to have full access to 
board papers and related materials so that they are able to 
make an informed decision and to discharge their duties and 
responsibilities.
CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
The Chairman of the Board is responsible for formulating 
corporate strategies and overall business development 
planning. Chief Executive Officer’s duty is to oversee the 
execution of daily business activities.
Mr. Su Ning serves as both of the Chairman of the Board 
and the Chief Executive Officer. The Board has confidence in 
vesting the roles of both chairman and chief executive officer 
in Mr. Su and believes that this will ensure the Group has 
consistent leadership and could make and implement the 
business strategies of the Group more effectively.
The Vice Chairlady, Ms. Ko Wing Yan, Samantha, shall assist 
the Chairman of the Board in performing the latter’s duties 
and responsibilities. In particular, the Vice Chairlady shall take 
the important role in monitoring the implementation of the 
Company’s strategies. During the period when the Chairman 
is absent and the normal functions of the Chairman cannot be 
carried out, the Vice Chairlady will take the role as the acting 
Chairman until the Chairman resumes carrying out his normal 
duties or a new Chairman has been elected and appointed by 
the Board.
The responsibilities of the Chairman and the Chief Executive 
Officer are clearly established and set out in writing in March 
2012.
TERM OF APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION 
OF DIRECTORS
All non-executive Directors have been appointed for a term 
of 3 years and all independent non-executive Directors have 
been appointed for a term subject to re-appointment as 
required by Bye-law.
Pursuant to the Company’s bye-law 84(1), all Directors are 
subject to retirement by rotation at least once every 3 years. 
At least one-third of the Directors must retire from office at 
each annual general meeting and their re-election is subject 
to the approval of the Shareholders.
Pursuant to the Company’s bye-law 83(2), any Director 
appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy or as an 
addition to the existing Board shall hold office only until the 
next following general meeting of the Company, and shall be 
eligible for re-election.

===== PAGE 108 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited106
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
BOARD COMMITTEES
AUDIT COMMITTEE
The audit committee of the Company (the “AC”) comprises 
the following independent non-executive Directors: Mr. Fung, 
Yuk Kan Peter (Chairman of the AC), Mr. Chu, Howard Ho Hwa 
and Mr. Pang Chunlin as at the date of this report. The AC is 
responsible for appointment of external auditors, review of 
the Group’s financial information and oversight of the Group’s 
financial reporting system, risk management and internal 
control systems. It is also responsible for reviewing the interim 
and annual results of the Group prior to recommending 
them to the Board for approval. It meets regularly to review 
financial reporting and internal control matters and to this 
end has unrestricted access to both the Company’s internal 
and external auditors. The terms of reference of the AC 
are available at the websites of the Company and the Stock 
Exchange.
The AC held 2 meetings in 2025 in which the AC reviewed 
with management the accounting principles, estimates 
and practices adopted by the Group and discussed risk 
management, internal controls and financial reporting matters 
so as to ensure that an effective control and corporate 
governance environment is maintained. The number of 
AC meetings held during the year and record of individual 
attendance of members, on a named basis, at meetings 
held during is set out in the section headed “BOARD OF 
DIRECTORS” above in this report.
The AC also made its recommendation to the Board that 
the external auditors should be reappointed, reviewed and 
approved the audit service, non-audit services, remuneration 
and the terms of engagement of the external auditors.
The internal and external auditors have unrestricted access 
to the AC, which ensures that their independence remains 
unimpaired. There was private meeting between the AC 
and external auditors for the best corporate governance 
purposes.
There is no disagreement between the Board and the AC on 
the selection, appointment, resignation or dismissal of the 
external auditors.
The AC meets and holds discussions with the Directors 
and other senior management of the Group on the interim 
results and annual results as well as respective reports. 
The AC reviews and discusses the management’s report 
and representations with a review to ensure that the 
Group’s consolidated financial statements and prepared in 
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in 
Hong Kong with reference to the terms of reference. It also 
considers reports from the Company’s external auditors, 
KPMG, on the scope and the outcome of their annual audit of 
the consolidated financial statements.
ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT
Financial Reporting
The management provides such explanation and information 
to the Board and reports regularly to the Board on financial 
position and prospects of the business of the Company so 
as to enable the Board to make an informed assessment of 
the financial and other information put before the Board for 
approval.
The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities (as set out 
in the Report of the Independent Auditor) for preparing the 
financial statements for each financial period with a view 
to ensuring such financial statements give a true and fair 
view of the state of affairs of the Group and of the results 
and cash flows for that period. The Company’s financial 
statements are prepared in accordance with all relevant 
statutory requirements and applicable accounting standards. 
The Directors are responsible for ensuring that appropriate 
accounting policies are selected and applied consistently; 
and that judgments and estimates made are prudent and 
reasonable. The Board was not aware of any material 
uncertainties relating to events or conditions that might cast 
significant doubt upon the Group’s ability to continue as 
a going concern and the Board has prepared the financial 
statements on a going concern basis. The responsibility of the 
external auditor is to form an independent opinion, based 
on their audit, on those consolidated financial statements 
prepared by the Board and to report their opinion to the 
shareholders of the Company. The reporting responsibilities 
of KPMG are set out in the Report of the Independent Auditor 
on pages 137 to 141 of this Annual Report.

===== PAGE 109 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 107
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL 
CONTROL
The Board has overall responsibility for evaluating and 
determining the nature and extent of the risks they are 
willing to take in achieving the Group’s strategic objectives, 
overseeing the risk management and internal control 
systems including reviewing their effectiveness through the 
AC to ensure appropriate and effective risk management 
and internal control systems are in place. The Company 
has established an Internal Audit Department and the Risk 
Management Committee (the “RMC”). The RMC consists of 
representatives from operations departments, the Finance 
Department and the Internal Audit Department of the 
Company.
The AC assists the Board in meeting its responsibility for 
maintaining effective systems of risk management and 
internal control. The AC reviews all significant aspects of 
risk management and internal control, including financial, 
operational and compliance controls; the adequacy of 
resources, qualifications and experience, training programmes 
and budgets of the staff of the Group’s accounting, internal 
audit, and financial reporting functions, as well as those 
relating to the Company’s ESG performance and reporting. It 
reviews the process by which the Group evaluates its control 
environment and its risk assessment process, and the way 
in which business and control risks are managed. The AC 
reviews the effectiveness of the internal audit department and 
its annual work plans, and considers the reports of the RMC 
on the effectiveness of the systems of risk management and 
internal control. These reviews and reports are considered by 
the AC before it makes its recommendation to the Board for 
approval of the annual consolidated financial statements.
The risk management and internal control systems of the 
Group are reviewed at least semi-annually. During the year, 
the AC has reviewed the effectiveness of the risk management 
and internal control systems of the Group and considered the 
systems are effective and adequate.
Effective risk management is fundamental to the achievement 
of the Group’s strategic objectives, and an enterprise risk 
management framework is in place to provide top-down 
and bottom-up approaches to identify, assess, mitigate and 
monitor key risks in a pro-active and structured manner.
The Company’s management encourages a risk aware 
and control conscious environment, setting objectives, 
performance targets or policies for the management of 
key risks including strategic planning, business operations, 
acquisitions, investments, legal and regulatory compliance, 
expenditure control, treasury, environment, health and safety, 
and customer service. The Company has a well-established 
organisational structure with defined levels of responsibility 
and authority and reporting procedures. There are inherent 
limitations in any systems of risk management and internal 
control and accordingly the Group’s risk management and 
internal control systems are designed to manage rather than 
eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business of objectives, 
and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance 
against material misstatement or loss.
The Executive Directors review operational and financial 
reports and key operating statistics and hold regular meetings 
with the management to review their reports.
Budgets are prepared annually by the management and are 
subject to review and approval by the Chief Executive Officer 
and then by the Executive Directors. Re-forecasts of operating 
results for the current year are prepared regularly, reviewed 
and approved by the Executive Directors and the Board.
The Group has established guidelines and procedures for the 
approval and control of expenditure. Operating expenditure 
is subject to overall budget control. Capital expenditure is 
subject to overall control within the approved budget of 
individual projects with more specific controls and approvals 
being required for overspending, unbudgeted expenditure 
and material expenditure within the approved budget. Regular 
reports of actual versus budgeted and approved expenditure 
are also reviewed.
The treasury function, overseeing the Group’s investment and 
funding activities, regularly reports to the Executive Directors 
on the Group’s cash and liquid investments, borrowings, 
outstanding contingent liabilities and financial derivatives 
commitments. The Board has reviewed and adopted a 
treasury policy governing the management of the financial 
risks of the Group (including interest rate risk, foreign 
exchange risk and liquidity risk) and the operational risks 
associated with such risk management activities.

===== PAGE 110 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited108
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
The legal and company secretarial function reports to the 
Chief Executive Officer and the Board, and oversees, among 
other things, the Group’s compliance of the Listing Rules and 
other legal and regulatory requirements.
Reported to the AC, the Internal Audit provides necessary 
information to support the AC to assess the effectiveness of 
the risk management and internal control systems in order 
to achieve the business objectives and corporate governance 
requirements of the Group. At the beginning of each year, 
Internal Audit prepares its annual audit work plan, using 
risk assessment methodology, for the AC for review and 
approval, ensuring that over a number of years, all parts 
of the Group are audited as regards financial and material 
internal controls, in addition to key risk mitigation. As the 
audit work is performed, detailed reports are submitted to 
the AC for review and comment, all of which are related to the 
application of internal control in different parts of the Group 
and the management response to the point made in the 
report. Internal Audit follows up audit recommendations on 
implementation and the progress is reported to the AC. The 
AC is generally satisfied by the responses given and remedial 
action taken. The scope of work on the Group performed 
by Internal Audit includes financial and operational review, 
recurring and unscheduled audits, fraud investigation, 
productivity and efficiency review and laws and regulations 
compliance review.
With the assistance of Internal Audit, the Chief Executive 
Officer and the Executive Directors review, among other 
things, the profile of the significant risks (including ESG risks) 
and sustainability, and how these risks have been identified, 
evaluated and managed, the changes since the last semi-
annual assessment in the nature and extent of significant 
risks and the Group’s ability to respond to changes in its 
business and the external environment, the scope and quality 
of management’s ongoing monitoring of the risk management 
and internal control systems. In addition, they review the work 
of internal audit department and other assurance providers, 
the extent and frequency of communication of monitoring 
results to the AC which enables it to assess control of the 
Group and the effectiveness of risk management, any 
significant failing or weaknesses in internal control that have 
been reported, the necessary actions that are being taken 
promptly to remedy any significant failings or weaknesses, 
and the effectiveness of the Group’s processes for financial 
reporting and Listing Rules compliance.
Reports from the external auditor on material non-compliance 
with procedures and significant internal control weakness, if 
any, are presented to the AC. These reports are considered 
and reviewed and the appropriate action is to be taken if 
required.
Whistleblowing channel is established for employees and 
those who deal with the Group (e.g. customers and suppliers) 
to raise concerns, in confidence and anonymity, with the AC 
about possible improprieties in any matter related to the 
Group. For details, please refer to the section headed “Anti-
Corruption” under the ESG Report.
There are also procedures including pre-clearance on 
dealing in the Group’s securities by designated Directors 
and key employees notification of regular blackout period 
and securities dealing restrictions to the Directors and 
key employees, and dissemination of information for 
specified purpose and on a need-to-know basis have been 
implemented to guard against possible mishandling of inside 
information within the Group.
AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION AND AUDITOR 
RELATED MATTERS
Total auditors’ remuneration in relation to audit and non-
audit services provided to the Group amounted a sum of 
HK$4.1 million (2024: HK$3.9 million) was paid to KPMG. The 
auditor’s remuneration for audit services was HK$3.3 million 
(2024: HK$3.2 million).
The non-audit services provided by the auditor of the Group 
are as follow:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
Review services 583 583
Tax advisory services 170 115
   
753 698
   

===== PAGE 111 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 109
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
The RC is responsible for setting and monitoring the 
remuneration policy for all Directors and senior management 
of the Group. The RC comprises Mr. Fung, Yuk Kan Peter 
(Chairman of the RC), Mr. Su Ning, Ms. Ko Wing Yan, 
Samantha, Mr. Chu, Howard Ho Hwa and Mr. Pang Chunlin 
as at the date of this report. There are more than half of the 
members are independent non-executive Directors. The 
terms of reference of the RC are available at the websites of 
the Company and the Stock Exchange.
The roles and functions of the RC include consulting the 
Chairman of the Board about their remuneration proposals 
for other executive Directors, making recommendation to the 
Board on the Company’s remuneration policy and structure 
for all Directors and senior management of the Group. The 
RC has adopted the approach under E.1.2(c) of the CG Code 
to make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration 
packages of individual executive Director and senior 
management of the Group.
The Company’s remuneration policy is to link remuneration 
packages for executive Directors and key executives with the 
achievement of annual and long-term performance goals. By 
providing competitive and performance-linked compensation, 
the Company seeks to attract, motivate and retain key 
executives, which is essential to its long-term success.
The RC held 8 meetings in 2025. During the meetings, the 
RC reviewed the Company’s remuneration policy and fixed 
the remuneration packages for the directors and senior 
management of the Group. No change has been proposed 
to the remuneration policy and the Directors’ remuneration. 
The number of RC meetings held during the year and record 
of individual attendance of members, on a named basis, at 
the meeting held is set out in the section headed “BOARD OF 
DIRECTORS” above in this report.
REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND 
SENIOR MANAGEMENT
The Directors’ remuneration is set out in Note 8 to the 
consolidated financial statements of this Annual Report.
Mr. Su Ning is not entitled to any director’s fee or 
remuneration for his appointment as the Chairman and an 
executive Director but is entitled to remuneration to his 
appointment as the Chief Executive Officer.
Mr. Lo Pak Chi is not entitled to any director’s fee or 
remuneration for his appointment as an executive Director.
Each of Mr. Shao Xibin, Mr. Meng Chao and Mr. Liu Jing has 
not entered into any service contract with the Company. The 
Company has entered into an appointment letter with each 
of them, pursuant to which each was appointed as a non-
executive Director. The appointment for each of them is for 
a term of 3 years and is subject to retirement by rotation 
and re-election in accordance with the bye-laws of the 
Company. Each of them is entitled to an annual director’s 
fee of HK$200,000 which is determined by the RC and the 
Board with reference to each experience and the prevailing 
market director’s fees for non-executive directors. Mr. Shao, 
Mr. Meng and Mr. Liu have agreed to waive their respective 
annual director’s fee.
The remuneration paid to the members of the senior 
management (excluding directors) by bands in 2025 is set out 
below:
Remuneration Bands
Number of 
Individuals
HK$500,001 to HK$1,000,000 2
HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000 –
HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000 1
HK$2,000,001 to HK$2,500,000 2
  
The RC and the Board have resolved to grant certain awarded 
shares to directors and employees of the Group for the 
long term development of the Group. The RC reviews and/
or approves matters relating to share schemes. On 14 April 
2025, the Board has granted a total of 3,339,000 awarded 
shares to the certain selected participants, comprising to 6 
Directors and certain employees of the Group, pursuant to 
the share award plan. As permitted under the share award 
plan, the awarded shares granted to the selected participants 
have a mixed vesting schedule with a total vesting period (i.e. 
the period between the date of the grants and the last vesting 
date) of 24 months. While the first vesting of the grant to the 
selected participants is shorter than 12 months as determined 
by the Board, the overall awarded shares granted to the 
selected participants have a mixed vesting schedule with a 
vesting period spanning from the date of the grant to 29 April 
2027. The Board and the RC consider that such arrangements 
(a) are appropriate and commercially competitive and 
reasonable as a majority of the awarded shares are subject 
to a longer vesting period, which will ensure that the long-
terms interest of the selected participants and the Company 
are aligned and the selected participants will be motivated 
to contribute to the Company’s development; and (b) are 
permitted under the terms of the share award plan. For 
details of the grant, please refer to sections headed “Share 
Schemes and Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Right to Acquire 
Shares or Debentures” as set out in Report of the Directors 
for further information.

===== PAGE 112 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited110
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
NOMINATION COMMITTEE
The NC comprises Mr. Su Ning (Chairman of the NC), Ms. 
Ko Wing Yan, Samantha, Mr. Fung, Yuk Kan Peter, Mr. Chu, 
Howard Ho Hwa and Mr. Pang Chunlin as at the date of this 
report. Among those members of the NC, more than half of 
the members are independent non-executive Directors. The 
terms of reference of the NC are available at the websites of 
the Company and the Stock Exchange.
The roles and functions of the NC include reviewing the 
structure, size and composition of the Board at least annually, 
making recommendations on any proposed changes 
to the Board to complement the Company’s corporate 
strategy, identifying individuals suitably qualified to become 
members of the Board and selecting individuals nominated 
for directorship (if necessary), assessing the independence 
of the independent non-executive Directors and making 
recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-
appointment of directors and succession planning for the 
directors, in particular the Chairman of the Board and the 
Chief Executive Officer. New Directors are sought mainly 
through referrals. In evaluating whether an appointee is 
suitable to act as a Director of the Company, the Board 
will review the independence, experience and expertise of 
the appointee as well as personal ethics, integrity and time 
commitment of the appointee.
The NC also reviews and assesses regularly each Director’s 
time commitment and contribution to the Board, as well as 
the Director’s ability to discharge his or her responsibilities 
effectively, taking into account professional qualifications 
and work experience, existing directorships of issuers listed 
on the Main Board or GEM and other significant external 
time commitments of such Director and other factors or 
circumstances relevant to the Director’s character, integrity, 
independence and experience.
The NC held 3 meetings in 2025. Issues concerning the 
structure, size and composition of the Board and appointment 
of new directors were discussed and reviewed. The number 
of NC meetings held during the year and record of individual 
attendance of members, on a named basis, at the meetings 
held during is set out in the section headed “BOARD OF 
DIRECTORS” above in this report.
BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY
The Board adopted the board diversity policy (the “Board 
Diversity Policy”) which to comply with the CG Code on board 
diversity. The Board Diversity Policy was adopted to ensure 
that diversity in its broadest sense continues to remain a 
feature of the Board. The NC’s assessment of the candidates 
includes, but is not limited to, consideration of the relevant 
knowledge and diversity of backgrounds, skills, experience 
and perspectives that would complement the existing Board. 
A summary of the Board Diversity Policy, together with the 
measurable objectives (e.g. numerical targets and timelines) 
set for the promotion of gender diversity on the board and 
the measures the Company has adopted to develop a pipeline 
of potential successors to the Board to achieve gender 
diversity, and the progress made towards achieving those 
objectives are disclosed as below:
— Summary
The Company recognized and embraced the benefits of 
having a diverse board to the quality of its performance. 
The Board Diversity Policy aimed to set out the approach 
to achieve diversity on the board. In designing the board’s 
composition, board diversity has been considered from a 
number of measurable aspects including but not limited to 
gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, 
professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of 
service. All Board appointments will be based on meritocracy, 
and candidates will be considered against objective criteria, 
having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board.
The Board currently comprises 8 male Directors and 1 
female Director. The Board is of the view that the existing 
gender diversity in respect of the Board is sufficient, and that 
the Board Diversity Policy and the nomination policy of the 
Company can ensure that there will be a pipeline of potential 
successors to the Board which continues the existing gender 
diversity in the Board. The Company has also taken, and 
continues to take, steps to promote diversity at all levels of 
its workforce (including senior management). Opportunities 
for employment, training and career development are equally 
opened to all eligible employees without discrimination. 
Please refer to the Environment, Social and Governance 
Report of this report for details of our workforce.

===== PAGE 113 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 111
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
— Reviewing
The NC will review the Board Diversity Policy, as appropriate, 
to ensure its effectiveness. The NC will discuss any revisions 
that may be required, and recommend any such revisions to 
the Board for consideration and approval.
The Board constitutes male and female directors, age of 
different group, knowledge from business development, 
auditing, accounting and finance, corporate finance, 
technology development, products, etc. and it is considered 
there is enough diversity.
The Board should review the implementation and 
effectiveness of the Board Diversity Policy on board diversity 
on an annual basis.
The Board has not set any target or timeline for enhancing 
gender diversity on the Board but may adjust the proportion 
of gender over time as and when appropriate. We target to 
maintain the current level of female representation on the 
Board as we considered the existing board composition to be 
sufficiently diverse.
We are also committed to diversity and inclusion at the 
workforce level, recruiting employees and summer interns 
from diverse backgrounds.
— Measurable objectives
Selection of candidates will be based on a range of diversity 
perspectives, including but not limited to gender, age, 
cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional 
experience, skills, knowledge, length of service and the 
amount of time and effort that candidates will devote to 
discharge their duties and responsibilities and, in the case 
of independent non-executive director(s), the independence 
requirements set out in the Listing Rules (as amended from 
time to time). The ultimate decision will be based on merit 
and contribution that the selected candidates will bring to the 
Board. It will not consider diversity to be achieved for a single 
gender board. The Board’s composition will be disclosed in 
the Corporate Governance Report annually.
— Implementation and Mo nitoring
The NC is responsible for reviewing the structure, size and 
composition (including the skills, knowledge and experience) 
of the Board at least annually, taking into account the benefits 
of all relevant diversity aspects and making recommendations 
on any proposed changes to the Board to complement the 
Company’s corporate strategy. The NC will report annually, 
in the Corporate Governance Report, on the Board’s 
composition under diversified perspectives, and monitor the 
implementation of the Board Diversity Policy.
8 1
3 3 3
4 4 1
No. of directors by gender
No. of directors by position
No. of directors by age
Male
88.9% 11.1%Ratio
Female
Executive Directors Non-executive Directors Independent Non-executive Directors
Below 50 51–60 61 or above
Board composition profile

===== PAGE 114 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited112
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
Board Skills Matrix
Skills Area Description
Strategy Ability to identify strategic opportunities and threats, whilst developing and 
implementing plans to achieve corporate objectives
  
Leadership Ability to lead corporate teams and implement plans and policies
  
Industry knowledge and experience An understanding of the company’s business daily operations, market 
development, competitors, technology and innovation
  
Financial literacy/business acumen Ability to read and comprehend corporate accounts, financial materials and 
financial reporting requirements
  
Risk management and compliance Ability and experience in implementing, managing or overseeing risk 
management and internal control systems for legal and regulatory compliance
  
People management experience Experience at a senior level with responsibilities for people management and 
successful implementation of change
  
Diversity (e.g. age, gender, culture) Contribution to board diversity in terms of age, gender, cultural background 
etc.
  
Emerging topics (e.g. artificial intelligence) Understanding and knowledge of emerging topics to ensure that the company 
is forward-thinking
  
Qualifications Formal qualifications in relevant fields to assist the board in its decision-
making, for example, accounting, finance, economics, business, law
  
WORKFORCE DIVERSITY POLICY
The policy on diversity in the workforce (including senior management) promotes a diversified and inclusive working 
environment where individual differences are respected and all employees are treated with dignity. It enhances recruitment, 
supports retention, and fosters innovation and growth by leveraging diverse perspectives. Key components include adhering to 
non-discriminatory employment practices and procedures, encouraging collaboration among the workforce, providing training 
and development opportunities to address specific needs and career aspirations of diverse employees and regularly assessing 
the policy’s effectiveness. The gender ratio on senior management and the workforce (excluding senior management) is as 
below. Further details on the gender ratio of the Group can be found in this ESG Report.
Total 
Headcount
No. of Male 
Headcount
No. of Female 
Headcount Male % Female %
Senior management 5 4 1 80.00% 20.00%
The workforce  
(excluding senior management) 7,868 3,854 4,014 48.98% 51.02%
      
Total 7,873 3,858 4,015 49.00% 51.00%
      

===== PAGE 115 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 113
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
DIVIDEND POLICY
The Board has adopted a dividend policy on 1 January 
2019. Under the Dividend Policy and to attract long-term 
investors and reward shareholders for their support, subject 
to compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations 
and the bye-laws of the Company, the Company intends to 
maintain a stable dividend policy in future with a dividend 
payout ratio of not less than 30%. However, the determination 
to pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion 
of the Board and will be based on the profits, cash flows, 
financial condition, capital requirements and other conditions 
that the Board deems relevant. The payment of dividends 
may be limited by legal restrictions and agreements that the 
Company may enter into in the future.
The Dividend Policy will continue to be reviewed from time 
to time and there can be no assurance that dividends will be 
paid in any particular amount for any given period.
It is confirmed that all dividend decisions made by the Board 
were made in accordance with the Dividend Policy. During the 
year, there is no material variation in dividend rate compared 
to that for the previous corresponding period.
The Board has recommended a final dividend of 15.3 HK 
cents (2024: 17.0 HK cents) per share.
INVESTMENT COMMITTEE
The investment committee of the Company (the “IC”) is 
established to source, review (including exit) and select 
appropriate investment projects to achieve the Group’s 
advancement and transformation strategy. The IC is also 
responsible for the examine of the investment management 
risk policies, research of the Group’s capital policies and 
major financing plans. The IC comprises 9 members, including 
Mr. Su Ning (Chairman of the IC), Ms. Ko Wing Yan, Samantha 
and Mr. Lo Pak Chi, and other management of the Company 
as at the date of this report.
The IC held 5 meetings in 2025 in which the IC reviewed 
investment and exit proposals, plant/office expansion and 
business development. The number of IC meetings held 
during the year and record of individual attendance of 
members (who is a director of the Company), on a named 
basis, at the meetings held during is set out in the section 
headed “BOARD OF DIRECTORS” above in this report.
The Board has approved and authorized the IC to make 
decisions on investment projects with the authorization limits 
and period.
The terms of reference and operating rules of the IC was 
adopted and effective on 11 July 2022.
COMPANY SECRETARY
Mr. Chan Ka Kit was appointed as the Company Secretary of 
the Company in September 2025. The Company Secretary 
is responsible for that board procedures comply with 
applicable laws, rules and regulations and advising the Board 
on corporate governance and other matters. The Company 
Secretary reports to the Board through the Chairman whilst 
all Directors have rights to access to the advice and service of 
the Company Secretary. The biographical details of Mr. Chan 
are set out under the section head “Board of Directors and 
Senior Management” in this report.
Mr. Chan has taken no less than 15 hours of relevant 
professional training during the financial year ended 31 
December 2025 and has complied with the requirement as 
set out in Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.
SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
The general meetings of the Company provide an opportunity 
for communication between the shareholders of the Company 
and the Board. The Company holds an annual general 
meeting (“AGM”) every year, and may hold a general meeting 
known as a special general meeting (“SGM”) whenever 
necessary.
— Right to c onvene SGM
Members of the Company holding at the date of deposit 
of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid-up 
capital of the Company carrying the right of voting at general 
meetings of the Company shall at all times have the right, by 
written requisition sent to the Company’s registered office at 
Clarendon House, 2 Church Street, Hamilton HM11, Bermuda 
(the “Registered Office”) or its principal office at Units A — 
F, 35/F., Legend Tower, No. 7 Shing Yip Street, Kwun Tong, 
Kowloon, Hong Kong (the “Principal Office”), for the attention 
of the Company Secretary, to require a SGM to be called by 
the Board for the transaction of any business specified in 
such requisition; and such meeting shall be held within two 
months after the deposit of such requisition.
The written requisition must state the purposes of the general 
meeting, signed by the member(s) concerned and may consist 
of several documents in like form, each signed by one or 
more of those members.
If the requisition is in order, the Company Secretary will ask 
the Board to convene a SGM by serving sufficient notice 
in accordance with the statutory requirements to all the 
registered members. On the contrary, if the requisition 
is invalid, the members concerned will be advised of this 
outcome and accordingly, a SGM will not be convened as 
requested.

===== PAGE 116 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited114
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
Company’s expenses for the said purposes, the member(s) 
concerned will be advised of this outcome and accordingly, 
the proposed resolution will not be included in the agenda 
for the AGM; or the statement will not be circulated for the 
shareholders’ meeting.
The procedures for shareholders of the Company to propose 
a person for election as a director is posted on the Company’s 
website.
INVESTOR RELATIONS
The Company has adopted a shareholders’ communication 
policy with the objective of ensuring that the shareholders 
of the Company and stakeholders will have equal and 
timely access to information about the Group. The Group 
adhere to the best practice in information disclosure in 
terms of accuracy, transparency and consistency. We are 
committed to maintaining highly honest, sincere and effective 
communication with the financial community and other 
stakeholders.
The Company will make the Corporate Communications 
available on its website (www.boevx.com) and the Stock 
Exchange’s website (www.hkexnews.hk). Shareholders may 
raise enquiries, suggestions or their views on the Company 
to the Board or management of the Company by sending an 
email to investor@boevx.com, which will be promptly handled 
and directed by the Company’s dedicated investor relations 
team.
A notice of publication of the website version of Corporate 
Communications, in both English and Chinese, will be sent 
by the Company to the Shareholders by email or by post (if 
the Company does not possess the functional email address 
of the Shareholder) on the publication date of the Corporate 
Communications at the election of the Shareholder.
The Group aimed to have proactive and timely  
communications with investor regarding the market 
and industry development, impact and corresponding 
measures of the Group. Our goals are to deepen investors’ 
understanding of the Group’s strategies, and through the 
effective communication, we are able to raise the quality of 
our management and to maximize the Group’s value.
The Company has reviewed the implementation and 
effectiveness of the shareholders’ communication policy 
conducted during the year and believes that the current 
communication policy has been effective at maintaining 
clear and timely communication with its shareholders and 
stakeholders.
Such SGM shall be held within two months after the deposit 
of such requisition. If within twenty-one days of such deposit 
the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the 
requisitionists themselves may convene a SGM in form of a 
physical meeting, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the 
requisitionists as a result of the failure of the Board would be 
reimbursed to the requisitionists by the Company.
— Right to p ut enquiries to the Board
Members of the Company do not generally have any right to 
put forward enquiries to the Board. There is no procedure set 
out in the Bermuda Companies Act 1981 or in the Bye-Laws 
of the Company available for any member to put forward 
an enquiry to the Board. A member of the Company may, 
of course, at any time write to the Board and it is up to the 
Board to decide whether or not to entertain any request 
made by a member of the Company.
Members of the Company who have enquiries about the 
above procedures or have enquiries to put to the Board may 
write to the Company Secretary at Units A — F, 35/F., Legend 
Tower, No. 7 Shing Yip Street, Kwun Tong, Kowloon, Hong 
Kong.
— Right to p ut forward proposals at shareholders’ 
meetings
Member(s) of the Company holding (i) not less than one-
twentieth of the total voting rights of all members having 
the right to vote at the shareholders’ meeting; or (ii) not less 
than 100 members, can submit a written request stating the 
resolution intended to be moved at an AGM; or a statement 
of not more than 1,000 words with respect to the matter 
referred to in any proposed resolution or the business to be 
dealt with at a particular shareholders’ meeting.
The written request/statements must be signed by the 
member(s) concern and deposited at the Registered Office 
or the Principal Office, for the attention of the Company 
Secretary, not less than six weeks before the AGM in the case 
of a requisition requiring notice of a resolution and not less 
than one week before the shareholders’ meeting in the case 
of any other requisition.
If the written request is in order, the Company Secretary will 
ask the Board (i) to include the resolution in the agenda for 
an AGM; or (ii) to circulate the statement for the shareholders’ 
meeting, provided that the member(s) concerned have 
deposited a sum of money reasonably determined by the 
Board sufficient to meet the Company’s expenses in serving 
the notice of the resolution and/or circulating the statement 
submitted by the member(s) concerned in accordance with 
the statutory requirements to all the registered members. 
On the contrary, if the requisition is invalid or the member(s) 
concerned have failed to deposit sufficient money to meet the 

===== PAGE 117 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 115
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
constructive engagement and to understand their views on 
matters affecting the Company, including governance and 
performance against the Company’s corporate strategy. The 
chairmen of the audit, remuneration, nomination and any 
other committees of the Company (as appropriate) are invited 
to attend. The chairman of the independent board committee 
and senior management (if applicable) is/are available to 
answer questions at any general meeting to approve a 
connected transaction or any other transaction that requires 
independent shareholders’ approval.
PROTECTION OF THE RIGHTS OF THE 
INVESTORS
BOEVx places a high premium on information disclosure 
and investor relations management. We publish  
interim and annual result reports as well as circulate 
other announcements where necessary. The Company 
communicates with investors on a periodic basis and actively 
shares the investors’ suggestions and feedback about the 
Company’s products, operations and governance with internal 
teams so as to maximize the protection of the investors’ 
rights.
Various online and offline communication formats and 
channels are adopted by the Group, such as announcement, 
shareholders’ meeting, video or voice conferences, seller-
side organized offline seminar and non-deal roadshow etc. 
to communicate with various stakeholders such as analysts, 
retail and institutional investors. These communication 
channels served to reinforce understanding and trust 
between the Group and the capital market. Meanwhile 
our management also gained better knowledge of the 
expectations and demands from the capital market on the 
Group. We will seriously consider and put into practice all 
constructive suggestions. In 2025, the Group participated 
in more than 90 investor relations’ events, including but not 
limited to, post-results roadshows, self-organized investor 
day, seller-side organized investor conferences/corporate 
days, individual/group meetings and conference calls.
The AGM is an important opportunity for communicating with 
shareholders. The Company’s Chairman, Directors, senior 
management and the external auditors are available at the 
AGM to answer questions from shareholders of the Company. 
The Board, in particular the independent non-executive 
Directors, should be accessible to shareholders to facilitate 
Comprehensively showcasing the solid foundation of the Company’s intelligent cockpit, the 
leading global intelligent cockpit display technology, as well as innovative application 
scenarios for the future-oriented “HERO” cockpit intelligent interaction. Through extensive 
media coverage and widespread dissemination across the Internet, it has gained broad, 
in-depth, and precise communication eﬀects and attracted high attention.
 Group public account/video account
 Group cooperative media
 Company oﬃcial website
 Cooperation with third-party institutions
 The Company’s own WeChat public
 account platform
 Related display/smart cockpit/cooperation
 with automotive industry professional media
PUBLIC RELATIONS MEDIA COMMUNICATION FORMS AND CHANNELS
News
Release
Video/Live 
Stream/
Media Event/
Interview
Promotional
Poster
KOL
Check-in
Stock
Investment
Financial
Statements


===== PAGE 118 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited116
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
The Company fully and deeply shared the strategic traction 
value of the company’s “V+ Business Strategy” with investors 
and the media. At the same time, it conducted in-depth 
exchanges of views on current industrial development 
trends and hot topics like OLED and AI that have attracted 
much attention in the industry, fully embracing the wave of 
industrial development and leading the future direction.
Offline investor visit and exchange meeting at its 
Chengdu Automotive Display plant
On October 14, 2025, BOEVx successfully held an offline 
investor visit and exchange meeting at its Chengdu 
Automotive Display plant. A total of 12 institutional investors 
were invited to participate in the event. Through a variety of 
interactive activities, including on-site visits to the production 
line and face-to-face in-depth dialogues with management, 
they were able to experience firsthand BOEVx’s leading 
technological innovation capabilities, first-class intelligent 
manufacturing capabilities, and forward-looking strategic 
layout in the automotive cockpit field.
SHARE REPURCHASE
In 2025, the Company repurchased its 6,183,000 shares 
under the share award plan.
These repurchases underscore the Company’s firm 
commitment to the long-term steady development of the 
capital market, ensuring high-quality growth to reward 
shareholders and share development benefits with investors.
2025 BOE investor day — “V+ Business Strategy” 
outlines a new blueprint for corporate value leap
On 8 July 2025, the “2025 BOE Investor Day” was grandly 
held in Pujiang, Shanghai. As a global leader in automotive 
displays, the Company fully demonstrated its global strategic 
layout, latest operational performance, and technological 
innovation achievements to investors and media. Dr. Gao 
Wenbao, Mr. Su Ning and other core management attended 
the event, conveying the Company’s strong confidence in its 
development.


===== PAGE 119 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 117
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
1 2025 Consumer Electronics Show 
(CES) Express news | walk into the 
BOEVx opening day
2 SAIC-Volkswagen Technology 
Showcase
3 Annual Results Conference
4 BOE f-OLED Flexible Display 
Technology Source Forum
5 2025 Shenzhen Smart Cockpit 
Summit Forum
6 The 21st Shanghai International 
Automobile Industry Exhibition
7 The Second Supplier Quality 
Conference 2025
8 Members Conference of CAAM 
Intelligent Display and “Getting 
to Know BOE•New Products/
Technologies” Exchange Meeting
9 The First Two-Wheeler Intelligent 
Technology Development 
Conference
10 2025 Society for Information 
Display’s display week
11 2025 BOE Investor Day
12 DIC 2025
13 2025 Automotive smart glass 
innovation technology and 
application conference
14 BOEVx makes its debut at the “Hello 
BOE” 5th anniversary celebration in 
Beijing
15 IPC 2025
Meetings/Exhibitions/Talks/Seminars
1
 2
 3
4
 5
 6
7
 8
 9
10
 11
 12
13
 14
 15

===== PAGE 120 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited118
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
Collaborations
1
4
2
3
1 Supporting Xiaopeng’s “Twin Stars”
2 Jointly develop “variable” flexible 
OLED cockpit with Haiwei 
Technology
3 Signed a strategic cooperation 
agreement with BICV
4 REHEO Technology Co. Ltd. was 
approved to become a member 
of Anhui Automobile Industry 
Association
5 V+ Screen Strength | BOEVx 
creates the largest single-unit 
cockpit screen for the Li Auto i8
6 BOEVx empowers the all-new NIO 
ES8, setting a new benchmark for 
cockpit visual interaction
7 BOEVx empowers Chery’s Fulwin 
T11 and Jetour G700, marking 
another fruitful collaboration with 
Chery over 15 years

===== PAGE 121 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 119
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on the information that is publicly available and within 
the knowledge of the directors, during the year ended 31 
December 2025, the Company has maintained the prescribed 
public float under the Listing Rules.
CHANGE OF CONSTITUTIONAL 
DOCUMENT
During the year ended 31 December 2025, there had been no 
change in the Company’s constitutional documents.
We are grateful to all stakeholders for their remarkable 
support. If you have any questions or comments with regards 
to our work, please contact us at investor@boevx.com. All 
questions or comments will be replied to the extent permitted 
by applicable laws, regulations and the Listing Rules.
Honors and Awards
1 GAC Technology Innovation Award
2 2025 CDIA Display Application 
Innovation of the Year
3 Hangsheng Group Special 
Contribution Award
4 Yanfeng Group Excellent Supplier 
Award
5 ADAYO Foryou General 
Outstanding Contribution Award
6 Desay SV Excellent Business 
Cooperation Award
7 Top 100 Chinese Automotive 
Supply Chain Companies
8 Network security — ISO 27001, ISO 
21434 and TISAX
9 “Golden Kunpeng” Best New Quality 
Productivity Listed Company
10 Li Auto “Outstanding Quality Award”
1
2
3
6
8
5
7
9
 10
4

===== PAGE 122 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited120
REPORT OF   
THE DIRECTORS
The Directors have pleasure in submitting herewith their 
report together with the audited financial statements of the 
Group for the year ended 31 December 2025.
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND BUSINESS 
REVIEW
The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. 
The Group is principally engaged in the automotive and 
industrial display business and has monochrome display 
manufacturing capacity and TFT module assembly capacity. 
Since its incorporation, the Company has been combining 
scientific and technological research, innovative product 
design, flexible product specifications and efficient 
manufacturing for many applications, including automotive 
components, industrial and consumer products, also 
providing complete display solutions for its customers. 
In addition to supplying standard products, the Group 
also provides tailor-made LCDs (liquid crystal display) and 
modules for the specific needs of its customers. Particulars 
of the Company’s principal subsidiaries set out in Note 14(a) 
to the financial statements of this Annual Report. Further 
discussion and analysis of the Group’s activities as required 
by Schedule 5 to the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622 of The 
Laws of Hong Kong), including a discussion of the principal 
risks and uncertainties facing the Group, an indication of likely 
future developments in the Group’s business and an analysis 
using financial key performance indicators, can be found in 
Chairman’s Statement on page 5, Management Discussion 
and Analysis on pages 6 to 15, Environmental, Social and 
Governance Report on pages 16 to 93, and Notes 26(e) and 
27 to the financial statements of this Annual Report.
A discussion on the Group’s key relationships with its 
stakeholders, environmental policies and performance, 
and its compliance with the relevant laws and regulations 
that have a significant impact on the Group is contained in 
Environmental, Social and Governance Report on pages 16 to 
93 of this Annual Report. These discussions form part of this 
Directors’ Report.
The analysis of the principal activities, revenue by location of 
sourcing decision of customers during the financial year are 
set out in Notes 4 and 11(b) to the financial statements of this 
Annual Report.
SUBSIDIARIES
Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries as at 31 
December 2025 are set out in Note 14(a) to the financial 
statements.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 
2025 and the state of affairs of the Company and the Group 
at that date are set out in the financial statements on pages 
142 to 198 of this Annual Report.
DIVIDEND AND DIVIDEND POLICY
The Board has recommended declaring a final dividend of 
15.3 HK cents (2024: 17.0 HK cents) per share, representing a 
total of 15.3 HK cents (2024: 17.0 HK cents) per share for the 
year ended 2025.
The Board has approved and adopted a dividend policy on 
1 January 2019 (the “Dividend Policy”). Under the Dividend 
Policy, subject to compliance with applicable laws, rules and 
regulations and the bye-laws of the Company, the Company 
intends to maintain a stable dividend policy in future with 
a dividend payout ratio of not less than 30%. The Dividend 
Policy will continue to be reviewed from time to time and 
there can be no assurance that dividends will be paid in any 
particular amount for any given period. The determination 
to pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion 
of the Board and will be based on the profits, cash flows, 
financial condition, capital requirements and other conditions 
that the Board deems relevant. The payment of dividends 
may be limited by legal restrictions and agreements that the 
Company may enter into in the future.
The Group has no change in the Dividend Policy for the year 
ended 2025.
ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (“AGM”)
The AGM will be held on Thursday, 25 June 2026. The notice 
of AGM will be published and despatched to the shareholders 
of the Company in the manner as required by the Listing 
Rules in due course.

===== PAGE 123 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 121
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
The register of members of the Company will be closed from 
Thursday, 18 June 2026 to Thursday, 25 June 2026 (both 
days inclusive), during which period no transfer of shares will 
be registered. Shareholders whose names appear on the 
register of members of the Company on Thursday, 25 June 
2026 shall be entitled to attend and vote at the AGM. In order 
to be eligible to attend and vote at the forthcoming AGM, 
all transfers of shares accompanied by the relevant share 
certificates must be lodged with the Company’s Hong Kong 
branch share registrar and transfer office, Computershare 
Hong Kong Investor Services Limited (“Computershare”), of 
Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s 
Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on 
Wednesday, 17 June 2026.
Subject to the shareholders approving the recommended 
final dividend at the AGM of the Company, such dividend will 
be payable on or around Friday, 17 July 2026 to shareholders 
whose names appear on the register of members of the 
Company on Friday, 10 July 2026. To determine eligibility for 
the final dividend, the register of members of the Company 
will be closed from Tuesday, 7 July 2026 to Friday, 10 July 
2026 (both days inclusive), during which period no shares can 
be registered. In order to qualify for the aforementioned final 
dividend, all transfers of shares accompanied by the relevant 
share certificates must be lodged with Computershare, of 
Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s 
Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on 
Monday, 6 July 2026.
SHARE CAPITAL AND SHARE SCHEMES
Details of the movements in the share capital and share 
scheme of the Company during the year are set out in Note 
26(c) and 25 respectively to the financial statements.
CHARITABLE DONATIONS
Charitable donations made by the Group during the year 
amounted to HK$252,062 (2024: HK$87,373).
In November 2025, a severe fire broke out at Wang Fuk Court 
in Tai Po, Hong Kong, drawing deep concern and sympathy 
from all sectors of society. As a company rooted in Hong 
Kong, we have always stood together with the community. On 
the first day of mourning, the Board promptly announced a 
corporate donation of HK$200,000 and launched a voluntary 
employee donation initiative. All contributions collected have 
be transferred to the “The Support Fund for Wang Fuk Court 
in Tai Po” established by the Hong Kong SAR Government, 
in support of fire rescue efforts and post -disaster  
reconstruction. We hope that this gesture of warmth and 
solidarity will bring comfort to the fire victims and help them 
overcome this difficult time.
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Movements in property, plant and equipment during the year 
are set out in Note 12 to the financial statements.
RESERVES
Details of movements in reserves of the Company during the 
year are set out in Note 26(a) to the financial statements. 
Details of movements in reserves of the Group during the 
year are set out in the Consolidated Statement of Changes in 
Equity.
BANK LOANS
The Group has bank loan of HK$308 million as at 31 
December 2025 (2024: HK$376 million).
CAPITALISATION OF INTEREST
No interest was capitalised by the Group during the year
FIVE YEAR SUMMARY
A summary of the results and the assets and liabilities of the 
Group for the last five financial years is set out on page 199 of 
this Annual Report.
COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND 
REGULATIONS
The Group recognises the importance of the compliance 
with the laws and regulations in commercial activities that 
domicile, and the failure to comply could result in serious 
risk and consequences. The Group has reasonably allocated 
legal, corporate governance, financial and human resources, 
in particular, the setting up of the compliance and risk 
management team, to ensure ongoing compliance with 
respective requirements of the laws and regulations and the 
policies. Meanwhile, the Group maintains good relationships 
with Government regulators through effective communication. 
During the year under review, to the best of our knowledge, 
the Group has complied with the following salient PRC laws 
and regulations, namely the Foreign Investment Law, the 
Company Law, the Environmental Protection Law, Control of 
Foreign Exchange Regulations and other relevant laws and 
regulations.
The Group is also committed to the compliance with the 
following salient laws and regulations in Hong Kong, including 
but not limited to the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of 
the Laws of Hong Kong), the Listing Rules, the Securities and 
Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) 
and has been working with external professionals to develop 
internal guidelines and educating its employees so as to 
ensure that the Group and its employees will adopt business 
practices that are compliant with the relevant laws from time 
to time.

===== PAGE 124 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited122
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND 
PERFORMANCE
The Group follows the principle to behave ethically and 
responsibly in daily operation to fulfill its environmental and 
social responsibilities. The Group has obtained ISO 9001 
(Quality Control System), ISO 45001 (Occupational Health 
and Safety Management System), ISO 14001 (Environmental 
Management Systems) and etc. to govern environmental, 
social and governance related aspect of its operations. The 
Group has not noted any material incompliance with relevant 
laws and regulations in relation to its business including 
health and safety, workplace conditions, employment and the 
environment. Further details of the Group’s environmental 
policies and performance is disclosed in the Environmental, 
Social and Governance Report of this Annual Report.
DIRECTORS
The Directors during the financial year and up to the latest 
practicable date of this Annual Report were:
EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS:
Mr. Gao Wenbao (Chairman) (resigned on 10 October 2025)
Mr. Su Ning (Chairman) 
 (appointed as Chairman on 10 October 2025)
Ms. Ko Wing Yan, Samantha
Mr. Lo Pak Chi (appointed on 10 October 2025)
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS:
Mr. Shao Xibin
Mr. Jin Hao (resigned on 10 October 2025)
Mr. Meng Chao
Mr. Liu Jing (appointed on 10 October 2025)
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTORS:
Mr. Fung, Yuk Kan Peter
Mr. Chu, Howard Ho Hwa
Mr. Pang Chunlin
In accordance with bye-law 84 of the Company, Ms. Ko Wing 
Yan, Samantha, Mr. Meng Chao and Mr. Pang Chunlin will 
retire by rotation at the forthcoming annual general meeting 
(the “AGM”), and in accordance with bye-law 83(2) of the 
Company, Mr. Lo Pak Chi and Mr. Liu Jing will retire. All the 
above-mentioned retiring Directors, being eligible, will offer 
themselves for re-election at the AGM.
DIRECTORS OF SUBSIDIARIES
List of directors of subsidiaries of the Company during the 
year and up to the date of this report is kept at the Company’s 
principal place of business.
DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ 
INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN 
SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND 
DEBENTURES
As at 31 December 2025, the interests of the Directors and 
chief executive of the Company and their associates in the 
shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company 
and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part 
XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)), 
as required to be notified to the Company and the Stock 
Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the 
SFO (including interests and short positions which they are 
taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), 
as recorded in the register required to be maintained by 
the Company under Section 352 of the SFO or as required, 
pursuant to the Model Code to be notified to the Company 
and the Stock Exchange were as follows:
(I)  INTERESTS IN SHARES OF THE 
COMPANY AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2025
Name of 
Director Capacity
Number of 
shares in the 
Company held
Approximate 
percentage of 
the total issued 
share capital of 
the Company 
(Note 3)
Su Ning 
(Note 1)
Personal 
Interest
1,850,700 0.2338%
Ko Wing Yan, Samantha Personal 
Interest
1,458,000 0.1842%
Lo Pak Chi 
(Note 2)
Personal 
Interest
106,100 0.0134%
Fung, Yuk Kan Peter Personal 
Interest
263,000 0.0332%
Chu, Howard Ho Hwa Personal 
Interest
160,000 0.0202%
Pang Chunlin Personal 
Interest
33,000 0.0042%
Notes:
1. Mr. Su Ning p urchased 150,000 shares in April 2025.
2. Mr. Lo Pak Ch i disposed 40,000 shares in December 2025.
3. Calculated based on the Company’s total number of issued share  
capital of 791,575,204 shares as at 31 December 2025.
4. The above int erest represented long positions.

===== PAGE 125 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 123
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
(II)  INTERESTS IN SHARES OF BOE 
TECHNOLOGY GROUP CO., LTD. (“BOE”) 
(AN ASSOCIATED CORPORATION) AS 
AT 31 DECEMBER 2025 (NOTE 1)
Name of Director Capacity
Number of 
A shares in 
BOE held
Approximate 
percentage of 
the total issued 
share capital 
of BOE 
(Note 5)
Su Ning Personal 
Interest
150,000 0.0004%
Shao Xibin Personal 
Interest
342,820 
(Note 2)
0.0009%
Meng Chao Personal 
Interest
537,500 
(Note 3)
0.0014%
Liu Jing 
(Note 4)
Personal 
Interest
425,920 0.0011%
Notes:
1. BOE holds 419,730,000 shares of the Company, representing 53.02% 
of the issued share capital of the Company. The shares of BOE are 
listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange with stock code 000725 for 
its A shares and stock code 200725 for its B shares.
2. On 21 December 2020, BOE granted 634,000 shares to Mr. Shao  
under the 2020 share option and restricted share incentive scheme. 
After the year ended 31 December 2025, Mr. Shao disposed 150,000 
shares in January 2026.
3. On  21 December 2020, BOE granted 487,500 shares to Mr. Meng 
under the 2020 share option and restricted share incentive scheme.
4. Mr. Liu Jing appointed as a non-executive Director with effect from 10 
October 2025.
5. Ca lculated based on BOE’s total number of issued share capital of 
37,413,880,464 shares as at 31 December 2025.
6. All the interes ts disclosed above represent long positions.
Other than the aforesaid and as disclosed under the section 
headed “Share Schemes and Directors’ and Chief Executives’ 
Rights to Acquire Shares or Debentures” below, as at 31 
December 2025, none of the Directors, chief executives or 
any of their associates had any interests or short positions 
in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the 
Company or any of its associated corporations as recorded in 
the register required to be kept under Section 352 of Part XV 
of the SFO or as otherwise notified to the Company and the 
Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.
BASIS OF DETERMINING 
REMUNERATION TO DIRECTORS
The Remuneration Committee considers and recommends 
to the Board on the remuneration and other benefits paid by 
the Company to the Directors by reference to the Company’s 
results, individual duties, responsibilities and performance 
and prevailing market conditions. The remuneration of all 
Directors is subject to monitoring by the Remuneration 
Committee to ensure that the levels of their remuneration are 
appropriate.
SHARE SCHEMES AND DIRECTORS’ 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ RIGHTS TO 
ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
SHARE AWARD PLAN
Purpose
On 28 August 2020 (the “Adoption Date”), the Company 
adopted a share award plan. The terms of the share award 
plan are in accordance with the provisions of Chapter 17 of 
the Listing Rules. The purposes of the share award plan are to 
recognise and reward the contribution of the participants, to 
give incentives to the participants in order to retain them for 
the continual operation and development of the Group and 
to attract suitable personnel for further development of the 
Group.
Participant
Participant(s) refers to the Group’s and invested entity’s 
employees, directors and adviser, and any other group 
or classes of participants who have contributed or may 
contribute by way of joint venture, business alliance or other 
business arrangement to the development and growth of the 
Group.
Total Number of Shares Available for Grant 
(Excluding Treasury Shares)
During the year, 6,183,000 shares of the Company 
(representing 0.78%* of the issued share capital of the 
Company) are purchased on the Stock Exchange at a total 
consideration of approximately HK$30,876,000 (including 
purchase price of HK$30,821,000 and transaction costs of 
HK$55,000). Total accumulated number of shares of the 
Company purchased is 20,356,000 (representing 2.57%* of 
the issued shares capital of the Company) under the share 
award plan.

===== PAGE 126 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited124
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
The Company does not issue any number of shares in respect 
of awards granted under the share award plan during the 
year. The number of shares that may be issued in respect of 
awards granted under the share award plan during the year 
divided by the weighted average number of shares of the 
relevant class in issue (excluding treasury shares) for the year 
is nil.
* Calculated based on the Company’s total number of issued share  
capital of 791,575,204 shares as at 31 December 2025 and the LPD.
Maximum Entitlement of Each Participant
The maximum number of shares to be subscribed for and/
or purchased for the share award plan shall not exceed 
10.00% of the total number of issued shares of the Company 
(excluding treasury shares) as at the Adoption Date.
The maximum number of shares which may be subject 
to an award or awards to a selected participant shall not 
in aggregate exceed 1.00% of the total number of issued 
shares of the Company (excluding treasury shares) as at the 
Adoption Date.
Minimum Vesting Period
The Board may from time to time considered the performance 
target which must be achieved and minimum period for which 
the awarded share must be held before they are vested.
On 14 April 2025, a total of 3,339,000 awarded shares 
(representing 0.42%* of the issued shares capital of the 
Company) were granted to the selected participants pursuant 
to the share award plan. As permitted under the share award 
plan, the awarded shares granted to the selected participants 
have a mixed vesting schedule with a total vesting period 
(i.e. the period between the date of the grants and the last 
vesting date) of 24 months. While the first vesting of the grant 
to the selected participants is shorter than 12 months as 
determined by the Board, the overall awarded shares granted 
to the selected participants have a mixed vesting schedule 
with a vesting period spanning from the date of the grant to 
29 April 2027. The Board and the Remuneration Committee 
consider that such arrangements (a) are appropriate and 
commercially competitive and reasonable as a majority of 
the awarded shares are subject to a longer vesting period, 
which will ensure that the long-terms interest of the selected 
participants and the Company are aligned and the selected 
participants will be motivated to contribute to the Company’s 
development; and (b) are permitted under the terms of the 
share award plan. The vesting period and performance target 
are disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 14 April 
2025.
From 12 January 2026 to 10 April 2026 being the latest 
practicable date (the “LPD”) prior to the issue of this annual 
report, 1,204,000 shares of the Company (representing 
0.15%* of the issued share capital of the Company) are 
purchased on the Stock Exchange at a total consideration 
of approximately HK$5,370,000 (including purchase price 
of HK$5,360,000 and transaction costs of HK$10,000). Total 
accumulated number of shares of the Company purchased 
are 21,560,000 (representing 2.72%* of the issued share 
capital of the Company). During the blackout period (21 
January 2026 to 23 March 2026) of the Company, it must not 
deal any shares of the Company.
On 14 April 2025, the Board has granted a total of 3,339,000 
awarded shares (representing 0.42%* of the issued shares 
capital of the Company) to the certain selected participants, 
comprising to 6 Directors and certain employees of the 
Group, pursuant to the share award plan.
The total number of awarded shares that was purchased, 
lapsed and remain available for grant (excluding treasury 
shares) is 2,407,100, 5,469,300 and 6,696,400 as of 1 January 
2025, 31 December 2025 and the LPD, representing 0.30%*, 
0.69%* and 0.85%* of the issued share capital of the 
Company respectively. The total number of awarded shares 
available for grant (excluding treasury shares) is 6,696,400 as 
of the LPD, representing 0.85%* of the issued share capital of 
the Company.
At the end of the financial year of 2025, after deducting the 
3,339,000 awarded shares granted on 14 April 2025, and 
considered share purchased and lapsed shares, the total 
number of awarded shares that can be granted was 5,469,300 
(representing 0.69%* of the issued share capital of the 
Company) calculated based on the accumulated 21,560,000 
shares of the Company purchased in so far. The remaining 
shares that could be granted were 58,252,520 (representing 
7.36%* of the issued share capital of the Company) calculated 
based on the maximum number of awarded shares that can 
be granted at the Adoption Date (excluding treasury shares).
At the LPD, after deducting the 3,339,000 awarded shares 
granted on 14 April 2025, and considered shares purchased 
and lapsed shares, the total number of awarded shares that 
can be granted were 6,696,400 (representing 0.85%* of the 
issued share capital of the Company) calculated based on the 
accumulated 21,560,000 shares of the Company purchased 
in so far. The remaining shares that could be granted were 
58,252,520 (representing 7.36%* of the issued share capital 
of the Company) calculated based on the maximum number 
of awarded shares that can be granted at the Adoption Date 
(excluding treasury shares).

===== PAGE 127 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 125
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
(iv) The selected participant shall comply with the 
compliance requirement as required by, including 
but not limited to, The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong 
Limited, Security and Future Commission, Companies 
Ordinance, tax authorities and rules and regulation of 
the Company and/or its affiliates. The Company reserves 
the right to cancel the selected participant’s eligibility 
for the share award plan or lock up the selected 
participant’s vested shares if the selected participant 
has failed to comply with the above requirements. Any 
unvested award shares shall be lapsed and cancelled 
immediately.
Payment on Acceptance of the Awarded Shares
Consideration of the awarded shares granted is nil. The 
participants are required to submit to the Company a duly 
signed offer letter.
Basis of Determining the Purchase Price
The shares may be purchased on the Stock Exchange at the 
prevailing market price (subject to such maximum price as 
may be from time to time prescribed by the Board), or off 
the market. In the event that any purchases, the purchase 
price for such purchases shall not be higher than the lower of 
the following: (i) the closing market price on the date of such 
purchase, and (ii) the average closing market price for the five 
preceding trading days on which the shares were traded on 
the Stock Exchange.
Awarded Share Period and Remaining Life
The share award plan shall be valid and effective for a period 
of 10 years commencing from the Adoption Date and as at 
31 December 2025, the share award plan has a remaining 
life of up to 27 August 2030, but may be terminated earlier as 
determined by the Board.
Subject to the share award plan, the trust deed and the 
fulfilment of the vesting conditions as set out in the grant 
notice to each selected participant, the awarded shares held 
by the trustee shall vest in the respective selected participant, 
and the trustee shall cause the awarded shares to be 
transferred to such selected participant on the vesting date.
The trustee shall not exercise the voting rights in respect of 
the awarded shares held under trust constituted by the trust 
deed. The selected participants shall not have any right to 
receive any awarded shares set aside for them unless and 
until the trustee has transferred and vested the legal and 
beneficial ownership of such awarded shares to and in the 
selected participants.
The number of the awarded shares granted is determined 
based on the selected participants’ position, years of service, 
performance and future long-term contribution to the Group. 
Talent development and reserve are very important to the 
future development of the Company. In addition to providing 
competitive salaries, the Group also grants long-term 
incentives to (a) recognise and reward the contribution of the 
selected participants to the growth and development of the 
Group and to give incentives thereto in order to retain them 
for the continual operation and development of the Group; 
and (b) to attract suitable personnel for further development 
and improve competitiveness of the Group. Through long-
term incentives for the selected participants could align 
the interests of the selected participants with that of the 
shareholders of the Company effectively, which is expected to 
have a positive impact on the market value of the Group. As 
such, the Remuneration Committee holds the view that the 
grant of the awarded shares, including the vesting periods are 
fair and reasonable and consistent with the purposes of the 
share award plan.
Performance Target
The vesting of the awarded shares is subject to the fulfilment 
of certain performance targets and other requirements as 
set out in the grant notice to be entered into between the 
Company and each selected participant. The performance 
targets shall include: financial targets (such as net profit 
after tax for the year of the Group and management/
business targets (such as productivity, quality, research 
and development ability, client satisfaction etc.) which shall 
be determined based on the (i) individual performance; 
(ii) performance of the Group and/or (iii) performance of 
business groups, business units, business lines, functional 
departments, projects and/or geographical area managed 
by the selected participants. In case the vesting conditions 
are not satisfied in part or in full, the relevant portion of the 
award shares granted would lapse.
Clawback Mechanism
(i) The Board has an absolute discretion to determine  
any terms and conditions of the grant of the awarded 
shares and withdraw the awarded shares.
(ii) T he grant of the awarded shares shall become invalid 
immediately if the selected participant resigns or if his/
her employment contract is terminated.
(iii) The selected participant should keep the share award  
plan confidential. If the selected participant is found to 
disclose or discuss with others, the Company reserves 
the right to cancel the selected participant’s eligibility for 
the share award plan.

===== PAGE 128 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited126
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
Movements in the Company’s awarded shares during the year are as follows:
Category Date of grant
Number of 
awarded 
shares 
yet to be 
vested as at 
1 January 
2025
Number of 
awarded 
shares 
granted 
during 
the year
Number of 
awarded 
shares 
vested 
during 
the year
Number of 
awarded 
shares 
cancelled/
lapsed during 
the year
Number of 
awarded 
shares 
yet to be 
vested as at 
31 December 
2025 Vesting date
Closing price 
of per 
awarded 
share at the 
dates of grant 
of awarded 
shares
Closing 
price of per 
awarded 
share 
immediately 
before the 
dates of 
grant of 
awarded 
shares 
(Note 8)
Weighted 
average 
closing price 
of the 
awarded 
shares 
immediately 
before the 
dates on 
which the 
awarded 
shares were 
vested
Directors
Su Ning 22 March 2023 12,400 – 12,400 – 0 (Note 1) HK$14.82 N/A HK$4.80
22 March 2024 71,400 – 35,700 – 35,700 (Note 2) HK$5.18 N/A HK$5.45
14 April 2025 – 216,000 86,400 – 129,600 (Note 3) HK$5.25 HK$5.02 HK$5.51
Ko Wing Yan, Samantha 22 March 2023 10,800 – 10,800 – 0 (Note 1) HK$14.82 N/A HK$4.80
22 March 2024 14,400 – 7,200 – 7,200 (Note 2) HK$5.18 N/A HK$5.45
14 April 2025 – 43,000 17,200 – 25,800 (Note 3) HK$5.25 HK$5.02 HK$5.51
Lo Pak Chi 22 March 2023 9,200 – 9,200 – 0 (Note 1) HK$14.82 N/A HK$4.80
(Note 5) 22 March 2024 33,000 – 16,500 – 16,500 (Note 2) HK$5.18 N/A HK$5.45
14 April 2025 – 74,000 29,600 – 44,400 (Note 3) HK$5.25 HK$5.02 HK$5.51
Fung, Yuk Kan Peter 22 March 2024 18,000 – 9,000 – 9,000 (Note 2) HK$5.18 N/A HK$5.45
14 April 2025 – 30,000 12,000 – 18,000 (Note 3) HK$5.25 HK$5.02 HK$5.51
Chu, Howard Ho Hwa 22 March 2024 18,000 – 9,000 – 9,000 (Note 2) HK$5.18 N/A HK$5.45
14 April 2025 – 30,000 12,000 – 18,000 (Note 3) HK$5.25 HK$5.02 HK$5.51
Pang Chunlin 22 March 2024 18,000 – 9,000 – 9,000 (Note 2) HK$5.18 N/A HK$5.45
14 April 2025 – 30,000 12,000 – 18,000 (Note 3) HK$5.25 HK$5.02 HK$5.51
Employees 21 December 2022 141,000 – 141,000 – 0 (Note 4) HK$13.86 N/A HK$6.45
(Note 6) 22 March 2023 212,000 – 212,000 – 0 (Note 1) HK$14.82 N/A HK$4.80
22 March 2024 1,021,200 – 507,000 46,800 467,400 (Note 2) HK$5.18 N/A HK$5.45
14 April 2025 – 2,916,000 1,164,800 171,400 1,579,800 (Note 3) HK$5.25 HK$5.02 HK$5.51
           
  1,579,400 3,339,000 2,312,800 218,200 
(Note 7)
2,387,400   
           

===== PAGE 129 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 127
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
Notes:
1. Vesting date:
(i) the first 30% of the awarded shares shall be vested on 12 April 2023;
(ii) the second 30 % of the awarded shares shall be vested on 12 April 2024; and
(iii) the remaining  40% of the awarded shares shall be vested on 11 April 2025.
2. Vesting date:
(i) the first 40% of the awarded shares shall be vested on 2 May 2024;
(ii) the second 30 % of the awarded shares shall be vested on 2 May 2025; and
(iii) the remaining  30% of the awarded shares shall be vested on 4 May 2026.
3. Vesting date:
(i) the first 40% of the awarded shares shall be vested on 8 May 2025;
(ii) the second 30 % of the awarded shares shall be vested on 29 April 2026; and
(iii) the remaining  30% of the awarded shares shall be vested on 29 April 2027.
4. Vesting date:
(i) the first 40% of the awarded shares shall be vested on 27 March 2023;
(ii) the second 30 % of the awarded shares shall be vested on 27 March 2024; and
(iii) the remaining  30% of the awarded shares shall be vested on 27 March 2025.
5. Mr. Lo Pak Chi was ap pointed as an executive Director with effect from 10 October 2025. His awarded shares are reclassified from the category 
“Employees” to “Director”.
6. The total num ber of awarded shares granted to the 5 highest paid individuals during the financial year of 2025 was 429,000.
7. The awarded shares are lapsed.
8. During the year ended 31 December 2025, the closing price of per awarded share immediately before the date (14 April 2025) on which the awards 
were granted was HK$5.02.
9. The purchase  price of all awarded shares is nil.
10. All the interes ts disclosed above represent long positions.
No expected dividends were incorporated into the measurement of fair value. Information on the accounting policy for the 
grant of awarded shares is provided in the accounting policy for the grant of Note 2(r)(iv) on page 158 of this Annual Report.
Number of awarded shares Date of grant
Closing price per 
awarded share on 
the date of grant
Fair value of 
awarded shares 
at the date of grant
500,000 21 December 2022 HK$13.86 HK$6,930,000
662,000 22 March 2023 HK$14.82 HK$9,810,840
2,047,000 22 March 2024 HK$5.18 HK$10,603,460
3,339,000 14 April 2025 HK$5.25 HK$17,529,750
    
Apart from the foregoing, at no time during the year was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangement to 
enable the Directors or chief executive or any of their spouses or children under 18 years of age to acquire benefits by means 
of the acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company or any other body corporate.

===== PAGE 130 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited128
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSONS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT 
POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
As at 31 December 2025, other than the interests disclosed under the section headed “Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests 
and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures”, so far as is known to the Directors and chief executives of 
the Company, the following companies and person had interests and short positions in the shares and underlying shares of the 
Company as recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 336 of the SFO:
Name Capacity
Number of 
shares in the 
Company held
Number of 
underlying 
shares in the 
Company held Total
Approximate 
percentage of 
the total issued 
share capital of 
the Company 
(Note 2)
BOE Technology Group 
Co., Ltd.
Interest of controlled 
corporation
419,730,000 
(Note 1)
– 419,730,000 53.02%
Notes:
1. BOE  is a joint stock company established in the PRC and the issued shares of which are listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange with stock code 000725 
for its A shares and stock code 200725 for its B shares.
2. Calculated ba sed on the Company’s total number of issued share capital of 791,575,204 shares as at 31 December 2025.
3. All the interes ts disclosed above represent long positions.

===== PAGE 131 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 129
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
charge of the mid-desk of the technology and product of 
the mid-desk of the display device and the IoT innovation 
business of BOE, the person in charge of the mid-desk of the 
technology and the product mid-desk terminal product and 
technology development of the display device and the IoT 
innovation business of BOE, senior vice president and co-
chief technology officer of BOE. Mr. Meng is the CPIO of the 
performance management center of the back-desk of BOE 
(business support system), and the Vice Chief Financial Officer 
of Chief Financial Officer organisation. Mr. Liu is a member of 
the executive committee, a senior vice president and the head 
of the front-desk of the display device and IoT innovation 
business of BOE.
Mr. Su, Mr. Shao, Mr. Meng and Mr. Liu may be considered 
having interests in the above-mentioned transactions. 
They have been abstained from voting in respect of those 
transactions.
Except as disclosed above, there has been no transaction, 
arrangement or contract of significance to which the 
Company, or any of its subsidiaries was a party, in which a 
Director of the Company and the Director’s connected entity 
had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted 
at the end of the year or at any time during the year. There 
is no material interest of directors in contracts involving the 
Company.
CONTINUING CONNECTED 
TRANSACTIONS, CONNECTED 
TRANSACTIONS AND OTHER RELATED 
PARTY TRANSACTIONS
A number of continuing connected transactions were 
entered into and between the Group and members of 
BOE. BOE Technology (HK) Limited (“BOE(HK)”), a wholly-
owned subsidiary of BOE, is the controlling shareholder of 
the Company throughout the year under review, holding 
approximately 53.02% of the issued share capital of the 
Company as at 31 December 2025. Therefore, any subsidiary 
of BOE is an associate of BOE(HK) and thus a connected 
person of the Company.
Saved as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, there 
were no other companies nor persons who had an interest 
or short position in the shares or underlying shares of the 
Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company 
under Section 336 of the SFO, or which were recorded in the 
register to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the 
SFO.
DEBENTURE ISSUE
The Group has not issued any debenture during the year 
ended 31 December 2025.
DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
Mr. Su Ning, Ms. Ko Wing Yan, Samantha and Mr. Lo Pak 
Chi have entered into a management agreement with the 
Company which may be terminated by either party to the 
agreement at one month’s notice.
Non-executive Directors are appointed for a term of 3 years. 
Independent non-executive Directors are appointed for a 
term subject to re-appointment as required by Bye-law.
No Director proposed for re-election at the forthcoming 
annual general meeting has an unexpired service contract 
which is not determinable by the Company or any of its 
subsidiaries within 1 year without payment of compensation, 
other than normal statutory compensation.
DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN 
TRANSACTION, ARRANGEMENT OR 
CONTRACT
Referring the section headed “Continuing Connected 
Transactions, Connected Transactions and Other Related 
Party Transactions” as disclosed, Mr. Su Ning (“Mr. Su”) held 
150,000 A shares of BOE, Mr. Shao Xibin (“Mr. Shao”) held 
342,820 A shares of BOE, Mr. Meng Chao (“Mr. Meng”) held 
537,500 issued A shares of BOE and Mr. Liu Jing (“Mr. Liu”) 
held 425,920 A shares of BOE. In addition, Mr. Su is a senior 
vice president of BOE. Mr. Shao is the deputy person in 

===== PAGE 132 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited130
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
(2) Renewed Trademark Licence Agreement
On 30 December 2024, in view of the expiration of the 
Trademark Licence Agreement on 31 December 2024, the 
Company, after considered the benefit as mentioned in the 
announcement dated 30 December 2024, has entered into 
the Renewed Trademark Licence Agreement (the “Renewed 
Trademark Licence Agreement”), pursuant to which the 
Company and BOE have agreed to extend the terms of the 
agreements to 31 December 2026.
Since the Company has amended its name to BOE Varitronix 
Limited in 2017, the Company has been adopting the 
Trademark for all its businesses, corporate promotions and 
other business activities in the display products and services, 
which are generally known and recognised by the public. With 
the stable supply of TFT panels and the provision of technical 
support by the BOE Group, the Group’s TFT business 
expanded rapidly, especially in the PRC. In view of the above, 
the Company entered into the Renewed Trademark License 
Agreement to continue to use the Trademark.
Pursuant to the Renewed Trademark Licence Agreement, the 
annual caps for the total annual payment for the relevant 
periods in 2025 and 2026 are as follows:
For the year 
ended 
31 December 
2025
For the year 
ending 
31 December 
2026
HK$ million HK$ million
Trademark Licence Fee 40 47
The total amounts of the Trademark Licence Fee during the 
year of 2025 was HK$24,655,000.
For details of the continuing connected transactions 
contemplated under the Renewed Trademark Licence 
Agreement, please refer to the announcement of the 
Company dated 30 December 2024.
(A)  CONTINUING CONNECTED 
TRANSACTIONS
(1) Renewed Master Purchase Agreement
On 10 October 2024, in view of the expiration of the 
Master Purchase Agreement on 31 December 2024, the 
Company, after considered the benefit as mentioned in the 
announcement dated 10 October 2024, has entered into the 
Renewed Master Purchase Agreement (the “Renewed Master 
Purchase Agreement”), pursuant to which the Company and 
BOE have agreed to extend the terms of the agreements to 
31 December 2027.
Pursuant to the Renewed Master Purchase Agreement, 
the Group has from time to time since 2016 engaged 
the BOE Group to purchase the TFT panels and other 
products including, but not limited to, raw materials for the 
manufacturing of its LCDs and related products, in particular 
TFT/TP modules, from the BOE Group.
Leveraging its competitive edges, such as panel research 
and automated manufacturing process, the BOE Group has 
supplied the Group with TFT panels with customized design 
and comprehensive quality support at prices considered to be 
fair and reasonable by the Company. With the stable supply 
of TFT panels and provision of technical support by the BOE 
Group, together with the availability of the BOE Group’s full 
spectrum of state-of-the-art display products, the Group’s TFT 
business expanded rapidly, especially in the PRC, even though 
the automotive display market faced keen competition.
Pursuant to the Renewed Master Purchase Agreement, the 
annual caps under the Renewed Master Purchase Agreement 
for the three years are as follows:
For the year 
ended 
31 December 
2025
For the year 
ending 
31 December 
2026
For the 
year ending 
31 
December 2027
HK$ million HK$ million HK$ million
Purchase Transactions 6,150 7,550 9,400
The total amount of the Purchase Transactions during the 
year of 2025 was HK$5,138,765,000.
For details of the continuing connected transactions 
contemplated under the Renewed Master Purchase 
Agreement, please refer to the announcement of the 
Company dated 10 October 2024 and the circular of the 
Company dated 1 November 2024.

===== PAGE 133 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 131
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
(4) Product Development Services Agreement
On 23 September 2025, the Company and Chengdu BOE 
entered into the Product Development Services Agreement 
(the “Product Development Services Agreement”) pursuant to 
which the Group may engage Chengdu BOE Optoelectronics 
Technology Co., Ltd. to provide the Product Development 
Services from 23 September 2025 to 31 December 2026.
The Group would be benefited (but not an obligation) from 
the flexibility of obtaining the industry leading personnel 
and product development services from Chengdu BOE 
Optoelectronics Technology Co., Ltd. of the BOE Group with 
competitive cost that are more tailored to the Group’s unique 
requirements and circumstances based on the long-standing 
cooperation and relationship among the Group and BOE, 
which can enable the Group to continue leveraging on BOE’s 
competitive strength in the industry, experience and expertise 
in the relevant areas, enhancing synergy and supporting 
technology upgrade for the Group’s products that in turn 
improves its competitiveness.
Pursuant to the Product Development Services Agreement, 
the annual caps for the period from 23 September 2025 to 31 
December 2025 and for the year ending 31 December 2026 
are as follows:
For the 
period from 
23 September 
2025 to 
31 December 
2025
For the 
year ending 
31 December 
2026
HK$ million HK$ million
Product Development 
Services 7 24
The total amounts of the Product Development Services 
during the year of 2025 was HK$6,131,000.
For details of the continuing connected transactions 
contemplated under the Product Development Services 
Agreement, please refer to the announcement of the 
Company dated 23 September 2025.
(3) Renewed Master Subco ntracting Agreement
On 30 May 2025, the Company entered into the Renewed 
Master Subcontracting Agreement (the “Renewed  
Master Subcontracting Agreement”) with Chengdu BOE 
Optoelectronics Technology Co., Ltd., Hefei Xinsheng 
Optoelectronics Technology Co., Ltd. and Ordos Yuansheng 
Optoelectronics Co., Ltd. (collectively known as the 
“Purchasers”), pursuant to which the Company has agreed 
to provide subcontracting services of manufacturing TFT/TP 
modules and other products on a non-exclusive basis to the 
Purchasers, for a term from 30 May 2025 to 31 December 
2027.
The Group has its own plant and equipment and is engaged 
in the processing of TFT/TP modules and other products. The 
Subcontracting Transactions could provide benefits to the 
Group, among others, (i) generating additional revenue to the 
Group; (ii) utilising our production facilities more efficiently; 
(iii) allowing the Group to keep up-to-date knowledge to the 
development of technology and the industry; and (iv) allowing 
the Group to meet the production and quality requirement 
of the ultimate customers, and has a better chance to be a 
qualified supplier of them for other products and increase 
our market share and revenue in future.
Pursuant to the Renewed Master Subcontracting Agreement, 
the annual caps for the period from 30 May 2025 to 31 
December 2025 and for the two years ending 31 December 
2026 and 2027 are as follows:
For the 
period from 
30 May 
2025 to 
31 December 
2025
For the 
year ending 
31 December 
2026
For the 
year ending 
31 December 
2027
HK$ million HK$ million HK$ million
Subcontracting 
Transactions 52 76 79
The total amounts of the Subcontracting Transactions during 
the year of 2025 was HK$4,923,000 .
For details of the continuing connected transactions 
contemplated under the Renewed Master Subcontracting 
Agreement, please refer to the announcement of the 
Company dated 30 May 2025.

===== PAGE 134 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited132
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
(6) New Master Framework Agreement and 
Renewed Master Framework Agreement 
— Equipment, Software, Construction and 
Engineering Services
On 29 May 2024, in view of the expected transaction amount 
under the Master Framework Agreement for the year ended 
31 December 2024 will be higher than the approved annual 
amount in respect of the procurement transaction under 
the Master Framework Agreement, and the expiration of the 
agreement on 31 December 2024, the Company therefore 
revised the Existing Annual Cap for the year ended 31 
December 2024 and entered into the New Master Framework 
Agreement (the “New Master Framework Agreement”) , 
pursuant to which the Company and BOE have agreed to 
extend the terms of the agreements to 31 December 2025.
Pursuant to the New Master Framework Agreement, the 
revised annual cap for year ended 31 December 2024 and the 
annual caps for year ended 31 December 2025 are as follows:
For the 
year ended 
31 December 
2024 
(Revised)
For the 
year ended 
31 December 
2025
HK$ million HK$ million
Procurement Transactions 100 80
The total amounts of the Procurement Transactions during 
the year of 2025 was HK$26,159,000.
For details of the continuing connected transactions 
contemplated under the New Master Framework Agreement, 
please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 29 
May 2024.
On 23 December 2025, in view of the expiration of the New 
Master Framework Agreement on 31 December 2025, the 
Company, after considered the benefit as mentioned in the 
announcement dated 23 December 2025, has entered into 
the Renewed Master Framework Agreement (the “Renewed 
Master Framework Agreement”) with BOE, pursuant to which 
the Group may (i) purchase and/or lease equipment and 
related software from the BOE Group; and (ii) engage the BOE 
Group to provide the construction and engineering services 
from time to time during the term from 1 January 2026 to 31 
December 2027.
(5) Master Product Processing Agreement
On 11 December 2025, the Company and BOE Vietnam 
entered into the Master Product Processing Agreement (the 
“Master Product Processing Agreement”) pursuant to which 
the Group may engage BOE Vision-Electronic (Vietnam) 
Company Limited to provide the product processing services 
in respect of manufacturing TFT/TP modules and other 
products on a non-exclusive basis from 11 December 2025 to 
31 December 2027.
The Group (i) to have flexibility to mitigate risks associated 
with setting up production capacities in other geographical 
locations which the Group could have less experience in; and 
(ii) to utilize the Group’s asset effectively.
Pursuant to the Master Product Processing Agreement, the 
annual caps for the period from 11 December 2025 to 31 
December 2025 and for the two years ending 31 December 
2026 and 2027 are as follows:
For the 
period from 
11 December 
2025 to 
31 December 
2025
For the 
year ending 
31 December 
2026
For the 
year ending 
31 December 
2027
HK$ million HK$ million HK$ million
Product Processing 
Transactions 8 40 67
The total amounts of the Product Processing Transactions 
during the year of 2025 was HK$7,127,000.
For details of the continuing connected transactions 
contemplated under the Master Product Processing 
Agreement, please refer to the announcement of the 
Company dated 11 December 2025.

===== PAGE 135 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 133
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
continuing connected transactions in accordance with Hong 
Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) 
“Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews 
of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to 
Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected 
Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by 
the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The 
auditor has issued a letter advised that nothing has come 
to their attention that causes them to believe that above 
continuing connected transactions:
i. ha ve not been approved by the Company’s Board of 
Directors;
ii. the  transactions (which involved provision of goods 
or services) were not, in all material respects, in 
accordance with the pricing policies of the Group;
iii. were not entered  into, in all material respects, in 
accordance with the terms of the relevant agreements 
governing the continuing connected transactions; and
iv. the relevant cap  amounts have been exceeded during 
the financial year ended 31 December 2025.
(B) OTHER RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
Except as disclosed above, there was no related party 
transactions entered into by the Group during the year which 
(i) do not constitute connected transactions or continuing 
connected transactions or (ii) fall under the definition of 
a connected or continuing connected transaction under 
Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, but are exempted from the 
reporting, annual review, announcement and independent 
shareholder’s approval requirements under the Listing Rules. 
Related party transactions are disclosed in 29(b) to the 
financial statements.
The Company has complied with the disclosure requirements 
prescribed in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules with respect 
to the continuing connected transactions and connected 
transactions entered into by the Group during the year ended 
31 December 2025.
The Group would be benefited with the flexibility to purchase 
and lease equipment and related software, and procure 
construction and engineering services from the BOE Group, 
which can improve the Group’s production efficiency and 
effectiveness, achieve an overall lower marginal cost and 
ultimately reach optimal profitability.
Pursuant to the Renewed Master Framework Agreement, the 
annual caps for the two years ending 31 December 2026 and 
2027 are as follows:
For the 
year ending 
31 December 
2026
For the 
year ending 
31 December 
2027
HK$ million HK$ million
Procurement Transactions 50 50
For details of the continuing connected transactions 
contemplated under the Renewed Master Framework 
Agreement, please refer to the announcement of the 
Company dated 23 December 2025.
Governance
Pursuant to Listing Rules 14A.55, the independent non-
executive Directors have reviewed the above continuing 
connected transactions and confirmed that these continuing 
connected transactions were entered into:
(i) in the ordinary and usual course of business of the 
Group;
(ii) on normal commercial terms or better; and
(iii) according to the agreement governing them on terms  
that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the 
shareholders of the Company as a whole.
In accordance with Listing Rule 14A.56, the Company’s auditor 
was engaged by the Board of Directors to report on the 
continuing connected transactions in relation to the above 

===== PAGE 136 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited134
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
For the year ended 31 December 2025, the five largest 
customers of the Group accounted for 50.0% of the Group’s 
total revenue while the largest customer of the Group 
accounted for 22.8% of the Group’s total revenue. In addition, 
for the year ended 31 December 2025, the five largest 
suppliers of the Group accounted for 46.4% of the Group’s 
total purchases while the largest supplier of the Group 
accounted for 12.5% of the Group’s total purchases. The 
largest supplier of the Group represents collectively a group 
of different subsidiaries of BOE which is an associate of BOE, 
the substantial shareholder of the Company.
Saved as disclosed above, at no time during the year have 
the Directors or any shareholder of the Company (which to 
the knowledge of the Directors own more than 5% of the 
Company’s total issued share capital) had any interest in 
these major customers and suppliers.
UPDATE ON DIRECTOR’S 
INFORMATION UNDER RULE 13.51B(1) 
OF THE LISTING RULES
Mr. Su Ning is a senior vice president of BOE. With effect from 
1 July 2025, Mr. Su is entitled to a basic salary of HK$87,296.00 
per month for 12 months per annum for serving as the chief 
executive officer of the Company (which is determined with 
reference to his experience, duties and responsibilities) with 
a discretionary bonus which is determined by the Board 
based on the Company’s performance. Mr. Su is also entitled 
to HK$1,047,552.00 (i.e. equivalent to 12 months of the basic 
salary) of guaranteed bonus per annum, upon completion 
of one year of service and the Company has met the 
performance target set by the Board. Mr. Su is not entitled to 
any director’s fee or remuneration for his appointment as an 
executive Director.
Mr. Shao Xibin is currently the deputy person in charge of 
the mid-desk of the technology and product of the mid-
desk of the display device and the IoT innovation business of 
BOE, the person in charge of the mid-desk of the technology 
and the product mid-desk terminal product and technology 
development of the display device and the IoT innovation 
business of BOE, senior vice president and co-chief 
technology officer of BOE.
EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
Other than the aforesaid and as disclosed under the section 
headed “Share Schemes and Directors’ and Chief Executives’ 
Rights to Acquire Shares or Debentures” above, no equity-
linked agreements that will or may result in the Company 
issuing shares or that require the Company to enter into any 
agreements that will or may result in the Company issuing 
shares were entered into by the Company during the year or 
subsisted at the end of the year.
MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contracts concerning the management and administration 
of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the 
Company were entered into or existed during the year.
PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
The Company’s Bye-law provides that the Directors shall 
be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against 
any actions, costs, charges, losses, damages and expenses 
as a result of any act or failure to act in carrying out their 
functions.
The Company has arranged directors’ and officers’ liability 
insurance during the year in respect of any possible legal 
action against the Directors and officers.
PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the 
Company’s Bye-laws and the law of Bermuda.
SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on the information that is publicly available and within 
the knowledge of the Directors, for the year under review, the 
Company has maintained the prescribed public float under 
the Listing Rules.

===== PAGE 137 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 135
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF 
THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES 
(INCLUDING SALE OF TREASURY 
SHARES)
As at 31 December 2025, total number of the shares of the 
Company held by the trustee is 7,856,700 (2024: 3,986,500).
During the year ended 31 December 2025, the trustee of the 
Company’s share award plan (adopted on 28 August 2020) 
(the “Share Award Plan”) purchased 6,183,000 shares of the 
Company (representing 0.78%* of the issued share capital of 
the Company) on the Stock Exchange at a total consideration 
of approximately HK$30,876,000 (including purchase price 
of HK$30,821,000 and transaction costs of HK$55,000). Total 
accumulated number of shares of the Company purchased is 
20,356,000 (representing 2.57%* of the issued shares capital 
of the Company) under the share award plan.
From 12 January 2026 to 10 April 2026 being the LPD prior 
to the issue of this annual report, the trustee purchased 
1,204,000 shares of the Company (representing 0.15%* of the 
issued share capital of the Company) on the Stock Exchange 
at a total consideration of approximately HK$5,370,000 
(including purchase price of HK$5,360,000 and transaction 
costs of HK$10,000). Total accumulated number of shares of 
the Company purchased is 21,560,000 (representing 2.72%* 
of the issued share capital of the Company). During the 
blackout period (21 January 2026 to 23 March 2026) of the 
Company, it must not deal any shares of the Company.
On 14 April 2025, a total of 3,339,000 awarded shares 
(representing 0.42%* of the issued shares capital of the 
Company) were granted to certain selected participants, 
comprising of 6 Directors and certain employees of the 
Group, pursuant to the Share Award Plan.
At the end of 2025, after deducting the 3,339,000 awarded 
shares granted on 14 April 2025, and considered share 
purchased and lapsed shares, the total number of awarded 
shares that can be granted was 5,469,300 (representing 
0.69%* of the issued share capital of the Company) calculated 
based on the accumulated 21,560,000 shares of the Company 
purchased in so far. The remaining shares that could be 
granted were 58,252,520 (representing 7.36%* of the issued 
share capital of the Company) calculated based on the 
maximum number of awarded shares that can be granted at 
the Adoption Date (excluding treasury shares).
Upon expiry of term of office in August 2025, Mr. Chu, Howard 
Ho Hwa ceased to be an independent non-executive director 
of Guolian Minsheng Securities Co., Ltd., a company listed on 
the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, as he has served six 
years consecutively as of 26 June 2025.
Mr. Pang Chunlin is an independent non-executive director 
of PATEO CONNECT Technology (Shanghai) Corporation, 
the shares of which is listed on the Main Board of the Stock 
Exchange in September 2025.
With effect from 10 October 2025, 
Mr. Gao Wenbao resigned as an executive Director and the 
chairman of the Board and, ceased to be the chairman of the 
Nomination Committee and the Investment Committee, and a 
member of the Remuneration Committee.
Mr. Jin Hao resigned as a non-executive Director.
Mr. Su Ning has been appointed as the chairman of the 
Board, the Nomination Committee and the Investment 
Committee, and a member of the Remuneration Committee. 
Mr. Su is not entitled to any director’s fee or remuneration for 
his appointment as the Chairman and an executive Director 
but is entitled to remuneration to his appointment as the 
Chief Executive Officer.
Mr. Lo Pak Chi has been appointed as an executive Director 
and a member of the Investment Committee. Mr. Lo is 
not entitled to any director’s fee or remuneration for his 
appointment as an executive Director.
Mr. Liu Jing has been appointed as a non-executive Director.
Ms. Ko Wing Yan, Samantha has been appointed as a member 
of the Nomination Committee.

===== PAGE 138 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited136
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
At the LPD, after deducting the 3,339,000 awarded shares 
granted on 14 April 2025, and considered shares purchased 
and lapsed shares, the total number of awarded shares that 
can be granted were 6,696,400 (representing 0.85%* of the 
issued share capital of the Company) calculated based on the 
accumulated 21,560,000 shares of the Company purchased 
in so far. The remaining shares that could be granted were 
58,252,520 (representing 7.36%* of the issued share capital 
of the Company) calculated based on the maximum number 
of awarded shares that can be granted at the Adoption Date 
(excluding treasury shares).
Other than the aforesaid, during the year ended 31 December 
2025, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries 
purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed 
securities (including sale of treasury shares).
* Calculated based on the Company’s total number of issued share  
capital of 791,575,204 shares as at 31 December 2025 and the LPD.
COMPETING INTEREST
None of the Directors has interest in any business which 
competes or its likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, 
which the business of the Group that were required to be 
disclosed pursuant to Rule 8.10 of the Listing Rules.
CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE
The Company has received from each of the independent 
non-executive Directors an annual confirmation of 
independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and 
considers all the independent non-executive Directors to be 
independent.
AUDITORS
KPMG retire and, being eligible, offer themselves for 
reappointment. A resolution for the re-appointment of 
KPMG as auditors of the Company is to be proposed at the 
forthcoming annual general meeting.
By order of the Board
Su Ning
Chairman
Hong Kong, 23 March 2026

===== PAGE 139 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 137
REPORT OF THE   
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR
Independent auditor’s report to the shareholders of
BOE Varitronix Limited
(Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)
OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of 
BOE Varitronix Limited (“the Company”) and its subsidiaries 
(“the Group”) set out on pages 142 to 198, which comprise 
the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 
December 2025, the consolidated statement of profit or 
loss, the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other 
comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of 
changes in equity and the consolidated cash flow statement 
for the year then ended and notes, comprising material 
accounting policy information and other explanatory 
information.
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a 
true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of 
the Group as at 31 December 2025 and of its consolidated 
financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for 
the year then ended in accordance with HKFRS Accounting 
Standards as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified 
Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly 
prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of 
the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.
BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong 
Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) as issued by the HKICPA. Our 
responsibilities under those standards are further described 
in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated 
financial statements section of our report. We are independent 
of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics 
for Professional Accountants (“the Code”), as applicable to 
audits of financial statements of public interest entities. 
We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in 
accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence 
we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a 
basis for our opinion.
KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional 
judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the 
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These 
matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the 
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming 
our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate 
opinion on these matters.

===== PAGE 140 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited138
REPORT OF THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR
VALUATION OF INVENTORIES
Refer to note 17 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policy note 2(l).
The Key Audit Matter How the matter was addressed in our audit
The Group held significant inventories as at 31 December 
2025, which comprised raw materials, work-in-progress and 
finished goods in respect of LCD and related products.
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable 
value.
The Group maintains its inventory levels based on customer 
orders and forecast demand. There is a risk that the net 
realisable value of inventories may fall below their costs 
due to changes in customer demand and the consequent 
overstocking of inventories at the end of the reporting 
period. In addition, a significant proportion of the Group’s 
products are manufactured to meet specific customer 
requirements. There is a risk that if a customer experiences 
financial difficulty or there is a demand issue with a 
customer’s product that includes products manufactured 
and held by the Group as inventories which may not be sold 
or may be sold at a price below their costs.
Management assesses the level of write-down of inventories 
required at each reporting date after considering inventory 
ageing, net realisable value and other relevant factors. Such 
assessment involves significant management judgement and 
estimation in determining the value of inventories which will 
not be recoverable at each reporting date.
We identified the valuation of inventories as a key 
audit matter because inventories are significant to the 
consolidated financial statements and because of the 
significant degree of management judgement involved in 
determining the write-down of inventories.
Our audit procedures to assess the valuation of inventories 
included the following:
• obtaining an understanding of and assessing the 
design and implementation of the Group’s key internal 
controls over the inventory write-down assessment 
process, including the Group’s monitoring controls 
over slow-moving inventories;
• e valuating the Group’s inventory write-down policy 
with reference to the requirements of the prevailing 
accounting standards;
• a ssessing whether the inventory write-downs at the 
reporting date were calculated on a basis consistent 
with the Group’s inventory write-down policy by 
recalculating the inventory write-downs based on the 
percentages and other parameters in the Group’s 
inventory write-down policy;
• assessing the classification of inventory items in the 
inventory ageing report by comparison with purchase 
invoices and other relevant underlying documentation, 
on a sample basis;
• selecting raw materials and work-in-progress items, on 
a sample basis, at the reporting date and comparing 
their usage subsequent to the reporting date;
• enquiring of the senior members of the production 
department whether there are any expected changes 
in production plans which may indicate that a write-
down of inventories would be required;
• evaluating whether inventory items were stated at the 
lower of cost and net realisable value at the reporting 
date, on a sample basis, by comparing the sales price 
of those inventory items and the related selling costs 
subsequent to the reporting date with their carrying 
values; and
• a ssessing whether there is management’s bias in the 
calculation of write-down of inventories by examining 
the utilisation or release of write-downs recorded 
at the end of the previous financial year during the 
current financial year.

===== PAGE 141 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 139
REPORT OF THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR
EXPECTED CREDIT LOSS ALLOWANCE FOR TRADE RECEIVABLES
Refer to notes 18 and 27(a) to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies notes 2(k) and 2(n).
The Key Audit Matter How the matter was addressed in our audit
The Group held significant trade receivables as at 31 
December 2025, which comprised a large number of 
individual balances.
The Group has a wide range of customers with different 
individual characteristics which are exposed to their own 
risks. Therefore, there is a risk that certain of the Group’s 
trade receivables may not be recoverable.
Management has implemented internal controls to monitor 
credit control, collection of trade receivables and follow up 
of overdue balances.
Management measures the expected credit loss allowance 
required at each reporting date at an amount equal to the 
lifetime expected credit losses based on estimated loss rates 
for each category of trade receivables grouped according 
to the shared credit risk characteristics. The estimated 
loss rates take into account the ageing of trade receivable 
balances, the repayment history of the Group’s customers 
of different risk characteristics, current market conditions 
and forward-looking information. Such assessment involves 
significant management judgement and estimation.
We identified the credit loss allowance for trade receivables 
as a key audit matter because of the significance of trade 
receivables to the consolidated financial statements and 
because of the significant degree of management judgement 
involved in determining the expected credit losses.
Our audit procedures to assess the expected credit loss 
allowance for trade receivables included the following:
• obtaining an understanding of and assessing the 
design and implementation of the Group’s key internal 
controls over the processes of credit control, and 
estimate of expected credit losses;
• eva luating the Group’s policy for estimating the credit 
loss allowance with reference to the requirements of 
the prevailing accounting standard;
• obta ining an understanding of the key data and 
assumptions of the expected credit loss model 
adopted by the Group, including the basis of the 
segmentation of trade receivables based on shared 
credit risk characteristics, the historical default data, 
and the assumptions involved in management’s 
estimated loss rate;
• a ssessing the appropriateness of the Group’s 
estimates of expected credit loss allowance by 
examining the information used by management to 
derive such estimates, including testing the accuracy of 
the historical default data and evaluating whether the 
historical loss rates are appropriately adjusted based 
on current economic conditions and forward-looking 
information;
• re -performing the calculation of the credit loss 
allowance as at 31 December 2025 based on the 
Group’s credit loss allowance policies; and
• a ssessing whether items in the trade receivables 
ageing report were categorised in the appropriate 
ageing bracket by comparing a sample of individual 
items with the underlying goods delivery notes, sales 
invoices and other relevant underlying documentation.

===== PAGE 142 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited140
REPORT OF THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR
AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR 
THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about 
whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole 
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud 
or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our 
opinion. This report is made solely to you, as a body, in 
accordance with Section 90 of the Bermuda Companies 
Act 1981, and for no other purpose. We do not assume 
responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person 
for the contents of this report.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not 
a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with 
HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it 
exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are 
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they 
could reasonably be expected to influence the economic 
decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated 
financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise 
professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism 
throughout the audit. We also:
— Ide ntify and assess the risks of material misstatement 
of the consolidated financial statements, whether due 
to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures 
responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence 
that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis 
for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material 
misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for 
one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, 
forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations or 
the override of internal control.
— Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant  
to the audit in order to design audit procedures that 
are appropriate in the circumstances but not for the 
purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness 
of the Group’s internal control.
— Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies  
used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates 
and related disclosures made by the Directors.
INFORMATION OTHER THAN 
THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS AND AUDITOR’S REPORT 
THEREON
The Directors are responsible for the other information. The 
other information comprises all the information included 
in the annual report, other than the consolidated financial 
statements and our auditor’s report thereon.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does 
not cover the other information and we do not express 
any form of assurance conclusion thereon as part of our 
engagement to audit the consolidated financial statements. 
We have performed an assurance engagement on the 
disclosed continuing connected transactions that form part 
of the other information and provided a separate assurance 
practitioner’s conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial 
statements, our responsibility is to read the other information 
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information 
is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial 
statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or 
otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that 
there is a material misstatement of this other information, we 
are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in 
this regard.
RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS 
FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS
The Directors are responsible for the preparation of the 
consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view 
in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued 
by the HKICPA and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance 
and for such internal control as the Directors determine is 
necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial 
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether 
due to fraud or error.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the 
Directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to 
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters 
related to going concern and using the going concern basis of 
accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the 
Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative 
but to do so.
The Directors are assisted by the Audit Committee in 
discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s 
financial reporting process.

===== PAGE 143 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 141
REPORT OF THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR
We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement 
that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements 
regarding independence and communicate with them all 
relationships and other matters that may reasonably be 
thought to bear on our independence and, where applicable, 
actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.
From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, 
we determine those matters that were of most significance 
in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the 
current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We 
describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or 
regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or 
when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a 
matter should not be communicated in our report because 
the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be 
expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such 
communication.
The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this 
independent auditor’s report is Lee Ka Nang (practising 
certificate number: P05456).
KPMG
Certified Public Accountants
8th Floor, Prince’s Building
10 Chater Road
Central, Hong Kong
23 March 2026
AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR 
THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
— Co nclude on the appropriateness of the Directors’ use 
of the going concern basis of accounting and, based 
on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material 
uncertainty exists related to events or conditions 
that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability 
to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that 
a material uncertainty exists, we are required to 
draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related 
disclosures in the consolidated financial statements 
or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our 
opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit 
evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s 
report. However, future events or conditions may cause 
the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
— Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content 
of the consolidated financial statements, including the 
disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial 
statements represent the underlying transactions and 
events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
— Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient  
appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial 
information of the entities or business units within 
the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the 
consolidated financial statements. We are responsible 
for the direction, supervision and review of the audit 
work performed for purposes of the group audit. We 
remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among 
other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and 
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies 
in internal control that we identify during our audit.

===== PAGE 144 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited142
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT   
OF PROFIT OR LOSS
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
2025 2024
Notes $’000 $’000
Revenue 4 13,957,301 13,448,506
Other operating income, net 5 273,793 199,046
Change in inventories of finished goods and work in progress 123,333 (279,040)
Raw materials and consumables used (11,597,681) (10,899,226)
Staff costs (1,344,619) (1,116,425)
Depreciation 12 (267,683) (244,301)
Other operating expenses 6(c) (738,694) (671,107)
    
Profit from operations 405,750 437,453
Finance costs 6(a) (10,384) (15,362)
    
Profit before taxation 6 395,366 422,091
Income tax 7(a) (53,729) (20,506)
    
Profit for the year 341,637 401,585
    
Profit attributable to:
Equity shareholders of the Company 345,368 391,282
Non-controlling interests (3,731) 10,303
    
341,637 401,585
    
Earnings per share for profit attributable to  
equity shareholders of the Company (in HK cents) 10
Basic 43.9 cents 49.6 cents
    
Diluted 43.7 cents 49.5 cents
    
The notes on pages 148 to 198 form part of these financial statements. Details of dividends payable to equity shareholders of 
the Company attributable to the profit for the year are set out in note 26(b).

===== PAGE 145 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 143
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS  
AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
2025 2024
$’000 $’000
Profit for the year 341,637 401,585
   
Other comprehensive income for the year  
(after tax and reclassification adjustments):
Item that is or may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
— Exchange translation adjustments: net movement in exchange reserve 79,814 (65,343)
   
Total comprehensive income for the year 421,451 336,242
   
Attributable to:
Equity shareholders of the Company 423,718 327,149
Non-controlling interests (2,267) 9,093
   
421,451 336,242
   
The notes on pages 148 to 198 form part of these financial statements.

===== PAGE 146 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited144
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF   
FINANCIAL POSITION
At 31 December 2025
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
2025 2024
Notes $’000 $’000
Total assets less  
current liabilities 5,352,821 4,965,341
    
Non-current liabilities
Lease liabilities 22 14,725 20,113
Deferred tax liabilities 23(b) 2,112 2,448
Deferred income 24 219,456 171,821
Bank loans 21 244,516 170,464
    
480,809 364,846
    
NET ASSETS 4,872,012 4,600,495
    
CAPITAL AND RESERVES
Share capital 26(c) 197,894 197,894
Reserves 4,611,176 4,337,392
    
Total equity attributable to 
equity shareholders  
of the Company 4,809,070 4,535,286
Non-controlling interests 15 62,942 65,209
    
TOTAL EQUITY 4,872,012 4,600,495
    
Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors 
on 23 March 2026.
Su Ning Ko Wing Yan, Samantha
Director Director
The notes on pages 148 to 198 form part of these financial 
statements.
2025 2024
Notes $’000 $’000
Non-current assets
Property, plant and 
equipment 12 2,306,033 2,060,385
Intangible assets 13 52,826 29,428
Other financial assets 16 1,900 40,186
Non-current deposits, 
prepayment and other 
contract costs 18 145,673 38,822
Restricted bank deposits 19(b) – 41,101
Deferred tax assets 23(b) 60,586 59,718
    
2,567,018 2,269,640
    
Current assets
Inventories 17 1,878,366 1,778,379
Trade and other receivables, 
deposit, prepayment and 
other contract costs 18 3,380,659 3,325,957
Other financial assets 16 89,946 389,759
Current tax recoverable 23(a) 10,200 9,923
Fixed deposits with more  
than three months to 
maturity when placed 19(a) 1,159,258 843,817
Restricted bank deposits 19(b) 94,456 147,326
Cash and cash equivalents 19(a) 3,191,434 2,700,141
    
9,804,319 9,195,302
    
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables 20 6,902,089 6,228,142
Lease liabilities 22 13,901 14,793
Current tax payable 23(a) 2,538 23,272
Bank loans 21 63,966 205,322
Deferred income 24 36,022 28,072
    
7,018,516 6,499,601
    
Net current assets 2,785,803 2,695,701
    

===== PAGE 147 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 145
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF   
CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company 
Share 
capital
Share 
premium
Awarded
 shares held 
under the 
Share Award 
Plan
Exchange
 reserve
Capital 
reserve
Other
 reserves
Contributed
 surplus
Retained 
profits Total
Non-
controlling
 interests
Total 
equity
(note 26(c)(i)) (note 26(d)(i)) (note 26(d)(v)) (note 26(d)(iii)) (note 26(d)(iv)) (note 26(d)(vi)) (note 26(d)(ii))
Notes $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000
Balance at 1 January 2024 197,894 2,101,856 (13,763) (190,036) 11,781 27,921 429,943 1,787,999 4,353,595 56,116 4,409,711             
Changes in equity for 2024:
Profit for the year – – – – – – – 391,282 391,282 10,303 401,585
Other comprehensive 
income – – – (64,133) – – – – (64,133) (1,210) (65,343)             
Total comprehensive 
income – – – (64,133) – – – 391,282 327,149 9,093 336,242             
Dividends approved in 
respect of the  
previous year 26(b)(ii) – – – – – – (149,660) – (149,660) – (149,660)
Share purchase by the 
trustee under the  
Share Award Plan – – (9,172) – – – – – (9,172) – (9,172)
Vesting of shares under the 
Share Award Plan – – 7,283 – (17,358) – – 10,075 – – –
Transfer to surplus reserves – – – – – 30,294 – (30,294) – – –
Equity settled share-based 
transactions 6(b) – – – – 13,374 – – – 13,374 – 13,374             
– – (1,889) – (3,984) 30,294 (149,660) (20,219) (145,458) – (145,458)
             
Balance at 31 December 
2024 197,894 2,101,856 (15,652) (254,169) 7,797 58,215 280,283 2,159,062 4,535,286 65,209 4,600,495             

===== PAGE 148 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited146
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company 
Share 
capital
Share
 premium
Awarded 
shares held 
under the 
Share Award 
Plan
Exchange
 reserve
Capital 
reserve
Other 
reserves
Contributed 
surplus
Retained 
profits Total
Non-
controlling
 interests
Total 
equity
(note 26(c)(i)) (note 26(d)(i)) (note 26(d)(v)) (note 26(d)(iii)) (note 26(d)(iv)) (note 26(d)(vi)) (note 26(d)(ii))
Notes $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000
Balance at 1 January 2025 197,894 2,101,856 (15,652) (254,169) 7,797 58,215 280,283 2,159,062 4,535,286 65,209 4,600,495             
Changes in equity for 2025:
Profit for the year – – – – – – – 345,368 345,368 (3,731) 341,637
Other comprehensive 
income – – – 78,350 – – – – 78,350 1,464 79,814
             
Total comprehensive 
income – – – 78,350 – – – 345,368 423,718 (2,267) 421,451             
Dividends approved in 
respect of the previous 
year 26(b)(ii) – – – – – – (134,095) – (134,095) – (134,095)
Share purchase by the 
trustee under the  
Share Award Plan – – (30,876) – – – – – (30,876) – (30,876)
Vesting of shares under the 
Share Award Plan – – 10,582 – (16,037) – – 5,455 – – –
Transfer to surplus reserves – – – – – 23,350 – (23,350) – – –
Equity settled share-based 
transactions 6(b) – – – – 15,037 – – – 15,037 – 15,037
             
– – (20,294) – (1,000) 23,350 (134,095) (17,895) (149,934) – (149,934)
             
Balance at 31 December 
2025 197,894 2,101,856 (35,946) (175,819) 6,797 81,565 146,188 2,486,535 4,809,070 62,942 4,872,012
             
The notes on pages 148 to 198 form part of these financial statements.

===== PAGE 149 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 147
CONSOLIDATED   
CASH FLOW STATEMENT
For the year ended 31 December 2025
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
2025 2024
Notes $’000 $’000
Financing activities
Capital element of lease 
rentals paid 19(d) (15,548) (14,922)
Interest element of lease 
rentals paid 19(d) (1,430) (1,383)
Proceeds from new  
bank loans 19(d) 138,192 275,316
Repayment of bank loans 19(d) (214,038) (516,354)
Shares purchased under the 
Share Award Plan (30,876) (9,172)
Capital contribution from 
non-controlling interest 11,984 –
Interest paid (8,954) (13,979)
Dividends paid (134,095) (149,660)
    
Net cash used in  
financing activities (254,765) (430,154)
    
Net increase/(decrease) 
in cash and cash 
equivalents 456,241 (756,237)
Cash and cash equivalents 
at 1 January 2,700,141 3,500,760
Effect of foreign exchange 
rates changes 35,052 (44,382)
    
Cash and cash equivalents 
at 31 December 19(a) 3,191,434 2,700,141
    
The notes on pages 148 to 198 form part of these financial 
statements.
2025 2024
Notes $’000 $’000
Operating activities
Cash generated from 
operations 19(c) 871,399 1,518,531
Tax paid
— Hong Kong Profits Tax paid (37,012) (11,360)
— Chinese Mainland income  
 taxes paid (32,933) (44,186)
— Tax paid in respect of
  jurisdictions outside
  Hong Kong and
  Chinese Mainland (3,505) (6,297)
    
Net cash generated from 
operating activities 797,949 1,456,688
    
Investing activities
Proceeds from disposals 
of property, plant and 
equipment 2,449 347
Payment for the purchase 
of property, plant and 
equipment (454,016) (567,721)
Payment for the purchase of 
intangible assets (28,473) (8,659)
Payment for purchase of 
other financial assets (7,575,288) (5,708,579)
Proceeds from disposals of 
other financial assets 7,971,028 5,344,280
Proceeds from disposal of 
associates – 26,765
Increase in fixed deposits with 
more than three months to 
maturity when placed (287,789) (843,817)
Decrease/(increase) in 
restricted bank deposits 95,494 (132,543)
Government grants received 
relating to acquisition 
of property, plant and 
equipment 90,179 –
Interest received 99,473 107,156
    
Net cash used in investing 
activities (86,943) (1,782,771)
    

===== PAGE 150 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited148
NOTES TO THE   
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
(b)  BASIS OF PREPARATION OF THE 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2025 comprise the Company and its subsidiaries.
The measurement basis used in the preparation of the 
financial statements is the historical cost basis except that the 
investments in equity securities are stated at their fair values 
as explained in note 2(g).
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with 
HKFRS Accounting Standards requires management to 
make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect 
the application of policies and reported amounts of assets, 
liabilities, income and expenses. The estimates and associated 
assumptions are based on historical experience and various 
other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the 
circumstances, the results of which form the basis of making 
the judgements about carrying values of assets and liabilities 
that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual 
results may differ from these estimates.
The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed 
on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are 
recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if 
the revision affects only that period, or in the period of the 
revision and future periods if the revision affects both current 
and future periods.
Judgements made by management in the application of 
HKFRS Accounting Standards that have a significant effect 
on the financial statements and major sources of estimation 
uncertainty are discussed in note 3.
1 GENERAL
BOE Varitronix Limited (the “Company”) is incorporated in 
Bermuda under the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda as an 
exempted company with limited liability. The Company is a 
public limited company with its shares listed on The Stock 
Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”). The 
directors of the Company consider the ultimate controlling 
party of the Group to be BOE Technology Group Co., Ltd, 
which is incorporated in the People’s Republic of China (the 
“PRC”). The addresses of the registered office and principal 
place of business of the Company are Clarendon House, 2 
Church Street, Hamilton HM11, Bermuda and Units A-F, 35/
F., Legend Tower, No.7 Shing Yip Street, Kwun Tong, Kowloon, 
Hong Kong respectively.
The Company acts as an investment holding company. Its 
subsidiaries are principally engaged in the automotive and 
industrial display business and has monochrome display 
manufacturing capacity and TFT module assembly capacity.
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(a)  STATEMENT OF COMPLIANCE
These financial statements have been prepared in accordance 
with HKFRS Accounting Standards, which collective term 
includes all applicable individual Hong Kong Financial 
Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”), Hong Kong Accounting 
Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations issued by the Hong 
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”), and 
the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies 
Ordinance. These financial statements also comply with the 
applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the 
Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong 
Limited (the “Listing Rules”). Material accounting policies 
adopted by the Group are disclosed below.
The HKICPA has issued certain new or amended HKFRS 
Accounting Standards that are first effective or available 
for early adoption for the current accounting period of the 
Group. Note 2(c) provides information on any changes in 
accounting policies resulting from initial application of these 
developments to the extent that they are relevant to the 
Group for the current accounting periods reflected in these 
financial statements.

===== PAGE 151 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 149
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Non-controlling interests represent the equity in a subsidiary 
not attributable directly or indirectly to the Company, and in 
respect of which the Group has not agreed any additional 
terms with the holders of those interests which would result 
in the Group as a whole having a contractual obligation in 
respect of those interests that meets the definition of a 
financial liability. For each business combination, the Group 
can elect to measure any non-controlling interests either at 
fair value or at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate 
share of the subsidiary’s net identifiable assets.
Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated 
statement of financial position within equity, separately 
from equity attributable to the equity shareholders of 
the Company. Non-controlling interests in the results of 
the Group are presented on the face of the consolidated 
statement of profit or loss and the consolidated statement 
of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as an 
allocation of the total profit or loss and total comprehensive 
income for the year between non-controlling interests and 
the equity shareholders of the Company.
Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do 
not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity 
transactions, whereby adjustments are made to the 
amounts of controlling and non-controlling interests within 
consolidated equity to reflect the change in relative interests, 
but no adjustments are made to goodwill and no gain or loss 
is recognised.
When the group loses control of a subsidiary, it is accounted 
for as a disposal of the entire interest in that subsidiary, with 
a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. Any 
interest retained in that former subsidiary at the date when 
control is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is 
regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial 
asset (see note 2(g)) or, when appropriate, the cost on initial 
recognition of an investment in an associate.
In the Company’s statement of financial position, an 
investment in subsidiaries is stated at cost less impairment 
losses (see note 2(k)(iii)).
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES  
(CONTINUED)
(c)  CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES
The Group has applied amendments to HKAS 21, The effects 
of changes in foreign exchange rates — Lack of exchangeability 
issued by the HKICPA to these financial statements for the 
current accounting period. The amendments do not have a 
material impact on these financial statements as the Group 
has not entered into any foreign currency transactions in 
which the foreign currency is not exchangeable into another 
currency.
The Group has not applied any new standard or interpretation 
that is not yet effective for the current accounting period.
(d)  SUBSIDIARIES, CONTROLLED 
STRUCTURED ENTITIES AND NON-
CONTROLLING INTERESTS
Subsidiaries are entities (including structured entities) 
controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when 
it is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its 
involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those 
returns through its power over the entity. When assessing 
whether the Group has power, only substantive rights (held 
by the Group and other parties) are considered.
A structured entity is an entity that has been designed so that 
voting or similar rights are not the dominant factor in deciding 
who controls the entity, such as when any voting rights relate 
to administrative tasks only and the relevant activities are 
directed by means of contractual arrangements.
An investment in a subsidiary is consolidated into the 
consolidated financial statements from the date that control 
commences until the date that control ceases. Intra-group 
balances and transactions and any unrealised profits arising 
from intra-group transactions are eliminated in full in 
preparing the consolidated financial statements. Unrealised 
losses resulting from intra-group transactions are eliminated 
in the same way as unrealised gains but only to the extent 
that there is no evidence of impairment.

===== PAGE 152 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited150
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(g)  OTHER INVESTMENTS IN DEBT AND 
EQUITY SECURITIES
The Group’s policies for investments in debt and equity 
securities, other than investments in subsidiaries and 
associate, are set out below.
Investments in debt and equity securities are recognised or 
derecognised on the date the Group commits to purchase 
or sell the investment. The investments are initially stated at 
fair value plus directly attributable transaction costs, except 
for those investments measured at fair value through profit 
or loss (“FVPL”) for which transaction costs are recognised 
directly in profit or loss. For an explanation of how the Group 
determines fair value of financial instruments, see note 27(e). 
These investments are subsequently accounted for as follows, 
depending on their classification.
(i) Investments other than  equity investments
Non-equity investments held by the Group are stated at 
amortised cost, if the investment is held for the collection of 
contractual cash flows which represent solely payments of 
principal and interest. Interest income from the investment is 
calculated using the effective interest method (see note 2(u)
(ii)).
(ii) Equity inv estments
An investment in equity securities is classified as FVPL unless 
the equity investment is not held for trading purposes and 
on initial recognition of the investment the Group makes an 
irrevocable election to designate the investment at fair value 
through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”) (non-recycling) 
such that subsequent changes in fair value are recognised in 
other comprehensive income. Such elections are made on an 
instrument-by-instrument basis, but may only be made if the 
investment meets the definition of equity from the issuer’s 
perspective. Where such an election is made, the amount 
accumulated in other comprehensive income remains in 
the fair value reserve (non-recycling) until the investment is 
disposed of. At the time of disposal, the amount accumulated 
in the fair value reserve (non-recycling) is transferred to 
retained earnings. It is not recycled through profit or loss. 
Dividends from an investment in equity securities, irrespective 
of whether classified as at FVPL or FVOCI, are recognised in 
profit or loss as other income.
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES  
(CONTINUED)
(e)  BUSINESS COMBINATIONS
The Group accounts for business combinations using the 
acquisition method when control is transferred to the 
Group (see note 2(d)). The consideration transferred in the 
acquisition is generally measured at fair value, as are the 
identifiable net assets acquired. Any goodwill that arises is 
tested annually for impairment (see note 2(k)(iii)). Any gain on 
a bargain purchase is recognised in profit or loss immediately. 
Transaction costs are expensed as incurred, except if related 
to the issue of debt or equity securities (see note 2(g)).
The consideration transferred does not include amounts 
related to the settlement of pre-existing relationships. Such 
amounts are generally recognised in profit or loss.
(f)  GOODWILL
Goodwill represents the excess of
(i) th e aggregate of the fair value of the consideration 
transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest 
in the acquiree and the fair value of the Group’s 
previously held equity interest in the acquiree; over
(ii) the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets 
and liabilities measured as at the acquisition date.
When (ii) is greater than (i), then this excess is recognised 
immediately in profit or loss as a gain on a bargain purchase.
Goodwill is stated at cost less accumulated impairment losses. 
Goodwill arising on a business combination is allocated to 
each cash-generating unit, or Groups of cash generating 
units, that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the 
combination and is tested annually for impairment (see note 
2(k)(iii)).
On disposal of a cash generating unit during the year, any 
attributable amount of purchased goodwill is included in the 
calculation of the profit or loss on disposal.

===== PAGE 153 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 151
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(i)  INTANGIBLE ASSETS (OTHER THAN 
GOODWILL)
Intangible assets (other than goodwill) that are acquired by 
the Group are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation 
(where the estimated useful life is finite) and impairment 
losses (see note 2(k)(iii)).
Amortisation of intangible assets with finite useful lives is 
charged to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the 
assets’ estimated useful lives. The following intangible assets 
with finite useful lives are amortised from the date they 
are available for use and their estimated useful lives are as 
follows:
— Computer software 2–10 years
Both the period and method of amortisation are reviewed 
annually.
Intangible assets are not amortised while their useful lives 
are assessed to be indefinite. Any conclusion that the useful 
life of an intangible asset is indefinite is reviewed annually to 
determine whether events and circumstances continue to 
support the indefinite useful life assessment for that asset. 
If they do not, the change in the useful life assessment from 
indefinite to finite is accounted for prospectively from the date 
of change and in accordance with the policy for amortisation 
of intangible assets with finite lives as set out above.
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES  
(CONTINUED)
(h)  PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less 
accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (see note 
2(k)(iii)).
Gains or losses arising from the retirement or disposal of an 
item of property, plant and equipment are determined as 
the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the 
carrying amount of the item and are recognised in profit or 
loss on the date of retirement or disposal.
Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost of items of 
property, plant and equipment, less their estimated residual 
values, if any, using the straight-line method over their 
estimated useful lives as follows:
— Right-of-use assets arising from leases over leasehold 
properties where the Group is not the registered 
owner of the property interest are depreciated over the 
unexpired term of lease
— Interests in land and buildings 20 to 40 years
— Plant and machinery 2 to 15 years
— Tools and equipment 2 to 8 years
— Office equipment 2 to 10 years
— Others 2 to 10 years
Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment 
have different useful lives, the cost or valuation of the item is 
allocated on a reasonable basis between the parts and each 
part is depreciated separately. Both the useful life of an asset 
and its residual value, if any, are reviewed annually.

===== PAGE 154 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited152
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The lease liability is also remeasured when there is a change 
in the scope of a lease or the consideration for a lease that 
is not originally provided for in the lease contract (“lease 
modification”) that is not accounted for as a separate lease. In 
this case the lease liability is remeasured based on the revised 
lease payments and lease term using a revised discount rate 
at the effective date of the modification.
In the consolidated statement of financial position, the 
current portion of long-term lease liabilities is determined as 
the present value of contractual payments that are due to be 
settled within twelve months after the reporting period.
(k)  CREDIT LOSSES AND IMPAIRMENT OF 
ASSETS
(i) Credit los ses from financial instruments
The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit 
losses (“ECLs”) on the financial assets measured at amortised 
cost (including cash and cash equivalents, trade and other 
receivables, other financial assets and amounts due from 
associates, which are held for the collection of contractual 
cash flows which represent solely payments of principal and 
interest).
Measurement of ECLs
ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. 
Credit losses are measured as the present value of all 
expected cash shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash 
flows due to the Group in accordance with the contract and 
the cash flows that the Group expects to receive).
The expected cash shortfalls are discounted using the 
following discount rates where the effect of discounting is 
material:
— f ixed-rate financial assets and trade and other 
receivables: effective interest rate determined at initial 
recognition or an approximation thereof;
— variable-rate financial assets: current effective interest 
rate;
The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is 
the maximum contractual period over which the Group is 
exposed to credit risk.
In measuring ECLs, the Group takes into account reasonable 
and supportable information that is available without 
undue cost or effort. This includes information about past 
events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic 
conditions.
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES  
(CONTINUED)
(j)  LEASED ASSETS
At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether the 
contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, 
a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use 
of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for 
consideration. Control is conveyed where the customer has 
both the right to direct the use of the identified asset and to 
obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from that 
use.
As a lessee
Where the contract contains lease component(s) and non-
lease component(s), the Group has elected not to separate 
non-lease components and accounts for each lease 
component and any associated non-lease components as a 
single lease component for all leases.
At the lease commencement date, the Group recognises a 
right-of-use asset and a lease liability, except for leases of 
low-value assets which, for the Group are primarily office 
equipment. When the Group enters into a lease in respect 
of a low-value asset, the Group decides whether to capitalise 
the lease on a lease-by-lease basis. The lease payments 
associated with those leases which are not capitalised are 
recognised as an expense on a systematic basis over the 
lease term.
The right-of-use asset recognised when a lease is capitalised 
is initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial 
amount of the lease liability plus any lease payments made at 
or before the commencement date, and any initial direct costs 
incurred. Where applicable, the cost of the right-of-use assets 
also includes an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove 
the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the 
site on which it is located, discounted to their present value, 
less any lease incentives received. The right-of-use asset is 
subsequently stated at cost less accumulated depreciation 
and impairment losses (see notes 2(h) and 2(k)(iii)).
The initial fair value of refundable rental deposits is accounted 
for separately from the right-of-use assets in accordance 
with the accounting policy applicable to investments in debt 
securities carried at amortised cost (see notes 2(g) and 2(k)(i)). 
Any difference between the initial fair value and the nominal 
value of the deposits is accounted for as additional lease 
payments made and is included in the cost of right-of-use 
assets.

===== PAGE 155 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 153
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Significant increases in credit risk
In assessing whether the credit risk of a financial instrument 
has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group 
compares the risk of default occurring on the financial 
instrument assessed at the reporting date with that assessed 
at the date of initial recognition. In making this reassessment, 
the Group considers that a default event occurs when (i) the 
borrower is unlikely to pay its credit obligations to the Group 
in full, without recourse by the Group to actions such as 
realising security (if any is held); or (ii) the financial asset is 12 
months past due. The Group considers both quantitative and 
qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, 
including historical experience and forward-looking 
information that is available without undue cost or effort.
In particular, the following information is taken into account 
when assessing whether credit risk has increased significantly 
since initial recognition:
— failure to make p ayments of principal or interest on 
their contractually due dates ;
— an actual or exp ected significant deterioration in a 
financial instrument’s external or internal credit rating (if 
available);
— a n actual or expected significant deterioration in the 
operating results of the debtor; and
— existing or forecast changes in the technological,  
market, economic or legal environment that have a 
significant adverse effect on the debtor’s ability to meet 
its obligation to the Group.
Depending on the nature of the financial instruments, 
the assessment of a significant increase in credit risk is 
performed on either an individual basis or a collective basis. 
When the assessment is performed on a collective basis, the 
financial instruments are grouped based on shared credit risk 
characteristics, such as past due status and credit risk ratings.
ECLs are remeasured at each reporting date to reflect 
changes in the financial instrument’s credit risk since initial 
recognition. Any change in the ECL amount is recognised 
as an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss. The Group 
recognises an impairment gain or loss for all financial 
instruments with a corresponding adjustment to their carrying 
amount through a loss allowance account.
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES  
(CONTINUED)
(k)  CREDIT LOSSES AND IMPAIRMENT OF 
ASSETS (CONTINUED)
(i) Credit los ses from financial instruments 
(Continued)
Measurement of ECLs (Continued)
ECLs are measured on either of the following bases:
— 12-month ECLs: these are losses that are expected 
to result from possible default events within the 12 
months after the reporting date; and
— lifetime ECLs: these are losses that are expected to 
result from all possible default events over the expected 
lives of the items to which the ECL model applies.
Loss allowances for trade receivables are always measured 
at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs. ECLs on these financial 
assets are estimated using a provision matrix based on the 
Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors 
that are specific to the debtors and an assessment of both 
the current and forecast general economic conditions at the 
reporting date.
For all other financial instruments, the Group recognises a 
loss allowance equal to 12-month ECLs unless there has been 
a significant increase in credit risk of the financial instrument 
since initial recognition, in which case the loss allowance is 
measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.

===== PAGE 156 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited154
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(ii) Credit los ses from financial guarantees issued
Financial guarantees are contracts that require the issuer 
(i.e. the guarantor) to make specified payments to reimburse 
the beneficiary of the guarantee (the “holder”) for a loss 
the holder incurs because a specified debtor fails to make 
payment when due in accordance with the terms of a debt 
instrument.
Financial guarantees issued are initially recognised at fair 
value, which is determined by reference to fees charged in 
an arm’s length transaction for similar services, when such 
information is obtainable, or to interest rate differentials, 
by comparing the actual rates charged by lenders when the 
guarantee is made available with the estimated rates that 
lenders would have charged, had the guarantees not been 
available, where reliable estimates of such information can be 
made. Where consideration is received or receivable for the 
issuance of the guarantee, the consideration is recognised 
in accordance with the Group’s policies applicable to that 
category of asset. Where no such consideration is received or 
receivable, an immediate expense is recognised in profit or 
loss.
Subsequent to initial recognition, the amount initially 
recognised as deferred income is amortised in profit or loss 
over the term of the guarantee as income from financial 
guarantees issued.
The Group monitors the risk that the specified debtor will 
default on the contract and recognises a provision when ECLs 
on the financial guarantees are determined to be higher than 
the carrying amount in respect of the guarantees (i.e. the 
amount initially recognised, less accumulated amortisation).
To determine ECLs, the Group considers changes in the risk 
of default of the specified debtor since the issuance of the 
guarantee. A 12-month ECL is measured unless the risk that 
the specified debtor will default has increased significantly 
since the guarantee is issued, in which case a lifetime ECL 
is measured. The same definition of default and the same 
assessment of significant increase in credit risk as described 
in note 2(k)(i) apply.
As the Group is required to make payments only in the 
event of a default by the specified debtor in accordance with 
the terms of the instrument that is guaranteed, an ECL is 
estimated based on the expected payments to reimburse the 
holder for a credit loss that it incurs less any amount that the 
Group expects to receive from the holder of the guarantee, 
the specified debtor or any other party. The amount is then 
discounted using the current risk-free rate adjusted for risks 
specific to the cash flows.
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES  
(CONTINUED)
(k)  CREDIT LOSSES AND IMPAIRMENT OF 
ASSETS (CONTINUED)
(i) Credit los ses from financial instruments 
(Continued)
Basis of calculation of interest income
Interest income recognised in accordance with note 2(u)(ii) is 
calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial 
asset unless the financial asset is credit-impaired, in which 
case interest income is calculated based on the amortised 
cost (i.e. the gross carrying amount less loss allowance) of the 
financial asset.
At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether a 
financial asset is credit-impaired. A financial asset is credit-
impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental 
impact on the estimated future cash flows of the financial 
asset have occurred.
Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the 
following observable events:
— significant financial difficulties of the debtor;
— a breach of contract, such as a default or delinquency in 
interest or principal payments;
— it becoming probable that the borrower will enter into 
bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation;
— significant changes in the technological, market, 
economic or legal environment that have an adverse 
effect on the debtor; or
— the disappearance of an active market for a security 
because of financial difficulties of the issuer.
Write-off policy
The gross carrying amount of a financial asset, lease 
receivable or contract asset is written off (either partially 
or in full) to the extent that there is no realistic prospect of 
recovery. This is generally the case when the asset becomes 
365 days past due or when the Group determines that the 
debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could 
generate sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts subject 
to the write-off.
Subsequent recoveries of an asset that was previously written 
off are recognised as a reversal of impairment in profit or loss 
in the period in which the recovery occurs.

===== PAGE 157 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 155
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
— Recognitio n of impairment losses
An impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss if the 
carrying amount of an asset, or the cash-generating 
unit to which it belongs, exceeds its recoverable 
amount. Impairment losses recognised in respect of 
cash-generating units are allocated first to reduce the 
carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the cash-
generating unit (or group of units) and then, to reduce 
the carrying amount of the other assets in the unit 
(or group of units) on a pro rata basis, except that the 
carrying value of an asset will not be reduced below its 
individual fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable) 
or value in use (if determinable).
— Reversals of impairment losses
In respect of assets other than goodwill, an impairment 
loss is reversed if there has been a favourable change 
in the estimates used to determine the recoverable 
amount. An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not 
reversed.
A reversal of an impairment loss is limited to the asset’s 
carrying amount that would have been determined had 
no impairment loss been recognised in prior years. 
Reversals of impairment losses are credited to profit or 
loss in the year in which the reversals are recognised.
(iv) Interim financial reporting and impairment
Under the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the 
Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, the Group is required 
to prepare an interim financial report in compliance with 
HKAS 34, Interim financial reporting , in respect of the first six 
months of the financial year. At the end of the interim period, 
the Group applies the same impairment testing, recognition, 
and reversal criteria as it would at the end of the financial 
year (see notes 2(k)(i), (ii) and (iii)).
Impairment losses recognised in an interim period in respect 
of goodwill are not reversed in a subsequent period. This is 
the case even if no loss, or a smaller loss, would have been 
recognised had the impairment been assessed only at the 
end of the financial year to which the interim period relates.
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES  
(CONTINUED)
(k)  CREDIT LOSSES AND IMPAIRMENT OF 
ASSETS (CONTINUED)
(iii) Impairment of other no n-current assets
Internal and external sources of information are reviewed at 
the end of each reporting period to identify indications that 
the following assets may be impaired or, except in the case of 
goodwill, an impairment loss previously recognised no longer 
exists or may have decreased:
— property, plant and equipment, including right-of-
use assets (other than property carried at revalued 
amounts);
— pre-paid interests in leasehold land classified as being  
held under an operating lease;
— intangible assets;
— goodwill; and
— investments in subsidiaries in the Company’s statement 
of financial position and interest in associates.
If any such indication exists, the asset’s recoverable amount is 
estimated. In addition, for goodwill, the recoverable amount 
is estimated annually whether or not there is any indication of 
impairment.
— Calculation of recoverable amount
The recoverable amount of an asset is the greater of 
its fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. 
In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash 
flows are discounted to their present value using a 
pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market 
assessments of the time value of money and the risks 
specific to the asset. Where an asset does not generate 
cash inflows largely independent of those from other 
assets, the recoverable amount is determined for the 
smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows 
independently (i.e. a cash-generating unit). A portion of 
the carrying amount of a corporate asset (for example, 
head office building) is allocated to an individual cash-
generating unit if the allocation can be done on a 
reasonable and consistent basis, or to the smallest 
group of cash-generating units if otherwise.

===== PAGE 158 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited156
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For a single contract with the customer, either a net contract 
asset or a net contract liability is presented. For multiple 
contracts, contract assets and contract liabilities of unrelated 
contracts are not presented on a net basis.
When the contract includes a significant financing component, 
the contract balance includes interest accrued under the 
effective interest method (see note 2(u)(ii)).
(ii) Other contract costs
Other contract costs are either the incremental costs of 
obtaining a contract with a customer or the costs to fulfil 
a contract with a customer which are not capitalised as 
inventory (see note 2(l)), property, plant and equipment (see 
note 2(h)) or intangible assets (see note 2(i)).
Incremental costs of obtaining a contract are those costs 
that the Group incurs to obtain a contract with a customer 
that it would not have incurred if the contract had not been 
obtained e.g. an incremental sales commission. Incremental 
costs of obtaining a contract are capitalised when incurred if 
the costs are expected to be recovered, unless the expected 
amortisation period is one year or less from the date of initial 
recognition of the asset, in which case the costs are expensed 
when incurred. Other costs of obtaining a contract are 
expensed when incurred.
Capitalised contract costs are stated at cost less accumulated 
amortisation and impairment losses. Impairment losses are 
recognised to the extent that the carrying amount of the 
contract cost asset exceeds the net of (i) remaining amount of 
consideration that the Group expects to receive in exchange 
for the goods or services to which the asset relates, less (ii) 
any costs that relate directly to providing those goods or 
services that have not yet been recognised as expenses.
Amortisation of capitalised contract costs is charged to 
profit or loss when the performance obligations relate to 
the contract are satisfied. The accounting policy for revenue 
recognition is set out in note 2(u).
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES  
(CONTINUED)
(l)  INVENTORIES
Inventories are carried at the lower of cost and net realisable 
value.
Cost is calculated using the first-in first-out method and 
comprises all costs of purchase, costs of conversion and other 
costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present 
location and condition.
Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the 
ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of 
completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the 
sale.
When inventories are sold, the carrying amount of those 
inventories is recognised as an expense in the period in which 
the related revenue is recognised. The amount of any write-
down of inventories to net realisable value and all losses 
of inventories are recognised as an expense in the period 
in which the write-down or loss occurs. The amount of any 
reversal of any write-down of inventories is recognised as 
a reduction in the amount of inventories recognised as an 
expense in the period in which the reversal occurs.
(m)  CONTRACT ASSETS, CONTRACT 
LIABILITIES AND OTHER CONTRACT 
COSTS
(i) Contract assets and con tract liabilities
A contract asset is recognised when the Group recognises 
revenue (see note 2(u)) before being unconditionally entitled 
to the consideration under the payment terms set out in the 
contract. Contract assets are assessed for ECL in accordance 
with the policy set out in note 2(k)(i) and are reclassified to 
receivables when the right to the consideration has become 
unconditional (see note 2(n)).
A contract liability is recognised when the customer pays 
consideration before the Group recognises the related 
revenue (see note 2(u)). A contract liability would also be 
recognised if the Group has an unconditional right to receive 
consideration before the Group recognises the related 
revenue. In such cases, a corresponding receivable would also 
be recognised (see note 2(n)).

===== PAGE 159 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 157
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(ii) Defined b enefit plan obligation
The Group has the defined benefit plans of LSP under the 
Hong Kong Employment Ordinance.
The group’s net obligation in respect of defined benefit plans 
is calculated by estimating the amount of future benefit that 
employees have earned in the current and prior periods and 
discounting that amount. For LSP obligations, the estimated 
amount of future benefit is determined after deducting 
the negative service cost arising from the accrued benefits 
derived from the Group’s MPF contributions that have been 
vested with employees, which are deemed to be contributions 
from the relevant employees.
Net interest expense for the period is determined by applying 
the discount rate used to measure the defined benefit 
obligation at the beginning of the reporting period to the then 
net defined benefit liability, taking into account any changes in 
the net defined benefit liability during the period. Net interest 
expense and other expenses related to defined benefit plans 
are recognised in profit or loss.
(iii) Share-based payments
The fair value of share options granted to employees is 
recognised as an employee cost with a corresponding 
increase in a capital reserve within equity. The fair value is 
measured at grant date using the Binomial Option pricing 
model, taking into account the terms and conditions upon 
which the options were granted. Where the employees have 
to meet vesting conditions before becoming unconditionally 
entitled to the share options, the total estimated fair value 
of the share options is spread over the vesting period, taking 
into account the probability that the options will vest.
During the vesting period, the number of share options that 
is expected to vest is reviewed. Any resulting adjustment to 
the cumulative fair value recognised in prior years is charged/
credited to profit or loss for the year of the review, unless 
the original employee expenses qualify for recognition as an 
asset, with a corresponding adjustment to the capital reserve. 
On vesting date, the amount recognised as an expense is 
adjusted to reflect the actual number of share options that 
vest (with a corresponding adjustment to the capital reserve) 
except where forfeiture is only due to not achieving vesting 
conditions that relate to the market price of the Company’s 
shares. The equity amount is recognised in the capital reserve 
until either the option is exercised (when it is included in the 
amount recognised in share capital for the shares issued) or 
the option expires (when it is released directly to retained 
profits).
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES  
(CONTINUED)
(n)  TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
A receivable is recognised when the Group has an 
unconditional right to receive consideration. A right to receive 
consideration is unconditional if only the passage of time is 
required before payment of that consideration is due.
Receivables are stated at amortised cost using the effective 
interest method less allowance for credit losses (see note 2(k)
(i)).
(o)  INTEREST-BEARING BORROWINGS
Interest-bearing borrowings are measured initially at fair value 
less transaction costs. Subsequently, these borrowings are 
stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method. 
Interest expense is recognised in accordance with note 2(x).
(p)  TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value. 
Subsequent to initial recognition, trade and other payables 
are stated at amortised cost unless the effect of discounting 
would be immaterial, in which case they are stated at invoice 
amounts.
(q)  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on 
hand, demand deposits with banks and other financial 
institutions, and short-term, highly liquid investments that are 
readily convertible into known amounts of cash and which 
are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, having 
been within three months of maturity at acquisition. Cash and 
cash equivalents are assessed for ECL in accordance with the 
policy set out in note 2(k)(i).
(r)  EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
(i) Short-term employee benefits and 
contributions to defined contribution 
retirement plans
Short-term employee benefits are expensed as the related 
service is provided. A liability is recognised for the amount 
expected to be paid if the Group has a present legal or 
constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result of past 
service provided by the employee and the obligation can be 
estimated reliably.
Obligations for contributions to defined contribution 
retirement plans are expensed as the related service is 
provided.

===== PAGE 160 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited158
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences 
between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for 
financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for 
taxation purposes. Deferred tax is not recognised for:
— tem porary differences on the initial recognition of 
assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a business 
combination and that affects neither accounting nor 
taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal 
taxable and deductible temporary differences;
— temporary differences related to investment in 
subsidiaries, associates and joint venture to the extent 
that the group is able to control the timing of the 
reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable 
that they will not reverse in the foreseeable future;
— ta xable temporary differences arising on the initial 
recognition of goodwill; and
— those related to the income taxes arising from tax laws 
enacted or substantively enacted to implement the 
Pillar Two model rules published by the Organisation for 
Economic Co-operation and Development.
Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses, 
unused tax credits and deductible temporary differences to 
the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will 
be available against which they can be used. Future taxable 
profits are determined based on the reversal of relevant 
taxable temporary differences. If the amount of taxable 
temporary differences is insufficient to recognise a deferred 
tax asset in full, then future taxable profits, adjusted for 
reversals of existing temporary differences, are considered, 
based on the business plans for individual subsidiaries in the 
group. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting 
date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer 
probable that the related tax benefit will be realised; such 
reductions are reversed when the probability of future taxable 
profits improves.
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES  
(CONTINUED)
(r)  EMPLOYEE BENEFITS (CONTINUED)
(iv) Share award plan
For the share award plan, the Group may purchase its own 
shares through the trustee of the share award plan from the 
open market for the shares to be granted under the share 
award plan. Shares held by a controlled structured entity of 
the Group (see note 2(d)) to meet obligations under share 
award plan (see note 25) are accounted for as treasury shares 
in the consolidated financial statements.
(v) Termination benefits
Termination benefits are recognised when, and only when, the 
Group demonstrably commits itself to terminate employment 
or to provide benefits as a result of voluntary redundancy 
by having a detailed formal plan which is without realistic 
possibility of withdrawal.
(s)  INCOME TAX
Income tax expense comprises current tax and deferred 
tax. It is recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that 
it relates to a business combination, or items recognised 
directly in equity or in OCI.
Current tax comprises the estimated tax payable or 
receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year and 
any adjustments to the tax payable or receivable in respect 
of previous years. The amount of current tax payable or 
receivable is the best estimate of the tax amount expected 
to be paid or received that reflects any uncertainty related 
to income taxes. It is measured using tax rates enacted or 
substantively enacted at the reporting date. Current tax also 
includes any tax arising from dividends.
Current tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain 
criteria are met.

===== PAGE 161 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 159
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(t)  PROVISIONS AND CONTINGENT 
LIABILITIES
Provisions are recognised for liabilities of uncertain timing 
or amount when the Group or the Company has a legal or 
constructive obligation arising as a result of a past event, 
it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be 
required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate 
can be made. Where the time value of money is material, 
provisions are stated at the present value of the expenditure 
expected to settle the obligation.
A provision for warranties is recognised when the underlying 
products or services are sold, based on historical warranty 
data and a weighting of possible outcomes against their 
associated probabilities.
Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits 
will be required, or the amount cannot be estimated reliably, 
the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless 
the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote. 
Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed 
by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more future 
events are also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the 
probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.
Where some or all of the expenditure required to settle a 
provision is expected to be reimbursed by another party, a 
separate asset is recognised for any expected reimbursement 
that would be virtually certain. The amount recognised for 
the reimbursement is limited to the carrying amount of the 
provision.
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES  
(CONTINUED)
(s)  INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)
The measurement of deferred tax reflects the tax 
consequences that would follow from the manner in which 
the group expects, at the reporting date, to recover or settle 
the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.
Current tax balances and deferred tax balances, and 
movements therein, are presented separately from each 
other and are not offset. Current tax assets are offset against 
current tax liabilities, and deferred tax assets against deferred 
tax liabilities, if the Company or the Group has the legally 
enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current 
tax liabilities and the following additional conditions are met:
— in the case of current tax assets and liabilities, the 
Company or the Group intends either to settle on a 
net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability 
simultaneously; or
— in the case of d eferred tax assets and liabilities, if they 
relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation 
authority on either:
— the same taxable entity; or
— different taxable entities, which, in each future 
period in which significant amounts of deferred 
tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled 
or recovered, intend to realise the current tax 
assets and settle the current tax liabilities on a net 
basis or realise and settle simultaneously.

===== PAGE 162 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited160
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(iii) Government grants
Government grants are recognised in the statement of 
financial position initially when there is reasonable assurance 
that they will be received and that the Group will comply with 
the conditions attaching to them. Grants that compensate 
the Group for expenses incurred are recognised as income 
in profit or loss on a systematic basis in the same periods in 
which the expenses are incurred. Grants that compensate 
the Group for the cost of an asset are recognised as deferred 
income which is recognised in profit or loss on a systematic 
basis over the useful life of the asset.
(iv) Rental inc ome from operating leases
Rental income receivable under operating leases is recognised 
in profit or loss in equal instalments over the periods covered 
by the lease term, except where an alternative basis is more 
representative of the pattern of benefits to be derived from 
the use of the leased asset.
(v)  RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT
Research and development costs comprise all costs that are 
directly attributable to research and development activities 
or that can be allocated on a reasonable basis to such 
activities. Because of the nature of the Group’s research 
and development activities, the criteria for the recognition 
of such costs as an asset are generally not met until late in 
the development stage of the project when the remaining 
development costs are immaterial. Hence both research costs 
and development costs are generally recognised as expenses 
in the period in which they are incurred.
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES  
(CONTINUED)
(u)  REVENUE AND OTHER INCOME
Income is classified by the Group as revenue when it arises 
from the sale of goods. Revenue is recognised when control 
over a product is transferred to the customer, at the amount 
of promised consideration to which the Group is expected 
to be entitled, excluding those amounts collected on behalf 
of third parties. Revenue excludes value added tax or other 
sales taxes and is after deduction of any trade discounts.
The Group takes advantage of the practical expedient 
in paragraph 63 of HKFRS 15 and does not adjust the 
consideration for any effects of a significant financing 
component if the period of financing is 12 months or less.
Further details of the Group’s revenue and other income 
recognition policies are as follows:
(i) Sale of go ods
Revenue is recognised at point in time when the customer 
takes possession of and accepts the products. If the products 
are a partial fulfilment of a contract covering other goods 
and/or services, then the amount of revenue recognised is an 
appropriate proportion of the total transaction price under 
the contract, allocated between all the goods and services 
promised under the contract on a relative stand-alone selling 
price basis.
The Group offers warranties for its made-to-order products 
for one to three years from the date of sale. A related 
provision is recognised in accordance with note 2(t).
(ii) Interest income
Interest income is recognised as it accrues using the effective 
interest method. For financial assets measured at amortised 
cost that are not credit-impaired, the effective interest rate is 
applied to the gross carrying amount of the asset. For credit-
impaired financial assets, the effective interest rate is applied 
to the amortised cost (i.e. gross carrying amount net of loss 
allowance) of the asset (see note 2(k)(i)).

===== PAGE 163 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 161
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(x)  BORROWING COSTS
Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the 
acquisition, construction or production of an asset which 
necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for 
its intended use or sale are capitalised as part of the cost of 
that asset. Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period 
in which they are incurred.
The capitalisation of borrowing costs as part of the cost of 
a qualifying asset commences when expenditure for the 
asset is being incurred, borrowing costs are being incurred 
and activities that are necessary to prepare the asset for 
its intended use or sale are in progress. Capitalisation of 
borrowing costs is suspended or ceases when substantially all 
the activities necessary to prepare the qualifying asset for its 
intended use or sale are interrupted or complete.
(y)  RELATED PARTIES
(1) A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is 
related to the Group if that person:
(i) has control or joint control over the Group;
(ii) has significant influence over the Group; or
(iii) is a member of the key management personnel of 
the Group or the Group’s parent.
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES  
(CONTINUED)
(w)  TRANSLATION OF FOREIGN 
CURRENCIES
Foreign currency transactions during the year are translated 
at the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction dates. 
Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign 
currencies are translated at the foreign exchange rates ruling 
at the end of the reporting period. Exchange gains and losses 
are recognised in profit or loss.
Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in 
terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated 
using the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction 
dates. The transaction date is the date on which the Company 
initially recognises such non-monetary assets or liabilities. 
Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign 
currencies that are stated at fair value are translated using 
the foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates the fair value 
was measured.
The results of operations with functional currency other than 
Hong Kong dollars are translated into Hong Kong dollars at 
the exchange rates approximating the foreign exchange rates 
ruling at the dates of the transactions. Statement of financial 
position items including goodwill arising on consolidation 
of foreign operations acquired on or after 1 January 2005, 
are translated into Hong Kong dollars at the closing foreign 
exchange rates at the end of the reporting period. The 
resulting exchange differences are recognised in other 
comprehensive income and accumulated separately in equity 
in the exchange reserve.
On disposal of an operation with functional currency other 
than Hong Kong dollars, the cumulative amount of the 
exchange differences relating to that operation is reclassified 
from equity to profit or loss when the gain or loss on disposal 
is recognised.

===== PAGE 164 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited162
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(z)  SEGMENT REPORTING
Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item 
reported in the financial statements, are identified from the 
financial information provided regularly to the Group’s most 
senior executive management for the purposes of allocating 
resources to, and assessing the performance of, the Group’s 
various lines of business and geographical locations.
Individually material operating segments are not aggregated 
for financial reporting purposes unless the segments have 
similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of 
the nature of products and services, the nature of production 
processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used 
to distribute the products or provide the services and the 
nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments 
which are not individually material may be aggregated if they 
share a majority of these criteria.
3 ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND 
ESTIMATES
Note 27 contains information about assumptions and their 
risk factors relating to fair value of financial instruments. 
Other significant sources of estimation uncertainty are as 
follows:
(a)  EXPECTED CREDIT LOSSES ON TRADE 
RECEIVABLES
The Group maintains a loss allowance account measured 
at an amount equal to lifetime ECL of receivables stated 
at amortised cost. The loss allowance is estimated using a 
provision matrix based on the Group’s historical credit loss 
experience, adjusted for factor that are specific to the debtors 
and an assessment of both the current and forecast general 
economic conditions at the reporting date. If there is a change 
in the financial condition of the debtors, actual credit losses 
would be higher or lower than estimated.
(b)  WRITE-DOWN OF INVENTORIES
The Group reviews the carrying amounts of the inventories 
at the end of each reporting period to determine whether 
the inventories are carried at lower of cost and net realisable 
value in accordance with the accounting policy set out in note 
2(l). Management estimates net realisable value based on the 
current market situation and historical experience on similar 
inventories. Any change in the assumptions would increase or 
decrease the amount of inventories write-down or the related 
reversal of write-down made in prior years and affect the 
Group’s net asset value and profit or loss.
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES  
(CONTINUED)
(y)  RELATED PARTIES (CONTINUED)
(2) An  entity is related to the Group if any of the following 
conditions applies:
(i) The e ntity and the Group are members of the 
same group (which means that each parent, 
subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the 
others).
(ii) One entity is an associate or joint venture of the 
other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a 
member of a group of which the other entity is a 
member).
(iii) Both entities are joint ventures of the same third  
party.
(iv) One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and 
the other entity is an associate of the third entity.
(v) The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for 
the benefit of employees of either the Group or 
an entity related to the Group.
(vi) T he entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a 
person identified in (1).
(vii) A p erson identified in (1)(i) has significant 
influence over the entity or is a member of the 
key management personnel of the entity (or of a 
parent of the entity).
(viii) The entity, or any member of a group of which 
it is a part, provides key management personnel 
services to the Group or to the Group’s parent.
Close members of the family of a person are those family 
members who may be expected to influence, or be influenced 
by, that person in their dealings with the entity.

===== PAGE 165 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 163
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
5 OTHER OPERATING INCOME, NET
2025 2024
$’000 $’000
Interest income from deposits  
with banks 106,598 115,440
Government grants (note) 96,123 34,617
Net realised and unrealised  
gains/(losses) on other financial 
assets — equity securities 50,713 (1,377)
Net gain on current other  
financial assets measured at fair 
value through profit or loss 15,354 9,721
Net gain on disposal of property, 
plant and equipment 1,646 535
Net exchange loss (11,365) (1,628)
Rental receivable from  
operating leases – 25
Gain on disposal of investments  
in associates – 26,765
Other income 14,724 14,948
   
273,793 199,046
   
Note: The amount rep resents the incentives granted by the government 
to the Group for engaging in research and development of high 
technology manufacturing and other subsidies of $7,369,000 
(2024: $9,795,000), amortisation of government grants received 
in relation to acquisitions of machineries of $39,657,000 
(2024: $21,224,000), incentive related to production of $43,823,000 
(2024: $811,000) and incentives granted in relation to staff retention 
of $5,274,000 (2024: $2,787,000). There are no unfulfilled conditions 
attaching to these government grants.
4 REVENUE
The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. 
The principal activities of the Group are the design, 
manufacture and sale of liquid crystal displays and related 
products. The Group is principally engaged in the automotive 
and industrial display business and has monochrome display 
manufacturing capacity and TFT and touch panel display 
module assembly capacity.
Revenue represents the invoiced value of goods supplied to 
customer by the Group less returns and discounts within the 
scope of HKFRS 15.
The Group’s customer base is diversified and includes one 
customer (2024: one) with whom transactions have exceeded 
10% of the Group’s revenues in 2025. In 2025, revenues 
from sales to this customer amounted to approximately 
$3,176,791,000 (2024: $3,206,835,000). Details of 
concentrations of credit risk are set out in note 27(a).
The Group has applied the practical expedient in paragraph 
121 of HKFRS 15 to its sales contracts such that the above 
information does not include revenue that the Group will 
be entitled to when it satisfies the remaining performance 
obligations under contracts with customers that had an 
original expected duration of one year or less.
Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by 
geographic markets is disclosed in note 11.

===== PAGE 166 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited164
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
2025 2024
$’000 $’000
(c) Other operating expenses
Amortisation of
 intangible assets 5,508 4,064
Auditors’ remuneration
 — Audit services 3,312 3,232
 — Assurance services 583 583
 — Tax and other services 170 115
Bank charges 9,325 5,301
Building management fee 8,861 8,726
Provision of expected credit
 loss allowance on trade
 receivables 27,505 10,855
Factory consumables,
 cleaning and security
 service expenses 58,902 62,168
Freight charges 106,035 99,938
Insurance expenses 8,454 6,252
Legal and professional fees 22,982 18,784
Office expenses 13,211 12,651
Other taxes, surcharge & duties 40,466 38,971
Repair and maintenance 34,793 39,787
Sales, marketing,
 commission and quality
 assurance expenses 119,631 127,300
Subcontracting fees 104,543 77,771
Trademark licence fee 24,676 14,552
Travelling and
 entertainment expenses 49,651 41,229
Utilities expenses 84,067 86,273
Expense related to
 short term leases 10,174 11,127
Miscellaneous expenses 5,845 1,428
   
738,694 671,107
   
6 PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION
Profit before taxation is arrived at after charging:
2025 2024
$’000 $’000
(a) Finance costs
Interest on lease liabilities
 (note 19(d)) 1,430 1,383
Interest on bank borrowings
 (note 19(d)) 8,954 13,979
   
10,384 15,362
   
(b) Other items
Expected credit loss
 allowance in respect of
 trade receivables 27,505 10,855
Cost of inventories (note 17(b)) 12,740,426 12,290,039
Research and development
 costs 327,088 284,160
Contributions to defined
 contribution retirement plans 90,451 74,359
Equity settled share-based
 payment expenses 15,037 13,374
   

===== PAGE 167 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 165
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(ii) Chinese M ainland income taxes
The Group’s operations in the Chinese Mainland are subject 
to Corporate Income Tax Law of the PRC. The standard 
Corporate Income Tax rate is 25%.
Varitronix (Heyuan) Display Technology Limited (“Varitronix 
Heyuan”), REHEO technology Co. Ltd. (“REHEO”) and Varitronix 
Automobile Electronics (Huizhou) Co., Ltd (“Varitronix 
Huizhou”), subsidiaries of the Group, were designated as high 
and new technology enterprise, which qualified for a reduced 
Corporate Income Tax rate of 15%. Chengdu BOE Automotive 
Display Technology Co., Ltd. (“Chengdu Automotive”), 
subsidiary of the Group was entitled to preferential tax 
policy of the western development and was subject to the 
preferential Corporate Income Tax rate of 15%. Accordingly, 
Varitronix Heyuan, REHEO, Varitronix Huizhou and Chengdu 
Automotive’s applicable tax rate is 15% for the years ended 
31 December 2025 and 2024.
According to relevant laws and regulations promulgated by 
the State Administration of Taxation of the Chinese Mainland, 
Varitronix Heyuan, Varitronix Huizhou, REHEO and Chengdu 
Automotive were entitled to the bonus deduction of certain 
research and development costs incurred as tax deductible 
expenses when determining their assessable profits for the 
years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024. The Group has 
made a best estimate of the bonus deduction to be claimed 
for Varitronix Heyuan, Varitronix Huizhou, REHEO and 
Chengdu Automotive in ascertaining its assessable profits for 
the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.
Other subsidiaries of the Group incorporated in the Chinese 
Mainland are subject to the standard Chinese Mainland 
Corporate Income Tax rate of 25%.
Withholding tax is levied on dividend distributions arising from 
profits of the Chinese Mainland entities of the Group earned 
after 1 January 2008 based on an applicable tax rate at 5%.
(iii) Jurisdictio ns outside Hong Kong and the 
Chinese Mainland
Taxation for subsidiaries with operations outside Hong Kong 
and the Chinese Mainland is charged at the appropriate 
current rates of taxation ruling in the relevant tax jurisdictions.
7 INCOME TAX
(a)  TAXATION IN THE CONSOLIDATED 
STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS 
REPRESENTS:
2025 2024
$’000 $’000
Current tax —
 Hong Kong Profits Tax
Provision for the year 18,642 33,456
Over-provision in respect of
 prior years (825) (2,135)
   
17,817 31,321
   
Current tax —
 Chinese Mainland income taxes
Provision for the year 27,554 37,483
(Over)/under-provision in respect of
 prior years (252) 1,311
   
27,302 38,794
   
Current tax —  
Jurisdictions outside Hong Kong 
and the Chinese Mainland
Provision for the year 5,646 4,621
Under/(over)-provision in respect of 
prior years 2,661 (2,509)
   
8,307 2,112
   
Deferred tax
Origination and reversal of temporary 
differences (note 23(b)) 303 (51,721)
   
53,729 20,506
   
(i) Hong Kon g Profits Tax
The Group’s operations in Hong Kong are subject to Hong 
Kong Profits Tax at a rate of 16.5%.

===== PAGE 168 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited166
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(c)  PILLAR TWO INCOME TAX
The Company is part of a multinational enterprise group 
which is subject to the Global Anti-Base Erosion Model Rules 
(“Pillar Two model rules”) published by the Organisation for 
Economic Co-operation and Development.
From 1 January 2025, the Group is also liable to Pillar 
Two income taxes under the Hong Kong Inland Revenue 
(Amendment) (Minimum Tax for Multinational Enterprise 
Groups) Ordinance 2025 for its earnings in the Hong Kong 
SAR and certain other jurisdictions where a domestic 
minimum top-up tax has not been implemented.
The Group has assessed its potential exposure and for the 
year ended 31 December 2025. Based on the assessment, 
the Group does not have a material exposure to Pillar Two 
income taxes.
7 INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)
(b)  RECONCILIATION BETWEEN TAX 
EXPENSE AND ACCOUNTING PROFIT AT 
APPLICABLE TAX RATES:
2025 2024
$’000 $’000
Profit before taxation 395,366 422,091
   
Notional tax on profit before taxation, 
calculated at the rates applicable 
to profits in the tax jurisdictions 
concerned 66,613 70,446
Tax effect of non-deductible expenses 6,063 10,456
Tax effect of non-taxable income (20,900) (22,455)
Effect on research and  
development bonus deduction (30,117) (29,669)
Tax effect of unused tax losses not 
recognised 26,438 8,009
Tax effect of derecognition of  
tax losses previously recognised 17,744 –
Tax effect of other temporary 
difference not recognised 1,887 1,413
Tax effect of previously unrecognised 
tax losses recognised this year – (13,129)
Tax effect of previously unrecognised 
temporary difference recognised 
this year (15,203) –
Utilisation of unused tax losses 
previously not recognised (426) (1,276)
Under/(over) provisions in prior years 1,584 (3,333)
Others 46 44
   
Actual tax expense 53,729 20,506
   

===== PAGE 169 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 167
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
8 DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS
Directors’ emoluments disclosed pursuant to section 383(1) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the 
Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation are as follows:
YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
Directors’ 
fees Salary
Other 
benefit
Discretionary
bonuses
Retirement
scheme 
contributions Sub-total
Share-
based 
payments Total
$’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000
Executive Directors
Gao Wenbao (note i) – – – – – – – –
Ko Wing Yan, Samantha – 2,400 – 280 18 2,698 211 2,909
Su Ning – 1,028 1 1,100 213 2,342 974 3,316
Lo Pak Chi (note ii) – 232 14 94 12 352 47 399
Non-executive Directors
Shao Xibin – – – – – – – –
Jin Hao (note iii) – – – – – – – –
Meng Chao – – – – – – – –
Liu Jing (note iv) – – – – – – – –
Independent  
Non-executive Directors
Fung, Yuk Kan Peter 200 – – – – 200 148 348
Chu, Howard Ho Hwa 200 – – – – 200 148 348
Pang Chunlin 200 – – – – 200 148 348
         
Total 600 3,660 15 1,474 243 5,992 1,676 7,668
         
YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
Directors’
 fees Salary
Other
 benefit
Discretionary 
bonuses
Retirement 
scheme
 contributions Sub-total
Share-
based 
payments Total
$’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000
Executive Directors
Gao Wenbao (note i) – – – – – – – –
Ko Wing Yan, Samantha – 2,400 – 210 18 2,628 352 2,980
Su Ning – 1,008 – 1,058 238 2,304 722 3,026
Non-executive Directors
Shao Xibin – – – – – – – –
Jin Hao (note iii) – – – – – – – –
Meng Chao – – – – – – – –
Independent  
Non-executive Directors
Fung, Yuk Kan Peter 200 – – – – 200 141 341
Chu, Howard Ho Hwa 200 – – – – 200 141 341
Pang Chunlin 200 – – – – 200 112 312
         
Total 600 3,408 – 1,268 256 5,532 1,468 7,000
         

===== PAGE 170 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited168
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
10 EARNINGS PER SHARE
(a)  BASIC EARNINGS PER SHARE
The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on 
the consolidated profit attributable to ordinary equity 
shareholders of the Company of $345,368,000 (2024: 
$391,282,000) and the weighted average of 787,515,983 
ordinary shares (2024: 788,571,961 ordinary shares) in issue 
(excluding awarded shares held under the Share Award Plan) 
during the year.
(b)  DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE
The calculation of diluted earnings per share is based on 
the consolidated profit attributable to equity shareholders 
of the Company of $345,368,000 (2024: $391,282,000) and 
the weighted average of 789,862,826 ordinary shares (2024: 
790,536,366 ordinary shares), calculated as follows:
Weighted average number of ordinary shares 
(diluted)
2025 2024
Weighted average number of  
ordinary shares at 31 December 787,515,983 788,571,961
Effect of Share Award Plan 2,346,843 1,964,405
   
Weighted average number of  
ordinary shares (diluted) at  
31 December 789,862,826 790,536,366
   
8 DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS 
(CONTINUED)
Note (i): Gao Wenbao has resigned as an executive director with effect  
from 10 October 2025.
Note (ii): Lo Pak Chi has been appointed as an executive director with 
effect from 10 October 2025.
Note (iii): Jin Hao has resigned as a non-executive director with effect from 
10 October 2025.
Note (iv): Liu  Jing has been appointed as a non-executive director with 
effect from 10 October 2025.
9 INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST 
EMOLUMENTS
Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments, two (2024: 
two) are Directors, whose emoluments are disclosed in note 
8. The aggregate of the emoluments in respect of the other 
three (2024: three) individuals are as follows:
2025 2024
$’000 $’000
Salaries and other emoluments 3,850 4,440
Discretionary bonuses 1,451 923
Share-based payments 602 1,036
Retirement scheme contributions 366 88
   
6,269 6,487
   
The emoluments of the three (2024: three) individuals with 
the highest emoluments are within the following band:
2025 2024
Number of 
individual
Number of
 individual
$1,500,001–$2,000,000 1 1
$2,000,001–$2,500,000 2 2
   

===== PAGE 171 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 169
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(b)  GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION
The following tables set out information about the 
geographical location of (i) the Group’s revenues from external 
customers and (ii) the Group’s property, plant and equipment 
and intangible assets (“specified non-current assets”). The 
geographical location of revenue from external customers is 
determined by the location where the customer’s sourcing 
decision is made. The geographical location of the specified 
non-current assets is determined by the physical locations of 
the asset in the case of property, plant and equipment, and 
by the location of the operation to which they are allocated in 
the case of intangible assets.
(i) Group’s r evenues from external customers
2025 2024
$’000 $’000
The PRC 8,895,915 8,349,868
   
Europe 2,971,396 2,444,354
America 712,206 837,619
Japan 770,388 1,156,877
Korea 331,065 375,989
Others 276,331 283,799
   
5,061,386 5,098,638
   
Consolidated revenue 13,957,301 13,448,506
   
(ii) Group’s s pecified non-current assets
2025 2024
$’000 $’000
Property, plant and equipment and 
intangible assets
The PRC (place of domicile) 2,345,689 2,074,262
Others 13,170 15,551
   
2,358,859 2,089,813
   
11 SEGMENT REPORTING
(a)  OPERATING SEGMENT RESULTS
The Group manages its business as a single unit and, 
accordingly, the design, manufacture and sale of liquid 
crystal displays and related products is the only reporting 
segment and virtually all of the revenue and operating profits 
are derived from this business segment. The consolidated 
financial statements are already presented in a manner 
consistent with the way in which information is reported 
internally to the Group’s most senior executive management 
for the purposes of resource allocation and performance 
assessment. Accordingly, no separate business segment 
information is disclosed.
The chief operating decision-maker has been identified as 
the Board. The Board reviews the Group’s internal reporting 
in order to assess performance and allocate resources. 
Management has determined that a single operating segment 
exists based on this internal reporting.
The Board assesses the performance of the operating 
segments based on revenue which is consistent with that in 
the consolidated financial statements. Other information, 
being the total assets excluding deferred tax assets, other 
financial assets and current tax recoverable, all of which 
are managed on a central basis, is provided to the Board to 
assess the performance of the operating segment.

===== PAGE 172 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited170
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
12 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Ownership 
interests in
 leasehold land 
and buildings 
held for
 own use
Other 
properties 
leased for 
own use and 
other leases
Plant, 
machinery, 
tools and 
equipment
Construction 
in progress
Office 
equipment
Others 
(note) Sub-total
Interest in 
leasehold 
land held 
for own use Total
$’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000
Cost
At 1 January 2024 658,648 37,385 2,483,752 22,035 154,930 172,567 3,529,317 61,747 3,591,064
Exchange adjustments (14,081) (748) (48,614) (3,991) (7,406) (2,791) (77,631) (1,320) (78,951)
Additions 15,529 28,413 115,622 396,847 30,150 9,573 596,134 – 596,134
Transfer 37,858 – 244,538 (290,313) 7,913 4 – – –
Disposals – (13,222) (250,288) – (7,736) (6,612) (277,858) – (277,858)
          
At 31 December 2024 697,954 51,828 2,545,010 124,578 177,851 172,741 3,769,962 60,427 3,830,389
          
At 1 January 2025 697,954 51,828 2,545,010 124,578 177,851 172,741 3,769,962 60,427 3,830,389
Exchange adjustments 17,377 963 59,885 3,756 4,835 2,434 89,250 705 89,955
Additions – 10,974 49,410 357,401 19,065 13,011 449,861 15,129 464,990
Transfer 24,313 – 181,775 (215,348) 7,614 710 (936) 936 –
Disposals – (11,405) (235,525) – (2,610) (22,156) (271,696) – (271,696)
          
At 31 December 2025 739,644 52,360 2,600,555 270,387 206,755 166,740 4,036,441 77,197 4,113,638
          

===== PAGE 173 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 171
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
12 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)
Ownership 
interests in 
leasehold land 
and buildings 
held for 
own use
Other 
properties 
leased for 
own use and 
other leases
Plant, 
machinery, 
tools and 
equipment
Construction
 in progress
Office 
equipment
Others
 (note) Sub-total
Interest in 
leasehold 
land held
 for own use Total
$’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000
Accumulated depreciation:
At 1 January 2024 116,614 16,189 1,499,639 – 51,643 132,101 1,816,186 15,298 1,831,484
Exchange adjustments (3,211) (284) (22,286) – (961) (1,812) (28,554) 284 (28,270)
Charge for the year 19,946 15,385 178,536 – 17,361 10,762 241,990 2,311 244,301
Written back on disposals – (13,222) (250,260) – (7,417) (6,612) (277,511) – (277,511)
          
At 31 December 2024 133,349 18,068 1,405,629 – 60,626 134,439 1,752,111 17,893 1,770,004
          
At 1 January 2025 133,349 18,068 1,405,629 – 60,626 134,439 1,752,111 17,893 1,770,004
Exchange adjustments 2,934 520 29,884 – 1,747 3,393 38,478 519 38,997
Charge for the year 21,267 15,058 194,377 – 21,874 12,104 264,680 3,003 267,683
Written back on disposals – (9,591) (234,840) – (2,503) (22,145) (269,079) – (269,079)
          
At 31 December 2025 157,550 24,055 1,395,050 – 81,744 127,791 1,786,190 21,415 1,807,605
          
Net book value:
At 31 December 2025 582,094 28,305 1,205,505 270,387 125,011 38,949 2,250,251 55,782 2,306,033
          
At 31 December 2024 564,605 33,760 1,139,381 124,578 117,225 38,302 2,017,851 42,534 2,060,385
          
Note: Other property, plant and equipm ent comprise mainly leasehold improvements, furniture, fixtures and motor vehicles.

===== PAGE 174 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited172
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(i) Ownership interests in leasehold land and 
buildings held for own use
The Group holds several buildings for its manufacturing 
plants and a property as staff quarter. The Group is the 
registered owner of these property interests, including the 
whole or part of undivided share in the underlying land. Lump 
sum payments were made upfront to acquire these property 
interests from their previous registered owners, and there 
are no ongoing payments to be made under the terms of the 
land lease, other than payments based on rateable values set 
by the relevant government authorities. These payments vary 
from time to time and are payable to the relevant government 
authorities.
(ii) Other properties leased for own use and other 
leases
The Group has obtained the right to use other properties as 
its offices through tenancy agreements. The leases typically 
run for an initial period of 1 to 5 years.
The Group leases motor vehicles under leases expiring 
within two years. None of the leases includes variable lease 
payments.
12 PROPERTY, PLANT AND 
EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)
(a) RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS:
The analysis of the net book value of right-of-use assets by 
class of underlying asset is as follows:
2025 2024
Notes $’000 $’000
Ownership interests in 
leasehold land and 
buildings held for own use (i)
— in Hong Kong 167 175
— outside Hong Kong 581,927 564,430
    
582,094 564,605
Interest in leasehold land 
held for own use outside 
Hong Kong (i) 55,782 42,534
Other properties leased for 
own use and other leases (ii) 28,305 33,760
    
666,181 640,899
    
The analysis of expense items in relation to leases recognised 
in profit or loss is as follows:
2025 2024
$’000 $’000
Depreciation charge of  
right-of-use assets by class of 
underlying asset:
Ownership interests in  
leasehold land and  
buildings held for own use 21,267 19,946
Interest in leasehold land  
held for own use 3,003 2,311
Other properties leased for own 
use and other leases 15,058 15,385
   
39,328 37,642
   
Interest on lease liabilities  
(note 6(a)) 1,430 1,383
Expense relating to  
short term leases 10,174 11,127
   
During the year, additions to right-of-use assets were 
$10,974,000 (2024: $28,413,000).
Details of the maturity analysis of lease liabilities are set out in 
note 22.

===== PAGE 175 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 173
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
13 INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Computer 
software
$’000
Cost:
At 1 January 2024 33,808
Exchange adjustments (274)
Additions 8,659
  
At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025 42,193
Exchange adjustments 537
Additions 28,473
Disposals (90)
  
At 31 December 2025 71,113
  
Accumulated amortisation:
At 1 January 2024 8,747
Exchange adjustments (46)
Charge for the year 4,064
  
At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025 12,765
Exchange adjustments 44
Charge for the year 5,508
Disposals (30)
  
At 31 December 2025 18,287
  
Net book value:
At 31 December 2025 52,826
  
At 31 December 2024 29,428
  
The amortisation charge for the year is included in “other operating expenses” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

===== PAGE 176 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited174
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
14 INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES AND A CONTROLLED STRUCTURED ENTITY
(a) INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES
The following list contains only particulars of subsidiaries which principally affected the results, assets or liabilities of the Group. 
The class of shares held is ordinary unless otherwise stated.
Proportion of ownership interest 
Name of company Place of
incorporation/
operation
Particulars of issued
share capital/
registered capital
Group’s
effective
interest
Held by
the Company
Held by a
subsidiary
Principal 
activities
Chengdu BOE Automotive Display
 Technology Co., Ltd
#
The People’s 
Republic of China
Paid up registered capital 
of RMB1,500,000,000
100% – 100% Manufacture and 
sales of LCDs and 
related products
Varitronix (Chengdu) Display
 Technology Co., Ltd.
 (“Chengdu Vx”)
#
The People’s 
Republic of China
Paid-up registered capital 
of RMB305,145,455
100% – 100% Sales of LCDs and 
related products
Hefei BOE Vehicle Display
 Technology Co., Ltd.
#
The People’s 
Republic of China
Paid-up registered capital 
of RMB387,714,246
100% – 100% Sales of LCDs and 
related products
Link Score Investment Limited Hong Kong 100 ordinary shares 100% – 100% Investment holding
Varitronix Limited Hong Kong 2 ordinary shares 
1,848 non-voting deferred 
ordinary shares
100% – 100% Design and sale of 
LCDs and related 
products
Varitronix France SAS France 2,500 ordinary shares of 
€15.25 each
100% – 100% Marketing and 
sales consultants
Varitronix GmbH Germany 100,000 shares of 
€0.51 each
100% – 100% Marketing and 
sales consultants
Varitronix (Heyuan) Display
 Technology Limited #
The People’s 
Republic of China
Paid-up registered 
capital of 
RMB1,354,353,144
100% – 100% Manufacture and 
sales of LCDs and 
related products
Varitronix Italy s.r.l. Italy 12,000 ordinary 
shares of
 €1 each
100% – 100% Marketing and 
sales consultants
Varitronix (Shenzhen) Automobile
 Technology Co., Ltd
#
The People’s 
Republic of China
Paid-up registered 
capital of 
RMB50,000,000
100% – 100% Design and sale of 
LCDs and related 
products
Varitronix (Switzerland) GmbH Switzerland Registered capital 
CHF30,000
100% – 100% Marketing and 
sales consultants
Varitronix (U.K.) Limited United Kingdom 100 ordinary shares of 
GBP10 each
100% – 100% Marketing and
 sales consultants
VL Electronics, Inc. United States 5,000 common stock of 
US$10 each
100% – 100% Marketing and 
sales consultants

===== PAGE 177 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 175
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Proportion of ownership interest 
Name of company Place of
incorporation/
operation
Particulars of issued
share capital/
registered capital
Group’s
effective
interest
Held by
the Company
Held by a
subsidiary
Principal 
activities
Varitronix (Japan) Limited Japan 1,000 ordinary stock of 
JPY10,000 each
100% – 100% Marketing and 
sales consultants
ʮ̡# The People’s 
Republic of China
Paid up
registered capital of 
RMB100,000,000
50.1% – 50.1% Manufacture and 
sales of LCDs and 
related products
Varitronix Automobile Electronics
 (Huizhou) Co., Ltd. #
The People’s 
Republic of China
Paid up
registered capital of
RMB50,000,000
100% – 100% Design and sales of 
LCDs and 
related products
#Name of company Type of legal entity
Chengdu BOE Automotive Display Technology Co., Ltd Wholly-owned foreign enterprise
Varitronix (Chengdu) Display Technology Co., Ltd. Wholly-owned foreign enterprise
Hefei BOE Vehicle Display Technology Co., Ltd. Wholly-owned foreign enterprise
Varitronix (Heyuan) Display Technology Limited Wholly-owned foreign enterprise
Varitronix (Shenzhen) Automobile Technology Co., Ltd Wholly-owned foreign enterprise
ʮ̡ Non-wholly-owned foreign enterprise
Varitronix Automobile Electronics (Huizhou) Co., Ltd Wholly-owned foreign enterprise
(b) INVESTMENT IN A CONTROLLED STRUCTURED ENTITY
The Company directly controlled a trust (the “Share Award Plan Trust”) that was set up in relation to the Group’s Share Award 
Plan adopted on 28 August 2020 (the “Share Award Plan”). The sole purpose of the Share Award Plan Trust is the purchasing, 
administering and holding the Company’s shares under the Share Award Plan for the benefit of eligible employees (see note 
25). The Company has the power to direct the relevant activities of the Share Award Plan Trust and it has the ability to use 
its power over the trust to affect its exposure to returns. Therefore, the Share Award Plan Trust is considered as a controlled 
structured entity of the Group.
14 INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES AND A CONTROLLED STRUCTURED ENTITY 
(CONTINUED)
(a) INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

===== PAGE 178 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited176
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
15 NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS
The following table lists out the information in a subsidiary which has material non-controlling interests (“NCI”). The summarised 
financial information presented below represents the amounts before any inter-company elimination.
睿合科技有限公司
2025 2024
$’000 $’000
NCI percentage 49.9% 49.9%
Non-current assets 94,915 73,639
Current assets 234,884 277,820
Current liabilities (104,802) (142,069)
Non-current liabilities (98,861) (78,711)
Net assets 126,136 130,679
Carrying amount of NCI 62,942 65,209
   
Revenue 840,095 729,243
(Loss)/profit for the year (7,476) 20,647
Total comprehensive (loss)/income (7,476) 20,647
(Loss)/profit allocated to NCI (3,731) 10,303
   
Cash inflows/(outflows) from operating activities 40,584 (5,968)
Cash outflows from investing activities (20,703) (20,122)
Cash (outflows)/inflows from financing activities (13,601) 18,306
   
16 OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS
2025 2024
$’000 $’000
Non-current portion
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
— Listed equity securities in Hong Kong – 38,486
— Unlisted equity securities outside Hong Kong 1,900 1,700   
1,900 40,186   
Current portion
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
— Listed equity securities in Hong Kong 73,304 –
— Issued by financial institutions outside Hong Kong (note) 16,642 389,759
   
89,946 389,759   
Note: Th e balances as at 31 December 2025 represent the investments in the structured deposit products which were issued by the Company’s principal 
banker with a guaranteed principal and a floating return.

===== PAGE 179 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 177
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
17 INVENTORIES
(a) INVENTORIES IN THE CONSOLIDATED 
STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
COMPRISE:
2025 2024
$’000 $’000
Raw materials 554,586 577,932
Work in progress 301,618 409,565
Finished goods 1,022,162 790,882
   
1,878,366 1,778,379
   
(b) THE ANALYSIS OF THE AMOUNT OF 
INVENTORIES RECOGNISED AS AN 
EXPENSE IS AS FOLLOWS:
2025 2024
$’000 $’000
Carrying amount of  
inventories sold 12,590,744 12,178,832
Write-down of inventories 155,909 149,413
Reversal of write-down of 
inventories (6,227) (38,206)
   
12,740,426 12,290,039
   
The reversal of write-down of inventories made in prior years 
arose due to subsequent utilisation of certain inventories 
as a result of a change in customers’ specifications on the 
products.
18 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES, 
DEPOSITS, PREPAYMENTS AND 
OTHER CONTRACT COSTS
2025 2024
$’000 $’000
Trade debtors and bills receivable,  
net of expected credit loss 
allowance 2,973,023 2,895,566
Other tax recoverable 206,203 219,431
Other receivables 58,169 45,603
Amount due from  
non-controlling interest – 11,984
Deposits and prepayments 226,593 143,478
Other contract costs 62,344 48,717
   
3,526,332 3,364,779
Non-current deposits, prepayment 
and other contract costs (145,673) (38,822)
   
3,380,659 3,325,957
   
Non-current deposits and prepayments were paid for the TFT 
tooling costs and purchases of plant and equipment.

===== PAGE 180 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited178
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
19 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, 
FIXED DEPOSITS WITH BANKS 
AND RESTRICTED BANK DEPOSITS
(a) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
AND FIXED DEPOSITS WITH BANKS 
COMPRISE:
2025 2024
$’000 $’000
Fixed deposits with banks with  
more than three months to 
maturity when placed 1,159,258 843,817
   
Fixed deposits with banks with  
three months or less to  
maturity when placed 1,104,358 671,473
Cash at banks and on hand 2,087,076 2,028,668
   
Cash and cash equivalents 3,191,434 2,700,141
   
(i) At 31 December 2025, included in cash and cash 
equivalents were amounts of approximately $5,318,000 
(2024: $3,779,000) placed at the Share Award Plan Trust 
for purchasing its own shares through the trustee from 
the open market for the shares to be granted under the 
Share Award Plan.
(ii) As at 31 December 2025, cash and cash equivalents and  
fixed deposits situated in Chinese Mainland amounted 
to $1,810,874,000 (2024: $1,154,336,000). Remittance 
of funds out of Chinese Mainland is subject to relevant 
rules and regulations of foreign exchange control.
(b) RESTRICTED BANK DEPOSITS:
2025 2024
$’000 $’000
Restricted bank deposits 94,456 188,427
Non-current restricted bank deposits – (41,101)
   
94,456 147,326
   
As at 31 December 2025, the amount of $94,456,000 (2024: 
$147,326,000) are deposits at bank which are restricted 
under conditions.
18 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES, 
DEPOSITS, PREPAYMENTS 
AND OTHER CONTRACT COSTS 
(CONTINUED)
(a) AGEING ANALYSIS
As at the end of the reporting period, the ageing analysis 
of trade debtors and bills receivable (which are included 
in trade and other receivables, deposits, prepayments and 
other contract costs), based on the invoice date and net of 
expected credit loss allowance and allowance for sales return, 
is as follows:
2025 2024
$’000 $’000
Within 60 days of the invoice  
issue date 2,359,906 2,140,687
61 to 90 days after the invoice  
issue date 218,166 435,973
91 to 120 days after the invoice  
issue date 124,467 183,870
More than 120 days but less than 12 
months after the invoice issue date 270,484 135,036
   
2,973,023 2,895,566
   
Trade debtors and bills receivable are generally due within 
60 to 120 days from the date of billing. Further details on the 
Group’s credit policy are set out in note 27(a).
(b) CONTRACT COSTS
Contract costs capitalised relate to the incremental costs of 
obtaining contracts relating to the sale of goods. Contract 
costs are recognised in the statement of profit or loss in the 
period in which revenue from the related sales is recognised. 
The amount of capitalised costs recognised in profit or loss 
during the year was $6,118,000 (2024: $7,058,000). There was 
no impairment in relation to the capitalised contract costs 
during the year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.
The Group applies the practical expedient in HKFRS 15 and 
recognises the incremental costs of obtaining contracts 
relating to the sale of goods as an expense when incurred 
if the amortisation period of the assets that the Group 
otherwise would have recognised is within the same reporting 
period as the date of entering into the contract.
The amount of capitalised contract costs that is expected to 
be recognised after more than one year is $58,892,000 (2024: 
$42,184,000).

===== PAGE 181 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 179
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(d) RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES 
ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities 
from financing activities, including both cash and non-
cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are 
liabilities for which cash flows were, or future cash flows will 
be, classified in the Group’s consolidated cash flow statement 
as cash flows from financing activities.
Bank 
loans
Lease 
liabilities Total
$’000 $’000 $’000
(note 21) (note 22)
At 1 January 2024 619,936 22,066 642,002    
Changes from financing  
cash flows:
Capital element of lease  
rentals paid – (14,922) (14,922)
Interest element of lease  
rentals paid – (1,383) (1,383)
Proceeds from new bank loans 275,316 – 275,316
Repayment of bank loans (516,354) – (516,354)
Interest paid (13,979) – (13,979)    
Total changes from  
financing cash flows (255,017) (16,305) (271,322)    
Exchange Adjustment: (3,112) (651) (3,763)    
Other changes:
Increase in lease liabilities from 
entering into new leases 
during the period – 28,413 28,413
Finance costs (note 6(a)) 13,979 1,383 15,362
    
Total other changes 13,979 29,796 43,775    
At 31 December 2024 and  
1 January 2025 375,786 34,906 410,692
    
Changes from financing  
cash flows:
Capital element of lease  
rentals paid – (15,548) (15,548)
Interest element of lease  
rentals paid – (1,430) (1,430)
Proceeds from new bank loans 138,192 – 138,192
Repayment of bank loans (214,038) – (214,038)
Interest paid (8,954) – (8,954)    
Total changes from  
financing cash flows (84,800) (16,978) (101,778)    
Exchange Adjustment: 8,542 262 8,804    
Other changes:
Increase in lease liabilities from 
entering into new leases 
during the period – 10,974 10,974
Lease termination  
during the year – (1,968) (1,968)
Finance costs (note 6(a)) 8,954 1,430 10,384
    
Total other changes 8,954 10,436 19,390    
At 31 December 2025 308,482 28,626 337,108    
19 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, 
FIXED DEPOSITS WITH BANKS 
AND RESTRICTED BANK DEPOSITS 
(CONTINUED)
(c) RECONCILIATION OF PROFIT BEFORE 
TAXATION TO CASH GENERATED FROM 
OPERATIONS:
2025 2024
Notes $’000 $’000
Profit before taxation 395,366 422,091
Adjustments for:
 Depreciation 12 267,683 244,301
 Amortisation 13 5,508 4,064
 Finance costs 6(a) 10,384 15,362
 Interest income 5 (106,598) (115,440)
 Net gain on disposal
  of property, plant and
  equipment 5 (1,646) (535)
 Loss on disposal of
  intangible asset 60 –
 Gain on early termination  
  of leases (64) –
 Equity settled share-based
  payment expenses 6(b) 15,037 13,374
 Amortisation of
  government grants (39,657) (21,224)
 Changes in fair value of
  other financial assets (66,067) (8,344)
 Gain on disposal of
  investments in
  an associate 5 – (26,765)
Foreign exchange loss 31,638 144,033
    
511,644 670,917
Changes in working capital:
(Increase)/decrease in 
inventories (56,865) 135,717
Increase in trade and 
receivables, deposits, 
prepayment and other 
contract costs (99,939) (719,215)
Increase in trade and  
other payables 516,559 1,431,112
    
Cash generated from 
operations 871,399 1,518,531
    

===== PAGE 182 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited180
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(a) AGEING ANALYSIS:
As at the end of the reporting period, the ageing analysis of 
trade and bills payable (which are included in trade and other 
payables), based on the invoice date, is as follows:
2025 2024
$’000 $’000
Within 60 days of supplier  
invoice date 5,080,489 4,386,214
61 to 120 days after supplier 
invoice date 680,312 477,513
More than 120 days but within  
12 months after supplier invoice 
date 154,303 297,842
More than 12 months after 
supplier invoice date 51,296 205,657
   
5,966,400 5,367,226
   
(b) MOVEMENTS IN CONTRACT LIABILITIES
2025 2024
$’000 $’000
Balance at 1 January 79,062 49,517
Decrease in contract liabilities as 
a result of recognising revenue 
during the year that was included 
in the contract liabilities at the 
beginning of the period (79,062) (49,517)
Increase in contract liabilities as a 
result of receiving advances from 
customers during the year 82,357 79,062
   
Balance at 31 December 82,357 79,062   
When the Group receives a deposit before the production 
activity commences this will give rise to contract liabilities at 
the start of a contract, until the revenue recognised on the 
project exceeds the amount of the deposit. The amount of 
deposit is negotiated on a case by case basis with customers. 
All contract liabilities are expected to be recognised as income 
within one year.
19 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, 
FIXED DEPOSITS WITH BANKS 
AND RESTRICTED BANK DEPOSITS 
(CONTINUED)
(e) TOTAL CASH OUTFLOW FOR LEASES
Amounts included in the cash flow statements for leases 
comprise the following:
2025 2024
$’000 $’000
Within operating cash flows 10,174 11,127
Within financing cash flows 16,978 16,305
   
27,152 27,432
   
20 TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
2025 2024
$’000 $’000
Trade and bills payable 5,966,400 5,367,226
Accrued charges, provisions and 
other payables 638,053 558,795
Tooling fees received in advance 215,279 223,059
Contract liabilities 82,357 79,062
   
6,902,089 6,228,142
   
All creditors and accrued charges are expected to be settled 
or recognised as income within one year or are repayable 
on demand. During the year ended 31 December 2025, 
$58,902,000 of tooling fees received in advance has been 
recognised as revenue in the profit or loss (2024: $64,345,000) 
and advanced payments of $51,122,000 has been received 
from customers (2024: $71,689,000). As of 31 December 
2025, the amount of tooling fees received in advance which 
are expected to be recognised as income after more than one 
year is $68,177,000 (2024: $97,763,000).

===== PAGE 183 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 181
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
22 LEASE LIABILITIES
At 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group had lease 
liabilities as follows:
2025 2024
$’000 $’000
Within 1 year 13,901 14,793
   
After 1 year but within 2 years 11,145 9,968
After 2 years but within 5 years 3,580 10,145
   
14,725 20,113
   
28,626 34,906
   
20 TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES 
(CONTINUED)
(c) PROVISIONS
Provision for product warranties
2025
$’000
Balance at 1 January 107,470
Additional provisions made 81,807
Provisions utilised (45,692)
Exchange differences 3,167
  
Balance at 31 December 146,752
  
Under the terms of the Group’s sales agreements, the Group 
offers warranties for its goods (see note 2(u)(i)). Provision 
is therefore made for the best estimate of the expected 
settlement under these agreements in respect of sales made 
within the warranty periods prior to the end of the reporting 
period. The amount of provision takes into account the 
Group’s recent claim experience and is only made where a 
warranty claim is probable.
21 BANK LOANS
The analysis of the repayment schedule of bank loans is as 
follows:
2025 2024
$’000 $’000
Within 1 year or on demand 63,966 205,322
After 1 year but within 2 years 131,219 30,238
After 2 years but within 5 years 113,297 140,226
   
308,482 375,786
   
At 31 December 2025, except for the loan amounting to 
$Nil (2024: $30,236,000) which bear fixed interest rates, all 
other bank loans bear interest at floating interest rates which 
approximate to market rates of interest.
As at 31 December 2025, the loan amount of $193,013,000 
(2024: $196,382,000) is secured by certain land use right, 
buildings, machinery and equipment of a subsidiary of the 
Group with the carrying amount of $760,510,000 to match its 
long-term development. And the remaining bank loans are 
unsecured as at 31 December 2025 and 2024.

===== PAGE 184 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited182
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
23 INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
(a) CURRENT TAXATION IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
REPRESENTS:
2025 2024
$’000 $’000
Tax (recoverable)/payable in respect of Hong Kong Profits Tax (5,834) 13,361
Tax (recoverable)/payable in respect of Chinese Mainland income taxes (1,252) 4,530
Tax recoverable in respect of jurisdictions outside Hong Kong and the Chinese Mainland (576) (4,542)
   
(7,662) 13,349
   
Representing:
Current tax recoverable (10,200) (9,923)
Current tax payable 2,538 23,272
   
(7,662) 13,349
   
(b) DEFERRED TAX ASSETS AND LIABILITIES RECOGNISED:
The components of deferred tax (assets)/liabilities recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position and the 
movements during the year are as follows:
Depreciation 
allowances 
in excess of
 the related
 depreciation Provisions
Deferred
income
Future
 benefits 
of tax
 losses Others Total
$’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000
Deferred tax arising from:
At 1 January 2024 71,739 (24,557) (35,215) (20,610) 3,268 (5,375)
(Credited)/charged to profit or loss (note 7(a)) (22,255) (16,260) 4,634 (17,589) (251) (51,721)
Exchange difference (1,745) 427 806 338 – (174)
       
At 31 December 2024 47,739 (40,390) (29,775) (37,861) 3,017 (57,270)
       
At 1 January 2025 47,739 (40,390) (29,775) (37,861) 3,017 (57,270)
Charged/(credited) to profit or loss (note 7(a)) 8,541 (27,292) (7,208) 26,262 – 303
Exchange difference 1,314 (1,137) (870) (814) – (1,507)
       
At 31 December 2025 57,594 (68,819) (37,853) (12,413) 3,017 (58,474)
       
The reconciliation to the consolidated statement of financial position is as follows:
2025 2024
$’000 $’000
Net deferred tax assets recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position (60,586) (59,718)
Net deferred tax liabilities recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position 2,112 2,448
   
(58,474) (57,270)
   

===== PAGE 185 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 183
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
24 DEFERRED INCOME
2025 2024
$’000 $’000
Current portion 36,022 28,072
Non-current portion 219,456 171,821
   
255,478 199,893
   
During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group received 
government grants of $90,179,000 (2024: $12,428,000) from 
the PRC authorities as incentives for acquiring machineries. 
The amount received is to be amortised and released to 
profit or loss over the useful lives of the relevant assets. 
During the year ended 31 December 2025, $39,657,000 (2024: 
$24,882,000) of the grants are credited to profit or loss.
23 INCOME TAX IN THE 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF 
FINANCIAL POSITION (CONTINUED)
(c) DEFERRED TAX ASSETS NOT 
RECOGNISED
In accordance with the accounting policy set out in note 2(s), 
the Group has not recognised deferred tax assets in respect 
of cumulative tax losses of $415,013,000 (2024: $148,441,000) 
as it is not probable that future taxable profits against which 
the losses can be utilised will be available in the relevant 
tax jurisdictions and entities for the foreseeable future. The 
Group has not recognised deferred tax assets in respect of 
tax losses, whose expiry dates are:
2025 2024
$’000 $’000
In December 2027 – 447
In December 2028 1,116 2,190
In December 2029 1,035 1,035
After 2030 335,758 75,254
Do not expire under  
current tax legislation 77,104 69,515
   
415,013 148,441
   

===== PAGE 186 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited184
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
As at 31 December 2025, total numbers of treasury shares 
held by the Trust are 7,856,700 (2024: 3,986,500).
During the year ended 31 December 2025, the trustee of the 
Company’s share award plan purchased 6,183,000 (2024: 
1,800,000) shares of the Company on the Stock Exchange at 
a total consideration of approximately $30,876,000 (including 
purchase price of $30,821,000 and transaction costs of 
$55,000). During the year ended 31 December 2025, the 
trustee transferred 2,312,800 (2024: 1,854,900) ordinary 
shares of the Company to the share awardees upon vesting 
of the awards.
On 22 March 2024, the Company awarded a total of 2,047,000 
ordinary shares to the eligible persons including its directors 
and employees. Among the 2,047,000 awarded shares, the 
first 40% of the awarded shares were vested to the eligible 
persons on 2 May 2024, the second 30% of the awarded 
shares were vested on 2 May 2025, and the remaining 30% 
shall be vested on 4 May 2026. Further details are set out in 
the Company’s announcement dated 24 March 2024.
On 14 April 2025, the Company awarded a total of 3,339,000 
ordinary shares to the eligible persons including its directors 
and employees. Among the 3,339,000 awarded shares, the 
first 40% of the awarded shares were vested to the eligible 
persons on 8 May 2025, the second 30% of the awarded 
shares were vested on 29 April 2026, and the remaining 30% 
shall be vested on 29 April 2027. Further details are set out in 
the Company’s announcement dated 14 April 2025.
25 EQUITY SETTLED SHARE-BASED 
TRANSACTIONS
SHARE AWARD PLAN
The Company has adopted the Share Award Plan on 28 
August 2020 (the “Adoption Date”) for the purpose of retaining 
participants for the continual operation and development 
of the Group and to attract suitable personnel for further 
development of the Group.
Pursuant to the rules of the Share Award Plan, the Directors 
may grant an award to eligible participants (excluding any 
excluded participant) who is an employee, director, adviser 
(professional or otherwise), consultant to or expert in any 
area of business or business development of any member of 
the Group or any Invested Entity for participation in the Share 
Award Plan and determine the terms of the award.
The Share Award Plan is subject to the administration of the 
Board and the trustee in accordance with the terms of the 
Share Award Plan and the terms of the trust deed which 
entered between the Company and the trustee on 28 August 
2020. The Share Award Plan will be valid and effective for a 
period of 10 years commencing from the Adoption Date but 
may be terminated earlier as determined by the Board.
The Trustee may purchase the Shares on the Stock Exchange 
at the prevailing market price (subject to such maximum 
price as may be from time to time prescribed by the Board), 
or off the market. In the event that the trustee effects any 
purchases by off-market transactions, the purchase price 
for such purchases shall not be higher than the lower of the 
following: (i) the closing market price on the date of such 
purchase, and (ii) the average closing market price for the 
five preceding trading days on which the Shares were traded 
on the Stock Exchange. The maximum number of Shares to 
be subscribed for and/or purchased by the trustee for the 
purpose of the share award plan shall not exceed 10% of the 
total number of issued shares as at the Adoption Date. The 
Board shall not instruct the Trustee to subscribe for and/or 
purchase any Shares for the purpose of the share award plan 
when such subscription and/or purchase will result in such 
threshold being exceeded.

===== PAGE 187 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 185
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
26 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS
(a) MOVEMENTS IN COMPONENTS OF EQUITY OF THE COMPANY
The reconciliation between the opening and closing balances of each component of the Group’s consolidated equity is set out 
in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Details of the changes in the Company’s individual components of equity 
between the beginning and the end of the year are set out below:
Share 
capital
Share 
premium
Awarded 
shares held
 under share 
award plan
Contributed 
surplus
Capital 
reserve
(Accumulated
 losses)/
retained
 profits Total
(note26(c)(i)) (note 26(d)(i)) (note 26(d)(v)) (note 26(d)(ii)) (note 26(d)(iv))
Notes $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000
Balance at 1 January 2024 197,894 2,101,856 (13,763) 481,579 11,781 (2,466) 2,776,881
Changes in equity for 2024:
Final dividends approved in respect  
of the previous year 26(b)(ii) – – – (149,660) – – (149,660)
Share purchase by the trustee  
under the Share Award Plan – – (9,172) – – – (9,172)
Vesting of shares under the Share Award Plan – – 7,283 – (17,358) 10,075 –
Equity settled share-based transaction 6(b) – – – – 13,374 – 13,374
Loss and total comprehensive income  
for the year – – – – – (4,675) (4,675)
         
Balance at 31 December 2024 and  
1 January 2025 197,894 2,101,856 (15,652) 331,919 7,797 2,934 2,626,748
         
Changes in equity for 2025:
Final dividends approved in respect  
of the previous year 26(b)(ii) – – – (134,095) – – (134,095)
Share purchase by the trustee  
under the Share Award Plan – – (30,876) – – – (30,876)
Vesting of shares under the Share Award Plan – – 10,582 – (16,037) 5,455 –
Equity settled share-based transaction 6(b) – – – – 15,037 – 15,037
Loss and total comprehensive income  
for the year – – – – – (2,624) (2,624)
         
Balance at 31 December 2025 197,894 2,101,856 (35,946) 197,824 6,797 5,765 2,474,190
         
(b) DIVIDENDS
(i) Dividends  payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the year
2025 2024
$’000 $’000
Final dividend proposed after the end of reporting period of  
15.3 HK cents (2024: 17.0 HK cents) per share 120,879 134,568
   
The final dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period have not been recognised as liabilities at the end of the 
reporting period.

===== PAGE 188 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited186
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
26 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (CONTINUED)
(b) DIVIDENDS (CONTINUED)
(ii) Dividends  payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the previous financial year, 
approved and paid during the year
2025 2024
$’000 $’000
Final dividend in respect of the previous financial year, approved and  
paid during the year, of 17.0 HK cent (2024: 19.0 HK cent) per share 134,095 149,660
   
(c) SHARE CAPITAL
(i) Authorise d and issued share capital
2025 2024
  
No. of shares Amount No. of shares Amount
’000 $’000 ’000 $’000
Authorised:
Ordinary shares of $0.25 each 5,000,000 1,250,000 5,000,000 1,250,000
     
Ordinary shares, issued and fully paid:
At 1 January and at 31 December 791,575 197,894 791,575 197,894
     
The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per 
share at meetings of the Company. All ordinary shares rank equally with regard to the Company’s residual assets.

===== PAGE 189 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 187
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(vi) Other reserves
Other reserves comprise statutory reserves required in 
respect of a subsidiary in accordance with the relevant rules 
and regulations in the PRC and the consideration in exceed of 
carrying amount of non-controlling interests acquired.
(vii) Distributa bility of reserves
At 31 December 2025 the aggregate amount of reserves 
available for distribution to shareholders of the Company was 
$203,589,000 (2024: $334,853,000).
(e) CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
The Group’s primary objectives when managing capital are to 
safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, 
so that it can continue to provide returns for shareholders 
and benefits for other stakeholders, by pricing products and 
services commensurately with the level of risk and by securing 
access to finance at a reasonable cost.
The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its 
capital structure to maintain a balance between the higher 
shareholder returns that might be possible with higher levels 
of borrowings and the advantages and security afforded by a 
sound capital position, and makes adjustments to the capital 
structure in light of changes in economic conditions.
The Group monitors its capital structure on the basis of a net 
debt-to-adjusted capital ratio. For this purpose the Group 
defines net debt as total debt (which includes lease liabilities 
and trade and other payables), less fixed deposits with banks 
and cash and cash equivalents. Adjusted capital comprises all 
components of equity less unaccrued proposed dividends.
26 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND 
DIVIDENDS (CONTINUED)
(d) NATURE AND PURPOSE OF RESERVES
(i) Share premium
The application of the share premium account is governed by 
sections 150 and 157 of the Company’s Articles of Association 
and the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda.
(ii) Contribut ed surplus
Contributed surplus comprises the capital reduction 
transferred from the share premium account and the excess 
value of the shares of the subsidiaries acquired pursuant to 
the Group reorganisation scheme in 1991 over the nominal 
value of the new shares of the Company issued in exchange 
is credited to the contributed surplus account. Under the 
Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda (as amended) and the Bye-
laws of the Company, the contributed surplus is distributable 
to shareholders.
(iii) Exchange reserve
The exchange reserve comprises all foreign exchange 
differences arising from the translation of the financial 
statements of operations outside Hong Kong. The reserve is 
dealt with in accordance with the accounting policies set out 
in note 2(w).
(iv) Capital reserve
The capital reserve comprises of the Company’s equity settled 
share-based payments recognised in accordance with the 
accounting policy adopted for share-based payments in notes 
2(r)(iii) and 2(r)(iv).
(v) Awarded shares held un der the Share Award 
Plan
Treasury shares held under the Share Award Plan represents 
the shares purchased by the Group that are not yet granted 
to directors and employees of the Company under the Share 
Award Plan (see note 25). The consideration paid for the 
purchase of the Company’s shares is reflected as a decrease 
in the equity of the Company.

===== PAGE 190 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited188
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
26 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (CONTINUED)
(e) CAPITAL MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)
The Group’s adjusted net debt-to-capital ratio at 31 December 2025 and 2024 was as follows:
2025 2024
Notes $’000 $’000
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables 20 6,902,089 6,228,142
Lease liabilities 22 13,901 14,793
Bank loans 21 63,966 205,322
    
6,979,956 6,448,257
    
Non-current liabilities
Lease liabilities 22 14,725 20,113
Bank loans 21 244,516 170,464
    
259,241 190,577
    
Total debt 7,239,197 6,638,834
Fixed deposits with banks with more than three months to  
maturity when placed 19(a) (1,159,258) (843,817)
Cash and cash equivalents 19(a) (3,191,434) (2,700,141)
    
Net debt 2,888,505 3,094,876
    
Total equity 4,872,012 4,600,495
    
Adjusted capital 4,872,012 4,600,495
    
Adjusted net debt-to-capital ratio 0.59 0.67
    
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries are subject to any externally imposed capital requirements.

===== PAGE 191 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 189
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
27 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT 
AND FAIR VALUES
Exposure to credit, liquidity, currency and interest rate risks 
arises in the normal course of the Group’s business.
The Group’s exposure to these risks and the financial risk 
management policies and practices used by the Group to 
manage these risks are described below.
(a) CREDIT RISK
Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default 
on its contractual obligations resulting in a financial loss to 
the Group. The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable 
to trade receivables. The Group’s exposure to credit risk 
arising from cash and cash equivalents and bills receivable is 
limited because the counterparties are banks and financial 
institutions for which the Group consider the credit risk is low.
The Group does not provide any guarantees which would 
expose the Group to credit risk.
Trade receivables
The Group’s exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by 
the individual characteristics of each customer rather than 
the industry or country in which the customers operate and 
therefore significant concentrations of credit risk primarily 
arise when the Group has significant exposure to individual 
customers. At the end of the reporting period, 3% (2024: 
5%) and 13% (2024: 24%) of the total trade receivables were 
due from the Group’s largest customer and the five largest 
customers respectively.
Individual credit evaluations are performed on all customers 
requiring credit over a certain amount. These evaluations 
focus on the customer’s past history of making payments 
when due and current ability to pay, and take into account 
information specific to the customer as well as pertaining to 
the economic environment in which the customer operates. 
Trade receivables are due within 60 to 120 days from the date 
of billing. Normally, the Group does not obtain collateral from 
customers.
The Group measures loss allowances for trade receivables 
at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs, which is calculated 
using a provision matrix. As the Group’s historical credit 
loss experience indicates different loss patterns based on 
individual characteristics of customers, the loss allowance 
based on past due status is further distinguished between the 
Group’s individual credit evaluations of customers.
The following table provides information about the Group’s 
exposure to credit risk and ECLs for trade receivables:
2025
 
Expected 
loss rate
Gross 
carrying
 amount
Loss 
allowance
% $’000 $’000
Current (not past due) 0.5 2,321,928 11,005
Less than 1 month  
past due 0.4 484,839 1,753
1 to 12 months past due 12.2 203,853 24,839
More than 12 months 
past due 100.0 44,863 44,863
    
3,055,483 82,460
    
2024
 
Expected
 loss rate
Gross 
carrying 
amount
Loss 
allowance
% $’000 $’000
Current (not past due) 0.3 2,396,308 7,464
Less than 1 month  
past due 0.6 316,775 1,782
1 to 12 months past due 5.3 202,561 10,832
More than 12 months 
past due 100.0 34,877 34,877
    
2,950,521 54,955
    
Expected loss rates are based on actual loss experience 
over the past 12 months. These rates are adjusted to reflect 
differences between economic conditions during the period 
over which the historic data has been collected, current 
conditions and the Group’s view of economic conditions over 
the expected lives of the receivables.

===== PAGE 192 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited190
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
27 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES (CONTINUED)
(a) CREDIT RISK (CONTINUED)
Trade receivables (Continued)
Movement in the loss allowance account in respect of trade receivables during the year is as follows:
2025 2024
$’000 $’000
Balance at 1 January  54,955 44,100
Increase in ECL allowance during the year 27,505 10,855
   
Balance at 31 December 82,460 54,955
   
(b) LIQUIDITY RISK
Individual operating entities within the Group are responsible for their own cash management, including the short-term 
investment of cash surpluses and the raising of loans to cover expected cash demands, subject to approval by the parent 
company’s board when the borrowings exceed certain predetermined levels of authority. The Group’s policy is to regularly 
monitor its liquidity requirements and its compliance with lending covenants, to ensure that it maintains sufficient reserves 
of cash and cash equivalents and adequate committed lines of funding from major financial institutions to meet its liquidity 
requirements in the short and longer term.
The following tables show the remaining contractual maturities at the end of reporting period of the Group’s financial liabilities, 
which are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows (including interest payments computed using contractual rates or, 
if floating, based on rates currently applicable at the end of reporting period) and the earliest date that the Group can be 
required to pay:
2025 2024
Contractual undiscounted cash outflow Contractual undiscounted cash outflow  
Within
1 year or on
demand
More than
1 year
but less
than 2 years
More than
2 years
but less
than 5 years
More than 
5 years Total
Carrying
amount at
31 December
Within
1 year or on
demand
More than
1 year
but less
than 2 years
More than
2 years
but less
than 5 years
More than
5 years Total
Carrying
amount at
31 December
$’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000
Trade and bills payable, 
accrued charges and 
other payables 6,604,453 – – – 6,604,453 6,604,453 5,926,021 – – – 5,926,021 5,926,021
Bank loans 65,113 134,522 117,274 – 316,909 308,482 210,559 31,009 143,803 – 385,371 375,786
Lease liabilities 14,871 11,534 3,685 – 30,090 28,626 16,072 10,701 10,293 220 37,286 34,906
             
6,684,437 146,056 120,959 – 6,951,452 6,941,561 6,152,652 41,710 154,096 220 6,348,678 6,336,713
             

===== PAGE 193 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 191
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
27 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES (CONTINUED)
(c) CURRENCY RISK
The Group is exposed to currency risk primarily through sales and purchases which give rise to receivables, payables and cash 
balances that are denominated in a foreign currency, i.e. a currency other than the functional currency of the operations to 
which the transactions relate. The Group is also exposed to currency risk through other financial assets acquired which are 
denominated in a foreign currency. The currencies giving rise to these risks are primarily United States dollars, Euros, Japanese 
Yen and Renminbi.
There is currently no hedging policy adopted by the Group with respect to its foreign exchange exposure. Most of the sales 
and purchases are made in the respective functional currency of each group entity, except for group entities whose functional 
currency is Hong Kong dollars, certain transactions are denominated in United States dollars, Euros and Japanese Yen. Given 
the Hong Kong dollar is pegged to the United States dollar, the Group does not expect that there will be any significant 
currency risk associated with such United States dollars denominated transactions. In respect of balances denominated in 
other currencies, the Group ensures that the net exposure is kept to an acceptable level by buying or selling foreign currencies 
at spot rates where necessary to address short-term imbalances.
(i) Exposure to currency ri sk
The following table details the Group’s exposure at the end of the reporting period to currency risk arising from recognised 
assets or liabilities denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the entity to which they relate. For 
presentation purposes, the amounts of the exposure are shown in Hong Kong dollars, translated using the spot rate at the 
year end date. Differences resulting from the translation of the financial statements of operations outside Hong Kong into the 
Group’s presentation currency are excluded.
2025 2024
Exposure to foreign currencies
(expressed in Hong Kong dollars)
Exposure to foreign currencies
(expressed in Hong Kong dollars)  
United
States
Dollars Euros
Japanese
Yen Renminbi
United
States
Dollars Euros
Japanese
Yen Renminbi
$’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000
Trade and other receivables 543,968 22,322 – – 454,024 – – –
Cash and cash equivalents 1,948,924 528 – 321,917 1,293,012 13 – 417,676
Fixed deposit with more than three 
months to maturity when placed 329,872 – – – 558,720 – – –
Trade and other payables (430,932) (2,498) (13,159) (144,830) (630,833) (428) (14,307) (126)
         
2,391,832 20,352 (13,159) 177,087 1,674,923 (415) (14,307) 417,550
         
In addition, the Group is exposed to currency risk arising from inter-company receivables and payables denominated in 
currency other than the functional currency of either the lender or the borrower. The net inter-company receivables amounted 
to United States dollars 29,981,000 and payables amounted to Renminbi 1,679,720,000 (2024: receivables amounted to United 
States dollars 30,029,000 and Renminbi 9,681,000 respectively).

===== PAGE 194 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited192
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
27 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES (CONTINUED)
(c) CURRENCY RISK  (CONTINUED)
(ii) Sensitivit y analysis
The following table indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s profit after taxation (and retained profits) and other 
components of consolidated equity that would arise if foreign exchange rates to which the Group has significant exposure at 
the end of the reporting period had changed at that date, assuming all other risk variables remained constant. In this respect, 
it is assumed that the pegged rate between the Hong Kong dollar and the United States dollar would be materially unaffected 
by any changes in movement in value of the United States dollar against other currencies for group entities whose functional 
currency is Hong Kong dollars.
2025 2024
  
Increase/
(decrease)
in foreign
exchange
rates
Increase/
(decrease) in
profit after
taxation and
retained profits
Increase/
(decrease)
in foreign
exchange
rates
Increase/
(decrease) in
profit after
taxation and
retained profits
$’000 $’000
United States dollars 10% 199,718 10% 139,856
(10%) (199,718) (10%) (139,856)
Euros 10% 1,699 10% (35)
(10%) (1,699) (10%) 35
Japanese Yen 10% (1,099) 10% (1,195)
(10%) 1,099 (10%) 1,195
Renminbi 10% 14,787 10% 34,865
(10%) (14,787) (10%) (34,865)
     
Results of the analysis as presented in the above table represent an aggregation of the instantaneous effects on each of the 
Group entities’ profit after taxation and equity measured in the respective functional currencies, translated into Hong Kong 
dollars at the exchange rate ruling at the end of the reporting period for presentation purposes.
The sensitivity analysis assumes that the change in foreign exchange rates had been applied to remeasure those financial 
instruments held by the Group which expose the Group to currency risk at the end of the reporting period. The analysis 
excludes differences that would result from the translation of the financial statements of operations outside Hong Kong into 
the Group’s presentation currency. The analysis has been performed on the same basis for 2024.

===== PAGE 195 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 193
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
27 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES (CONTINUED)
(d) INTEREST RATE RISK
Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in 
market interest rates. The Group’s interest rate risk arises primarily from bank borrowings. Borrowings issued at variable rates 
expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk. The Group’s interest rate risk profile as monitored by management is set out 
below.
(i) Interest rate risk profile
The following table, as reported to the management of the Group, details the interest rate risk profile of the Group’s borrowings 
at the end of the reporting period:
2025 2024
Notes $’000 $’000
Fixed rate borrowings:
Lease liabilities 22 28,626 34,906
Bank loans 21 – 30,236
    
28,626 65,142
    
Variable rate borrowings:
Bank loans 21 308,482 345,550
    
(ii) Sensitivit y analysis
At 31 December 2025, it is estimated that a general increase/decrease of 50 basis points in interest rates, with all other 
variables held constant, would have decreased/increased the Group’s profit after tax and retained profits by approximately 
$13,111,000 (2024: $14,686,000).
The sensitivity analysis above indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s profit after tax (and retained profits) that would 
arise assuming that the change in interest rates had occurred at the end of the reporting period.

===== PAGE 196 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited194
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
27 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES (CONTINUED)
(e) FAIR VALUES
(i) Financial assets measured at fair value
Fair value hierarchy
The following table presents the fair value of the Group’s financial instruments measured at the end of the reporting period on 
a recurring basis, categorised into the three-level fair value hierarchy as defined in HKFRS 13, Fair value measurement. The level 
into which a fair value measurement is classified is determined with reference to the observability and significance of the inputs 
used in the valuation technique as follows:
• Level 1 valuations: Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs i.e. unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for 
identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date.
• L evel 2 valuations: Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs i.e. observable inputs which fail to meet Level 1, and not using 
significant unobservable inputs. Unobservable inputs are inputs for which market data are not available.
• Level 3 valuations: Fair value measured using significant unobs ervable inputs.
Fair value at
31 December
Fair value measurements as at
31 December 2025 categorised into
Fair value at
31 December
Fair value measurements as at
31 December 2024 categorised into  
2025 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 2024 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
$’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000 $’000
Recurring fair value measurements
Structured products 16,642 – 16,642 – 389,759 – 389,759 –
Listed equity securities 73,304 73,304 – – 38,486 38,486 – –
Unlisted equity securities 1,900 – – 1,900 1,700 – – 1,700
         
91,846 73,304 16,642 1,900 429,945 38,486 389,759 1,700
         
During the years ended 31 December 2025, there were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2, or transfers into or out of 
Level 3. The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers between levels of fair value hierarchy as at the end of the reporting period 
in which they occur.
During the year ended 31 December 2024, an unlisted equity investment amounted to $38,486,000 has been transferred out 
of Level 3 to listed equity investments upon its listing as a public company.
Valuation techniques and inputs used in Level 3 fair value measurements
As at 31 December 2025, the fair value of unlisted equity instruments is determined using the enterprise value/sales ratios of 
comparable listed companies adjusted for lack of marketability discount. The fair value measurement is negatively correlated 
to the discount for lack of marketability. As at 31 December 2025, it is estimated that with all other variables held constant, a 
decrease/increase in discount for lack of marketability by 3% would have increased/decreased the Group’s profit after taxation 
and retained profits by $48,000 (2024: $43,000).

===== PAGE 197 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 195
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(b) RECURRING TRANSACTIONS
The following transactions were carried out with related 
parties, including BOE Technology Group Co., Ltd. (“BOE”), 
the parent of the Company, and its subsidiaries other than 
the Group (collectively “BOE Group”), except for disclosed 
elsewhere in the annual financial report.
2025 2024
$’000 $’000
BOE Group:
Purchase of goods from BOE  
Group (note (1)) 5,138,765 5,386,318
Purchase of PPE and intangible  
assets from BOE Group (note (4)) 26,066 58,413
Lease of PPE from BOE Group  
(note (4)) 93 5,575
Rental, management fee,  
utilities service fees and computer 
integrated manufacturing system 
fee charged by BOE Group (note (2))
 — Tenancy Agreements – 92
Trademark licence fee paid to  
BOE Group (note (3)) 24,655 14,352
Subcontracting fee charged to  
BOE Group (note (5)) 4,923 994
Product development service fee paid 
to BOE Group (note (6)) 6,131 –
Product processing service fee paid to 
BOE Group (note (7)) 7,127 –
   
27 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT 
AND FAIR VALUES (CONTINUED)
(e) FAIR VALUES (CONTINUED)
(ii) Fair value of financial a ssets and liabilities 
carried at other than fair value
The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial instruments 
carried at amortised cost were not materially different from 
their fair values as at 31 December 2024 and 2025.
28 COMMITMENTS
Capital commitments outstanding at the end of the reporting 
period not provided for in the financial statements were as 
follows:
2025 2024
$’000 $’000
Contracted for 262,137 203,666
   
The capital commitments contracted for outstanding at the 
end of the reporting period are mainly for the new production 
base for automotive display, manufacturing facilities in 
Heyuan and Chengdu, PRC.
29 MATERIAL RELATED PARTY 
TRANSACTIONS
(a) KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL 
REMUNERATION
Remuneration for key management personnel, including 
amounts paid to the Directors is disclosed in note 8 and 
certain of the highest paid employees is disclosed in note 9.

===== PAGE 198 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited196
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(6) The transactions were conducted based on the terms as governed by 
the product development services agreement (“Product Development 
Service Agreement”) entered into between the Company and BOE 
on 23 September 2025. Further details are set out in the Company’s 
announcement dated 23 September 2025. The transactions as 
contemplated under the Product Development Service Agreement 
constitute continuing connected transaction as defined in Chapter 
14A of the Listing Rules.
(7) Th e transactions were conducted based on the terms as governed 
by the master product processing agreement (“Master Product 
Processing Agreement”) entered into between the Company and BOE 
on 11 December 2025. Further details are set out in the Company’s 
announcement dated 11 December 2025. The transactions as 
contemplated under the Master Product Processing Agreement 
constitute continuing connected transaction as defined in Chapter 
14A of the Listing Rules.
The above transactions are presented net of value-added tax.
(c) BALANCES WITH RELATED PARTIES
At 31 December 2025, included in trade and other payables 
were amounts due to BOE Group for the purchase 
cost and other expenses payable of $1,012,497,000 
(2024: $953,777,000). Non-current deposits of $26,263,000 
(2024: $48,757,000) were paid to BOE Group for the purchase 
of TFT panels toolings for manufacturing TFT modules. 
Prepayment of $5,693,000 (2024: $862,000) made to BOE 
Group were included in trade and other receivables, deposits, 
prepayments and other contract costs in the consolidated 
statement of financial position.
Other than non-current deposits, balances with related 
parties are unsecured, interest-free and are recoverable 
within one year.
29 MATERIAL RELATED PARTY 
TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
(b) RECURRING TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
Notes:
(1) The transactions were conducted based on the terms as governed by 
the master purchase agreement entered into between the Company 
and BOE on 6 September 2021. The renewed master purchase 
agreement (“Renewed Master Purchase Agreement”) was entered 
on 10 October 2024 and extended the terms to 31 December 2027. 
Further details are set out in the Company’s announcement dated 10 
October 2024. The transactions as contemplated under the Renewed 
Master Purchase Agreement constitute continuing connected 
transaction as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
(2) Th e transactions were conducted based on the terms as governed 
by the tenancy agreement (“Tenancy Agreement”) for a term 
commencing from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2024. The 
transactions as contemplated under the Tenancy Agreement 
constitute continuing connected transactions under Chapter 14A of 
the Listing Rules.
(3) The transactions were conducted based on the terms as governed by 
the trademark licence agreement on 21 December 2022 to extend 
the terms to 31 December 2024. The renewed trademark licence 
agreement (“Renewed Trademark Licence Agreement”) was entered 
on 30 December 2024 and extended the terms to 31 December 
2026. Further details are set out in the Company’s announcement 
dated 30 December 2024. The transactions as contemplated under 
the Renewed Trademark Licence Agreement constitute continuing 
connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
(4) Th e transactions were conducted based on the terms as governed 
by the master framework agreement entered into between the 
Company and BOE on 22 July 2022 and renewed on 29 May 2024. 
The renewed master framework agreement (“Renewed Master 
Framework Agreement”) was entered on 23 December 2025 and 
extended the terms to 31 December 2027. Further details are set 
out in the Company’s announcement dated 23 December 2025. The 
transactions as contemplated under the Renewed Master Framework 
Agreement constitute continuing connected transaction as defined in 
Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
(5) Th e transactions were conducted based on the terms as governed 
by the master subcontracting agreement entered into between 
the Company and BOE on 29 April 2022. The renewed master 
subcontracting agreement (“Renewed Master Subcontracting 
Agreement”) was entered on 30 May 2025 and extended the 
terms to 31 December 2027. Further details are set out in the 
Company’s announcement dated 30 May 2025. The transactions as 
contemplated under the Renewed Master Subcontracting Agreement 
constitute continuing connected transaction as defined in Chapter 
14A of the Listing Rules.

===== PAGE 199 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 197
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 IMMEDIATE PARENT AND 
ULTIMATE CONTROLLING PARTY
At 31 December 2025, the directors consider the immediate 
parent and the ultimate controlling party of the Group to 
be BOE Technology (HK) Limited, which is incorporated in 
Hong Kong, and BOE Technology Group Co., Ltd., which is 
incorporated in the PRC, respectively. BOE Technology Group 
Co., Ltd. produces financial statements available for public 
use.
30 COMPANY-LEVEL STATEMENT OF 
FINANCIAL POSITION
2025 2024
Notes $’000 $’000
Non-current asset
Investments in subsidiaries 14 2,471,464 2,626,183
    
Current assets
Other receivables 255 426
Cash and cash equivalents 6,728 4,767
    
6,983 5,193
    
Current liabilities
Other payables 4,257 4,628
    
4,257 4,628
    
Net current assets 2,726 565
    
NET ASSETS 2,474,190 2,626,748
    
CAPITAL AND RESERVES
Share capital 26(c) 197,894 197,894
Reserves 26(a) 2,276,296 2,428,854
    
TOTAL EQUITY 2,474,190 2,626,748
    
Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors 
on 23 March 2026.
Su Ning Ko Wing Yan, Samantha
Director Director

===== PAGE 200 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited198
(Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
HKFRS 18, Presentation and disclosure in financial 
statements
HKFRS 18 will replace HKAS 1 Presentation of financial 
statements and aims to improve the transparency and 
comparability of information about an entity’s financial 
statements. HKFRS 18 is effective for annual reporting periods 
beginning on or after 1 January 2027 and is to be applied 
retrospectively.
Among other changes, under HKFRS 18, entities are required 
to classify all income and expenses into five categories in the 
statement of profit or loss, namely the operating, investing, 
financing, discontinued operations and income tax categories. 
Entities are also required to provide specific disclosures about 
management-defined performance measures in a single note 
in the financial statements.
The Group does not plan to early adopt HKFRS 18 and is still 
in the process of assessing the impact of the adoption.
32 POSSIBLE IMPACT OF 
AMENDMENTS, NEW STANDARDS 
AND INTERPRETATIONS ISSUED 
BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE FOR THE 
YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
Up to the date of issue of these financial statements, the 
HKICPA has issued a number of new or amended standards 
which are not yet effective for the year ended 31 December 
2025 and which have not been adopted in these financial 
statements. These developments include the following which 
may be relevant to the Group.
Effective for 
accounting 
periods 
beginning 
on or after
Amendments to HKFRS 9, Financial instruments 
and HKFRS 7, Financial instruments: disclosures 
— Contracts referencing nature-dependent 
electricity
1 January 2026
Amendments to HKFRS 9, Financial instruments 
and HKFRS 7, Financial instruments: disclosures 
— Amendments to the classification and 
measurement of financial instruments
1 January 2026
Annual improvements to HKFRS Accounting 
Standards — Volume 11
1 January 2026
HKFRS 18, Presentation and disclosure in 
financial statements
1 January 2027
HKFRS 19, Subsidiaries without public 
accountability: disclosures
1 January 2027
The Group is in the process of making an assessment of what 
the impact of these developments is expected to be in the 
period of initial application. So far it has concluded that the 
adoption of them is unlikely to have a significant impact on 
the consolidated financial statements except for the following:

===== PAGE 201 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited 199
FIVE YEAR SUMMARY
 
2021 2022 2023 2024 2025
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000
Results:
Revenue 7,737,943 10,722,361 10,760,416 13,448,506 13,957,301
      
Profit from operations 350,084 670,464 569,723 437,453 405,750
Finance costs (915) (12,361) (25,220) (15,362) (10.384)
Share of losses of associate (490) (456) (4,471) – –
      
Profit before taxation 348,679 657,647 540,032 422,091 395,366
Income tax (38,960) (98,077) (58,951) (20,506) (53,729)
      
Profit for the year 309,719 559,570 481,081 401,585 341,637
      
Profit attributable to:
Equity shareholders of the Company 327,798 582,451 475,260 391,282 345,368
Non-controlling interests (18,079) (22,881) 5,821 10,303 (3,731)
      
Profit for the year 309,719 559,570 481,081 401,585 341,637
      
Assets and liabilities:
Property, plant and equipment 583,434 1,490,300 1,759,580 2,060,385 2,306,033
Interest in associates – 7,922 – – –
Intangible assets 38,457 22,173 25,061 29,428 52,826
Goodwill 11,487 – – – –
Other financial assets 40,614 42,588 41,897 40,186 1,900
Non-current deposits, prepayment and  
 other contract costs 15,332 98,265 101,264 38,822 145,673
Restricted bank deposits – – – 41,101 60,586
Deferred tax assets 654 11,286 8,843 59,718 –
Net current assets 2,685,133 2,507,439 3,074,434 2,695,701 2,785,803
      
Total assets less current liabilities 3,375,111 4,179,975 5,011,079 4,965,341 5,352,821
Lease liabilities (11,042) (4,402) (13,907) (20,113) (14,725)
Deferred tax liabilities (13,165) (9,977) (3,468) (2,448) (2,112)
Deferred income (5,279) (18,911) (200,496) (171,821) (219,456)
Non-current bank loans – (30,912) (383,497) (170,464) (244,516)
      
Net assets 3,345,625 4,115,773 4,409,711 4,600,495 4,872,012
      
Capital and reserves
Share capital 184,039 197,853 197,894 197,894 197,894
Reserves 2,848,385 3,866,845 4,155,701 4,337,392 4,611,176
      
Total equity attributable to equity  
 shareholders of the Company 3,032,424 4,064,698 4,353,595 4,535,286 4,809,070
Non-controlling interests 313,201 51,075 56,116 65,209 62,942
      
Total equity 3,345,625 4,115,773 4,409,711 4,600,495 4,872,012
      
Earnings per share (in HK cents)
Basic 45.1 78.4 60.4 49.6 43.9
Diluted 44.8 77.8 60.2 49.5 43.7
      

===== PAGE 202 =====
Annual Report 2025   BOE Varitronix Limited200
PROPERTIES HELD BY THE GROUP
 
Location Existing use Percentage holding
1. Flat G, 22nd Floor, Tower 1,
Yue Man Centre,
Nos. 300 and 302 Ngau Tau Kok Road,
Kwun Tong,
Kowloon
Staff quarters 100%
2. 128 Heyuan Road, Yuancheng District
Heyuan City, Guangdong,
The People’s Republic of China
Industrial 100%
3. Unit 3 Milbanke Court,
Milbanke Way, Bracknell,
Berkshire,
United Kingdom
Office 100%
4. No.1188 Hexin Rd, (West Zone),
Hi-Tech Zone,
Chengdu, Sichuan
Industrial 100%
    
Note: The above properties are either freehold, held on long or medium-term leases or have no specified lease term.

===== PAGE 203 =====
