CHINA HONGGUANG HOLDINGS LIMITED
中國宏光控股有限公司
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
STOCK CODE: 8646




2023
A NN UAL REP ORT
CHARACTERISTICS OF GEM OF THE STOCK EXCHANGE OF HONG KONG LIMITED (THE “STOCK EXCHANGE”)

GEM has been positioned as a market designed to accommodate small and mid-sized companies to which
a higher investment risk may be attached than other companies listed on the Stock Exchange. Prospective
investors should be aware of the potential risks of investing in such companies and should make the decision
to invest only after due and careful consideration.

Given that the companies listed on GEM are generally small and mid-sized companies, there is a risk that
securities traded on GEM may be more susceptible to high market volatility than securities traded on the Main
Board of the Stock Exchange and no assurance is given that there will be a liquid market in the securities
traded on GEM.

Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and the Stock Exchange take no responsibility for the contents of this report,
make no representation as to its accuracy or completeness and expressly disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss
howsoever arising from or in reliance upon the whole or any part of the contents of this report.

This report, for which the directors (collectively the “Directors” and individually a “Director”) of China Hongguang
Holdings Limited (the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries, collectively the “Group”) collectively and individually
accept full responsibility, includes particulars given in compliance with the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities
on GEM of the Stock Exchange (the “GEM Listing Rules”) for the purpose of giving information with regard to the
Company. The Directors, having made all reasonable enquiries, confirm that to the best of their knowledge and belief
the information contained in this report is accurate and complete in all material respects and not misleading or deceptive,
and there are no other matters the omission of which would make any statement herein or this report misleading.

This report will be available on the Company’s website www.hongguang.hk and will remain on the “Latest Listed
Company Information” page on the website of the Stock Exchange at www.hkexnews.hk for at least 7 days from the
date of its posting.
CONTENTS
                                                                          Page(s)

Corporate Information                                                          2

Chairman’s Statement                                                           4

Management Discussion and Analysis                                             5

Directors and Senior Management                                               11

Corporate Governance Report                                                   15

Directors’ Report                                                             30

Independent Auditor’s Report                                                  43

Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income       49

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                                  50

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                                   52

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                                          53

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                55

Financial Summary                                                            120
CORPORATE INFORMATION


EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                        AUDITOR
Mr. WEI Jiakun (Chief Executive Officer)   CCTH CPA Limited
Ms. LIN Weishan (Chairwoman)               Certified Public Accountants
Mr. CHEN Biming                            Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
Ms. LI Wanna                               Unit 1510–1517, 15/F., Tower 2
                                           Kowloon Commerce Centre
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE                  No. 51 Kwai Cheong Road
DIRECTORS                                  Kwai Chung, New Territories, Hong Kong
Ms. CHEN Xiuyan
Mr. JIA Xiaogang                           REGISTERED OFFICE
Mr. WU Yong                                Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
                                           PO Box 2681
AUDIT COMMITTEE                            Grand Cayman, KY1-1111
Ms. CHEN Xiuyan (Chairwoman)               Cayman Islands
Mr. JIA Xiaogang
Mr. WU Yong                                HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL
                                           PLACE OF BUSINESS IN THE PRC
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                     Eastside of Middle of Rongchi Road
Mr. WU Yong (Chairman)                     Xianqiao, Rongcheng, Jieyang
Ms. CHEN Xiuyan                            Guangdong, the PRC
Mr. JIA Xiaogang
                                           PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
NOMINATION COMMITTEE                       HONG KONG
Mr. JIA Xiaogang (Chairman)                Room 1202, 1204–06, 12th Floor
Ms. CHEN Xiuyan                            The Chinese Bank Building
Mr. WU Yong                                61 Des Voeux Road Central
                                           Central, Hong Kong
JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
Ms. KWONG Oi Man Patty HKICPA, CPAA        COMPLIANCE ADVISER
Mr. WENG Weilin                            Dongxing Securities (Hong Kong) Company Limited
                                           Room 6805–6806A
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES                 68/F., International Commerce Centre
Mr. WEI Jiakun                             1 Austin Road West, Kowloon
Mr. WENG Weilin                            Hong Kong

COMPLIANCE OFFICER                         PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
Mr. WEI Jiakun                             TRANSFER OFFICE
                                           Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited
                                           Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
                                           PO Box 2681
                                           Grand Cayman, KY1-1111
                                           Cayman Islands




       China Hongguang Holdings Limited
2      Annual Report 2023
                                                         CORPORATE INFORMATION




HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
17M Floor
Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East
Wan Chai, Hong Kong

PRINCIPAL BANKERS
Agricultural Bank of China Limited
Jieyang Branch
Middle Section of Meiyang Road
Dongshan, Rongcheng
Jieyang, Guangdong
the PRC

Bank of China Limited
Jieyang Branch
Linjiang North Road North
Xiaocui Road East, Dongshan
Rongcheng
Jieyang, Guangdong
the PRC

DBS Bank (Hong Kong) Limited
11th Floor, The Center
99 Queen’s Road Central
Central, Hong Kong

STOCK CODE
8646

COMPANY WEBSITE ADDRESS
www.hongguang.hk




                                                    China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                  Annual Report 2023   3
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


Dear shareholders,

On behalf of the board of directors (the “Board”), I am hereby to present the annual results report of China Hongguang
Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries (collectively, “China Hongguang” or the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December
2023.

The Group primarily engages in the production and sales of architectural glass products in Southern China. The goal
of our future development is to enhance our market position in the Chinese architectural industry and to enlarge our
domestic market share to capture future development opportunities.

The listing of shares of China Hongguang on GEM of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”)
on 13 January 2020 marks an important milestone in the development of the Group. Funds raised from the public
offer and placing of the shares of the Company will promote the future development of China Hongguang. The Group
has commenced strategic deployment to grasp the huge development potential of the architectural glass industry and
relevant extended industries.

Since the spring of 2020, Mainland China and the rest of the world have been hit by the novel coronavirus disease
(COVID-19) epidemic, while the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”) government has implemented a strong COVID-19
prevention and control policies. Until the first quarter of 2023, mainland China had completely lifted its restrictions and
was basically no longer affected by the prevention and control policies of the COVID-19 epidemic.

In the past year of 2023, the overall economy of the mainland China recovered slowly, while the real estate market
performed poorly. For our Group, it was a year full of challenges and uncertainties. However, to a certain extent, our
Group managed to withstand the challenges from the macro environment. During 2023, the operating revenue of the
Group recorded a year-on-year increase of 4.07% from 2022.

We hope that in the coming year of 2024, the economy of mainland China can rejuvenate and return to a vigorous
development trend.

The Group is continuously seeking acquisition or investment opportunities to enhance the value of China Hongguang, in
order to enhance the Group’s risk tolerance and its value, and continue to create new growth drivers for the Group.

On 29 December 2023, Hongguang Glass, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, acquired 5% equity
interest in Xuanyu Haocheng. The Board considers that the investment through the Capital Injection represents the
Group’s development in the consumer glass products market and will be beneficial to the Group, which will bring
synergies to the Group’s operations and which is a good opportunity for the Group to diversify its business and income
streams.

Lastly, on behalf of the Board and the management of the Group, I would like to thank all employees for their devoted
efforts during the year, and shareholders for their steadfast support to the Group. In addition, I would like to extend my
sincere gratitude to shareholders, investors, customers, suppliers and business partners for their dedicated support.




LIN Weishan
Chairwoman and Executive Director

28 March 2024




       China Hongguang Holdings Limited
4      Annual Report 2023
                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


INTRODUCTION

The Group primarily engages in the manufacture and sale of architectural glass products, including energy-efficient
safety glass products and smart glass product in Southern China, under our own brand “Hongguang”. Our energy-
efficient safety glass products include coated glass, insulating glass, laminated glass and tempered glass; and our smart
glass product is mainly dimming glass. With a diversified product portfolio, we are able to cater to a variety of customer
requirements and specifications, which helps us to increase our profitability and adjust to market situations and industry
trends. Meanwhile, our strong research and development capabilities, in particular, our proprietary technologies and
technological know-how will allow us to continue to offer high-quality products and be updated with the market
developments.

BUSINESS REVIEW

The Board hereby presents the Group’s audited consolidated financial results for the year ended 31 December 2023,
together with the comparative audited figures for the corresponding year ended 31 December 2022.

FINANCIAL REVIEW

Revenue

Our revenue is generated from the sales of the following product categories: (1) energy-efficient safety glass products;
and (2) smart glass product.

The table below sets forth the breakdown of the Group’s revenue by product category:

                                                               2023                                 2022
                                                         RMB’000                   %          RMB’000                  %

Sales of energy-efficient safety glass products           216,085               99.5           205,782               98.6
Sales of smart glass products                               1,057                0.5             2,874                1.4


                                                          217,142              100.0           208,656              100.0


For the year ended 31 December 2023, revenue arising from energy-efficient safety glass products amounted to
RMB216,085 thousand (2022: RMB205,782 thousand), representing 99.5% (2022: 98.6%) of our total revenue.

For the year ended 31 December 2023, revenue arising from smart glass product amounted to RMB1,057 thousand (2022:
RMB2,874 thousand).

The Group’s total revenue increased 4.07% from RMB208,656 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2022 to
RMB217,142 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2023. The increase was mainly due to the growth in sales of
energy-efficient safety glass products in 2023.




                                                                               China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                             Annual Report 2023        5
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Gross profit and gross profit margin

Our gross profit decreased from RMB65,171 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2022 to RMB63,763 thousand
for the year ended 31 December 2023. The decrease was mainly due to the increase in total cost of sales for the year.
Our gross profit margin was mainly maintained at a steady level but with a drop (2023: 29.4%; 2022: 31.2%). The table
below sets forth the breakdown of our gross profit and gross profit margin by product category for the periods indicated:

                                                               2023                                2022
                                                         RMB’000                  %          RMB’000                  %

Sales of energy-efficient safety glass products            63,453               29.4           64,275               31.3
Sales of smart glass products                                 310               29.4              896               31.1


Total gross profit/gross profit margin                     63,763               29.4           65,171               31.2


Other net income

The Group’s other net income decreased from RMB3,244 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2022 to RMB2,067
thousand for the year ended 31 December 2023, which was mainly due to the decrease in government grants from
RMB2,901 thousand in 2022 to RMB1,717 thousand in 2023.

Cost of sales

The Group’s cost of sales increased from RMB143,485 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2022 to RMB153,379
thousand for the year ended 31 December 2023.

Sales and marketing expense

The Group’s sales and marketing expense increased from RMB304 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2022 to
RMB500 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2023, which was mainly due to the increase of certain service fees
for marketing.

General and administrative expense

The Group’s general and administrative expense largely decreased from RMB24,323 thousand for the year ended 31
December 2022 to RMB21,381 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2023 which was mainly due to decrease of
listing fee and impairment losses on trade and other receivables.

Finance costs

The Group’s finance costs increased from RMB4,399 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2022 to RMB4,402
thousand for the year ended 31 December 2023, which was mainly due to the increase of interest on bank loans.




       China Hongguang Holdings Limited
6      Annual Report 2023
                                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Staff costs

The Group’s staff costs maintained at a similar level as last year, with an increase from RMB5,322 thousand for the year
ended 31 December 2022 to RMB6,071 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2023.

Income tax expense

The Group’s income tax expense decreased from RMB4,829 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2022 to
RMB3,819 thousand for the year ended 31 December 2023 which was mainly due to Jieyang Hongguang Coated Glass
Co., Ltd.* (揭陽市宏光鍍膜玻璃有限公司), our indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, recording a weaker gross profit than
last year, and having a lower income tax than last year.

Profit for the year

Due to the above factors, the profit after tax for the year of the Group was RMB35,728 thousand for the year ended 31
December 2023, representing an increase of approximately 3.4% from the profit after tax for the year of RMB34,560
thousand for the corresponding period in 2022 mainly due to the decrease in expenses.

Human resources and remuneration policies

As at 31 December 2023, the Group employed a total of 67 full-time employees. For the year ended 31 December 2023,
the Group’s staff costs, including contributions to the defined contribution retirement scheme, salaries, wages and other
benefits, amounted to approximately RMB6,071 thousand.

Liquidity and financial resources

The credit risk of the Group mainly arises from trade receivables. To minimize our credit risk, the management of the
Group reviews the recoverable amount of each individual trade debt at the end of each reporting period to ensure that
adequate impairment losses are made for unrecoverable amounts. In this regard, the Directors consider that the Group’s
credit risk is significantly reduced.

As at 31 December 2023, the current ratio of the Group was 3.23, compared with 2.87 as at 31 December 2022. The
cash and cash equivalents of the Group in aggregate amounted to RMB1,167 thousand as at 31 December 2023 (2022:
RMB13,268 thousand).

For the year ended 31 December 2023, the bank loans of the Group amounted to RMB62,400 thousand (2022:
RMB61,500 thousand), other borrowings amounted to RMB16,892 thousand (2022: RMB19,743 thousand) and the
Group did not experience any withdrawal of facilities, default in payment of trade and other payables, bank and loans or
breach of financial covenants.

Material investments

For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group did not acquire or hold any significant investment (2022: nil).




*   For identification purpose only




                                                                              China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                            Annual Report 2023        7
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Material acquisitions/disposals

On 13 April 2021, the Company entered into the equity sale and purchase Agreement (the “Equity Sale and Purchase
Agreement”) with Ming Liang Global Limited (“Ming Liang Global”), the immediate holding company of the Group,
pursuant to which the Company has agreed conditionally to acquire, and Ming Liang Global has agreed conditionally
to sell, the 100% of the issued share capital of a newly incorporated company which holds the entire equity interest in
Guangdong Longjian Engineering Co., Ltd.

On 12 May 2022, the Company entered into a termination agreement with Ming Liang Global (the “Termination
Agreement”), pursuant to which the Company and Ming Liang Global mutually agreed to terminate the Equity Sale and
Purchase Agreement. For details, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated 13 April 2021 and 12 May 2022.

Except as disclosed above, the Group did not have any material acquisitions/disposals of subsidiaries and associated
companies for the year ended 31 December 2023 and 2022.

Capital injection

On 29 December 2023, Hongguang Glass, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into the Capital
Injection and Share Expansion Agreement with the Xuanyu Haocheng Existing Shareholders. Pursuant to the Agreement,
Hongguang Glass will acquire 5% equity interest in Xuanyu Haocheng by making a contribution in kind. For details,
please refer to the Company’s announcements dated 29 December 2023.

Foreign exchange risk

The principal activities of the Group are conducted in the PRC, and the transactions of the Group is primarily
denominated in RMB. The Group does not have any foreign currency hedging policies. However, the management
monitors our foreign exchange risk and will consider hedging significant foreign currency exposure should the need arise.
As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, the Group does not have any outstanding instruments for hedging purposes.

Principal risks and uncertainties faced by the Company

Principal risks and uncertainties faced by the Company in achieving its business objectives, and the solutions adopted by
the Group are as follows:

Impact of local and international regulations

The business operation of the Group is subject to government policies and relevant regulations and guidelines imposed
by regulatory authorities. Failure to comply with the rules and requirements may lead to penalties, amendments or
suspension of the Group’s business operation by the authorities. The Group closely monitors changes in government
policies, regulations and the market, and conducts research to assess the impact brought by these changes.

Impact of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) epidemic

In spring of 2020, under the impact of the novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19) epidemic, industries in Mainland China
postponed the resumption of work after the Chinese New Year holiday, and operations were only resumed in early
March 2020. The impact of the COVID-19 epidemic has, to a certain extent, affected the development of Mainland
China’s real estate market in the year of 2020 and 2021, thus also triggering the slowdown of the development of the
architectural glass industry. In the meanwhile, the PRC government has implemented a strong COVID-19 prevention and
control policies. Until the first quarter of 2023, mainland China had completely lifted its restrictions and was basically no
longer affected by the prevention and control policies of the COVID-19 epidemic. Thus, the risk factor of COVID-19 has
been not significant.




       China Hongguang Holdings Limited
8      Annual Report 2023
                                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Pledge of assets

The property, plant and equipment of the Group are located in the PRC.

For the year ended 31 December 2023, property, plant and equipment with net book values of RMB87 thousand (2022:
RMB87 thousand) were pledged as security to obtain bank loans of RMB37,200 thousand (2022: RMB37,200 thousand).

At the end of the reporting period, property, plant and equipment with net book value of RMB30,500 thousand (2022:
RMB33,700 thousand) were pledged under sale and leaseback arrangement.

Comparison of business objectives with actual business progress

Since the shares of the Company were listed on GEM of the Stock Exchange on 13 January 2020 and up to the date of
this annual report, we are starting to implement our business objectives as set out in the section headed “Statement
of Business Objectives and Use of Proceeds” of the prospectus of the Company dated 31 December 2019. For details,
please refer to page 30 in Directors’ Report herein.

Save as disclosed in this report, there are no significant events subsequent to 31 December 2023 which would materially
affect the Group’s operating and financial performance as of the date of the financial statements.

Future plans for material investments or capital assets

As at 31 December 2023, the Group did not have plans for material investments and capital assets.

Contingent liabilities

As at 31 December 2023, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities (2022: Nil).

Capital structure

The shares of the Company were successfully listed on GEM of the Stock Exchange on 13 January 2020. There has been
no change in the capital structure of the Group since the listing of the shares of the Company on GEM of the Stock
Exchange. The share capital of the Group only comprises of ordinary shares.

On 20 June 2023, the Company entered into share subscription agreement (the “Share Subscription Agreement”) with
the Subscribers, pursuant to which the Company will allot and issue, and the Subscribers will subscribe for, an aggregate
of 59,990,000 Subscription Shares at the Subscription Price (“Share Subscription”). The aggregate gross proceeds of the
Share Subscription will be approximately HK$11,638,060. The aggregate net proceeds of the Share Subscription, after
the deduction of related fees and expenses, will be approximately HK$11,558,060. The Company intends to apply the
net proceeds from the Share Subscription (a) as to 50% for repayment of borrowings; and (b) as to 50% for the Group’s
general working capital.

On 29 June 2023, the Company allotted and issued 59,990,000 ordinary shares at a price of HK$0.194 per share to
Subscribers.

For details of the Share Subscription, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 20 June 2023 and 29
June 2023.




                                                                              China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                            Annual Report 2023        9
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Details of the movements during the year ended 31 December 2023 in the Company’s share capital are set out in note
23 to the consolidated financial statements.

Disclosures under Rules 17.22 to 17.24 of the GEM Listing Rules

As at 31 December 2023, there is no circumstance which would give rise to a disclosure obligation on the part of the
Group under Rules 17.22 to 17.24 of the GEM Listing Rules.

Outlook and prospects

For details, please refer to page 30 in the Directors’ Report herein.

Capital commitment

As at 31 December 2023, the Group had certain outstanding capital commitments at a contracted amount of RMBNil
(2022: RMB2,000 thousand) for capital assets and an amount authorized but not contracted for of RMB2,980 thousand
(2022: RMB2,980 thousand).

Gearing ratio

As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s gearing ratio (total loans and borrowings/total equity) was 24.9%, compared with
30.2% as at 31 December 2022.

Dividend

The Directors do not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2023 (2022: nil).




       China Hongguang Holdings Limited
10 Annual Report 2023
                                   DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. WEI Jiakun (魏佳坤) (“Mr. Wei”), aged 44, was appointed as a Director of the Group on 25 May 2017. He was
re-designated as an Executive Director and appointed as the Chief Executive Officer of the Group on 27 May 2019.
Mr. Wei is the spouse of Ms. LIN Weishan, the Chairwoman and an Executive Director of the Group. He is primarily
responsible for overseeing the day-to-day operations and overall business strategy and planning of the Group.

After Mr. Wei’s graduation from Jiangxi Yuzhou Vocational College of Science and Technology* (江西渝州科技職業學院)
(now known as Jiangxi University of Engineering (江西工程學院)) in July 2004 where he completed his tertiary education
in business administration, he joined Jieyang Hongguang Coated Glass Co., Ltd. (“Hongguang Glass”), an indirect
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, in August 2004 as a deputy general manager, and was further promoted as
general manager in October 2006. Mr. Wei has approximately 19 years of experience in the glass processing industry.

Mr. Wei’s outstanding achievements as an entrepreneur have been recognised throughout the years. In December 2009,
Mr. Wei was awarded the “Guangdong Glass Industry Outstanding Entrepreneur”* (廣東玻璃行業優秀企業家) by the
Guangdong Glass Association (廣東省玻璃行業協會). In 2013, Mr. Wei was honoured as a “Guangdong Entrepreneur Of
Integrity”* (廣東省誠信企業家) and “Guangdong Outstanding Entrepreneur”* (廣東省優秀企業家) by the Guangdong
Economist Entrepreneurs Association* (廣東省經濟學家企業家聯誼會) and the Guangdong Entrepreneurs Council* (廣東
企業家理事會).

From August 2011 to July 2015, Mr. Wei also served as an executive council member for the Guangdong Glass Association
(廣東省玻璃行業協會). From November 2011 to October 2016, Mr. Wei served as a member of the standing committee
of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference (“CPPCC”) of the city of Jieyang* (政協廣東省揭陽市榕城
區委員會). In December 2016, Mr. Wei was appointed as an executive member of the Guangdong Vacuum Industry
Technology Innovation Alliance Council* (廣東省真空產業技術創新聯盟理事會), and a vice president of the executive
committee of the Jieyang Federation of Industry and Commerce (General Chamber of Commerce)* (揭陽市工商業聯合
會(總商會)). In January 2017, Mr. Wei was appointed as a representative of the sixth session of the People’s Congress of
the city of Jieyang* (揭陽市第六屆人民代表大會).

Mr. Wei was a supervisor of Dongguan City Hongcheng Glass Company Limited* (東莞市宏成玻璃有限公司) (“Hongcheng
Glass”), a company established in the PRC with limited liability, when it was dissolved on 11 May 2016 by deregistration.
According to Mr. Wei, Hongcheng Glass principally engaged in manufacture and sale of glasses prior to the dissolution.
Hongcheng Glass had no outstanding liabilities and had ceased to carry on business when it was dissolved. Mr. Wei
was also a director and shareholder of Jieyang City Haoming Glass Company Limited* (揭陽市昊明玻璃有限公司)
(“Haoming Glass”), a company established in the PRC with limited liability, when its dissolution was approved by the
relevant PRC authority on 9 August 2019. As confirmed by Mr. Wei, although the business scope of Haoming Glass was
the production and sales of glass products, it has never commenced any business operation since its establishment in
December 2003. Haoming Glass had no outstanding liabilities when it was dissolved. Mr. Wei confirmed that no claims
had been made against him and he was not aware of any threatened and potential claims made against him as a result
of the dissolution of the above companies.




                                                                              China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                            Annual Report 2023      11
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



Ms. LIN Weishan (林偉珊) (“Ms. Lin”), aged 44, was appointed as a Director of the Group on 25 May 2017. She was
re-designated as an Executive Director and appointed as the Chairwoman of the Group on 27 May 2019. Ms. Lin is the
spouse of Mr. WEI Jiakun, the Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Group. She is primarily responsible
for overseeing the human resources, administration and finance matters of the Group. Ms. Lin graduated from Jiangxi
Yuzhou Vocational College of Science and Technology* (江西渝州科技職業學院) (now known as Jiangxi University of
Engineering (江西工程學院)) in July 2005 where she completed her tertiary education in accounting.

Ms. Lin has approximately 18 years of experience in the glass processing industry. Ms. Lin joined Hongguang Glass as a
production coordinator in August 2005. In October 2007, she began working in the finance and accounting department
of the Group as a bookkeeper. In March 2010, Ms. Lin was promoted to the position of sales manager in the Group.
Since June 2011, Ms. Lin has been in charge of procurement of the Group. In January 2013, Ms. Lin was promoted to the
position of deputy general manager. Since then, she has been in charge of human resources, administration and finance
matters of the Group.

Mr. CHEN Biming (陳壁明) (“Mr. Chen”), aged 47, was appointed as an Executive Director of the Group on 27 May
2019. Mr. Chen is primarily responsible for human resources and administration of the Group. Mr. Chen obtained the
qualification of labor relations coordinator (勞動關係協調員) from the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security of
the PRC (中華人民共和國人力資源和社會保障部) in December 2018. Mr. Chen joined Hongguang Glass in May 2013 as
head of administration. Mr. Chen has approximately 16 years of experience in business management. Prior to joining the
Group, from September 2007 to May 2013, Mr. Chen worked as an assistant to the general manager and as a shopping
mall manager at Jieyang Century Sunshine Home Company Limited* (揭陽市世紀陽光家居有限公司).

Mr. Chen graduated from South China University of Technology* (華南理工大學) in an administration management
programme in January 2008 through online education.

Ms. LI Wanna (李婉娜) (“Ms. Li”), aged 33, was appointed as an Executive Director of the Group on 27 May 2019.
She is primarily responsible for the procurement of raw materials and auxiliary materials for production operations of the
Group. In December 2017, Ms. Li completed a self-learning secretarial studies course at Wuhan Textile University* (武漢
紡織大學).

Ms. Li has over 14 years of experience in the glass processing industry. Ms. Li joined Hongguang Glass in February 2009
as a production coordinator until December 2013, and was mainly responsible for analysing the data of the Group. In
January 2014, Ms. Li was promoted to the position of procurement officer, and was in charge of procurement of raw
materials and auxiliary materials of the Group.




       China Hongguang Holdings Limited
12 Annual Report 2023
                                                                  DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Ms. CHEN Xiuyan (陳秀燕) (“Ms. Chen”), aged 48, was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the
Company on 13 January 2020. Ms. Chen is responsible for providing independent advice to the board of directors, and is
the chairwoman of the Audit Committee and a member of the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee
of the Company. Ms. Chen studied finance at the Sichuan University (四川大學) (online course) from March 2003 to June
2005.

Ms. Chen has approximately 21 years of experience in the field of accounting. She has been employed at Guangdong Life
Strong Pharmaceutical Company Limited* (廣東萬年青製藥有限公司) since October 2002. From October 2002 to August
2006, she worked as a deputy financial manager, and from August 2006 to December 2011, as a financial manager.
Since January 2012, Ms. Chen has been its chief finance officer, where she is responsible for overseeing the finance
matters. Since July 2019, Ms. Chen has also been the director.

She was registered as a tax agent (註冊稅務師) of the PRC in June 2007, and became a non-practising member of the
Guangdong Provincial Institute of Certified Public Accountants (廣東省註冊會計師協會) in October 2016. Ms. Chen was
also certified as a board secretary by the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in December 2016. Ms. Chen served as a member
of the fourth Shantou Jinping Committee of CPPCC (政協汕頭市金平區第四屆委員會) in November 2016 and has been
serving as a supervisor of the Shantou Institute of Chartered Accountants (汕頭市註冊會計師協會) since March 2017.

Mr. JIA Xiaogang (賈小剛) (“Mr. Jia”), aged 67, was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the
Company on 13 January 2020. Mr. Jia is responsible for providing independent advice to the board of directors, and is
the chairman of the Nomination Committee and a member of the Audit Committee and the Remuneration Committee of
the Company. Mr. Jia completed his tertiary education in Chinese language and literature at Hunan Radio and Television
University* (湖南廣播電視大學) in July 1988.

Mr. Jia has extensive experience in the glass processing industry. He was employed at Zhuzhou Glass Factory* (株洲玻璃廠)
(now known as Zhuzhou Xinguangming Glass Company Limited* (株洲新光明玻璃有限公司)) from September 1988 to
December 1996. He joined the company in September 1988 and assumed various senior positions in the sales department
of the company. From January 1997 to November 2008, he was employed by and assumed various senior positions in
two other companies in the PRC engaging in glass manufacturing. He established a company called Zhuzhou Xinrun
Trading Company Limited* (株洲新潤貿易有限公司) in June 2010 and has been the director and legal representative of
the company since then. He was appointed as a deputy director of China Glass Circulation Chamber of Commerce* (中
國玻璃流通商會) in January 2016 and is currently serving as a consultant for the Guangdong Glass Circulation Chamber
of Commerce* (廣東省玻璃流通商會).




                                                                            China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                          Annual Report 2023     13
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



Mr. WU Yong (吳勇) (“Mr. Wu”), aged 53, was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company
on 13 January 2020. Mr. Wu is responsible for providing independent advice to the board of directors, and is the
chairman of the Remuneration Committee and a member of the Audit Committee and the Nomination Committee of
the Company. Mr. Wu obtained a master’s degree and a doctor’s degree in technical economics and management from
Hehai University (河海大學) in April 2006 and December 2008, respectively.

Mr. Wu has extensive experience and knowledge in business management and finance. Since July 2008, he has been
teaching at the School of Business of Nanjing Xiaozhuang University (南京曉莊學院商學院) and became a professor of
the university in July 2018. Mr. Wu is also a chairman of its labor union. Since December 2014, he has been an independent
director of Jiangsu Seven Continents Green Chemistry Company Limited* (江蘇七洲綠色化工股份有限公司), where he is
responsible for providing independent advice to the board of directors of the company. Mr. Wu obtained his bachelor’s
degree in geography education from Anhui Normal University (安徽師範大學) in July 1993. From September 1993 to July
2003, he had been a teacher and deputy director of academic affairs of Anhui Province Ma’anshan No. 4 High School* (安
徽省馬鞍山市第四中學).

SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. ZHENG Xubin (鄭旭斌) (“Mr. Zheng”), aged 46, is the deputy general manager of Hongguang Glass, and is
primarily responsible for the sales and marketing activities of the Group. He has over 18 years of experience in the glass
processing industry. He joined Hongguang Glass in March 2005 as an operation manager, and became production
manager in January 2011. Mr. Zheng was promoted to the position of deputy general manager in December 2013, and
was primarily responsible for overseeing the sales of the Group. Mr. Zheng studied computer application and graduated
from Guangzhou Township Enterprise Management Cadre College* (廣州市鄉鎮企業管理幹部學院) in July 1999.

JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES

Mr. WENG Weilin (翁偉林) (“Mr. Weng”) was appointed as the joint company secretary of the Company on 27 May
2019. Mr. Weng obtained his bachelor’s degree in international business from Guangdong University of Foreign Studies*
(廣東外語外貿大學) in June 2009, and his master’s degree in business administration from Cheung Kong Graduate
School of Business (長江商學院) in September 2016. Mr. Weng joined the Group in February 2017 as an assistant to the
general manager and was primarily responsible for corporate compliance and corporate secretarial matters in the PRC.
Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Weng was employed as a sales executive in Shantou Institute of Ultrasonic Instruments
Company Limited* (汕頭市超聲儀器研究所有限公司) from July 2009 to September 2012. From December 2014 to
January 2017, Mr. Weng was appointed as deputy director of the chief executive’s office at Shantou Dinfer Group
Company Limited* (汕頭市鼎福集團有限公司).

Ms. KWONG Oi Man Patty (鄺藹文女士) (“Ms. Kwong”) was appointed as the joint company secretary of the
Company on 14 May 2021. Ms. Kwong holds a Bachelor’s Degree of Commerce from Monash University in Australia and
she is currently a member of Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and CPA Australia. Ms. Kwong currently
serves as the company secretary of China Tangshang Holdings Limited (stock code: 0674) and Yik Wo International
Holdings Limited (stock code: 8659), the above companies listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Ms. Kwong has over
12 years of experience in auditing, accounting and company secretarial practice.

*    denotes the English translation of the name of a Chinese company or entity, or vice versa, and is provided for identification purposes only.




       China Hongguang Holdings Limited
14 Annual Report 2023
                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Company is committed to promoting high standards of corporate governance through its continuous effort in
improving its corporate governance practices and process. The Board believes that sound and reasonable corporate
governance practices are essential for sustainable growth of the Group and for safeguarding the interests and the assets
of the Group.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

As the shares of the Company were listed on GEM of Stock Exchange on 13 January 2020 (the “Listing Date”). The
Company has adopted the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) contained in Appendix C1 to the Rules
Governing the Listing of Securities on GEM of the Stock Exchange (the “GEM Listing Rules”) as its own code of corporate
governance. The Directors consider that during the year ended 31 December 2023, save as the matter disclosed below,
the Company has complied with all applicable code provisions set out in the CG Code.

DIRECTORS’ SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

The Company has adopted the code of conduct for securities transactions by Directors on terms no less exacting than
the required standard of dealings as set out in Rules 5.48 to 5.67 of the GEM Listing Rules (the “Model Code”). The
Company had made specific enquiries with written guidelines in relation to the Model Code to all Directors and all
Directors have confirmed that they complied with the required standards set out in the Model Code during the year
ended 31 December 2023.

BUSINESS MODEL AND STRATEGY

The Group has the mission to provide the best quality of architectural glass products, and maintain product safety.
The Board and the management have played and will continue to play a proactive role in the Group’s development of
business strategy to preserve the culture of the Group in improving the product quality and safety. During the meetings
of the Board and top management of the Group, strategic priorities and business options were discussed and followed
up on the implementation status to achieve the mission of the Group.

THE BOARD

During the year, the Board comprised the following Directors:

Executive Directors:

Mr. WEI Jiakun (Chief Executive Officer)
Ms. LIN Weishan (Chairwoman)
Mr. CHEN Biming
Ms. LI Wanna

Independent Non-Executive Directors:

Ms. CHEN Xiuyan
Mr. JIA Xiaogang
Mr. WU Yong




                                                                             China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                           Annual Report 2023      15
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



The Company has met the requirements of the GEM Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three
Independent Non-Executive Directors with at least one of whom is with appropriate professional qualifications or
accounting or related financial management expertise.

There is a balance of skills and experience for the Board, which is appropriate for the requirements of the business of the
Company. The Directors’ biographical information is set out in the section headed “Directors and Senior Management”
of this annual report.

The overall management of the Company’s business is vested in the Board, which assumes the responsibility for
leadership and control of the Company and the Directors are collectively responsible for promoting the success of the
Company by directing and supervising the Company’s affairs and overseeing the achievement of strategic plans to
enhance the shareholders’ value.

Generally, the Board is responsible for all major aspects of the affairs of the Company, including:

•     formulation of overall strategies and review of its financial performances and results and the risk management and
      internal control systems;

•     policies relating to key business and financial objectives of the Company;

•     material transactions, including acquisition, investment, disposal of assets or capital expenditure;

•     appointment, removal or re-appointment of Board members and auditors;

•     communication with key stakeholders, including shareholders and regulatory bodies; and

•     recommendation to shareholders on final dividend and the declaration of any interim dividend.

The Board is responsible for maintaining proper accounting records so as to enable the Directors to monitor and disclose
with reasonable accuracy the financial position of the Group. The Board updates shareholders on the operations and
financial position of the Group through quarterly, interim and annual results announcements as well as the publication of
timely reports and announcements of other matters as prescribed by the relevant laws, rules and regulations.

In addition, the Board is responsible for, among others, performing the corporate governance duties as set out in the
code provision Part 2 – A.2.1 of the CG Code, which include:

(a)   to develop and review the Group’s policies and practices on corporate governance and make recommendations;

(b)   to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of the Directors and senior
      management;

(c)   to review and monitor the Group’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;

(d)   to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to the Directors and
      employees; and

(e)   to review the Group’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the corporate governance report.




       China Hongguang Holdings Limited
16 Annual Report 2023
                                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



The Board has also delegated various responsibilities to the board committees of the Company. Further details of the
board committees of the Company are set out below in this annual report.

All Directors, including Independent Non-Executive Directors assume the responsibilities to shareholders for the well-
being and success of the Company. They are aware of their duties to act in good faith and in the best interests of the
Company.

The Independent Non-Executive Directors advised the Company on strategic and critical matters. The Board considers
that each Independent Non-Executive Director brings his own senior level of experience and expertise to the constructive
functioning of the Board. To this end, regular informal meetings are held between Executive Directors and Independent
Non-Executive Directors.

Each of the Executive Directors has entered into a service contract on 11 December 2019 with the Company commencing
from the Listing Date for a term of three years unless terminated by either party by giving at least three months’ notice in
writing to the other party.

Each of the Independent Non-Executive Directors has entered into a service contract on 11 December 2019 with the
Company for an initial term of one year commencing on the Listing Date and shall continue for an additional term of one
year upon expiry of the initial term unless terminated by either party by giving at least three months’ notice in writing to
the other party.

The appointments are subject to the provisions of the articles of association of the Company (the “Articles of Association”)
with regard to vacation of office of Directors, removal and retirement by rotation of Directors.

The Executive Directors of the Company are delegated with responsibility to oversee and monitor the operation of
specific business areas and to implement the strategies and policies set by the Board.

Board independence

The Company recognises that Board independence is pivotal in good corporate governance and Board effectiveness.
The Board has established mechanisms to ensure independent views and input from any Director of the Company are
conveyed to the Board for enhancing an objective and effective decision making. The governance framework and the
following mechanisms are reviewed annually by the Board, through its Nomination and Remuneration Committee, to
ensure their effectiveness:

1.   Three out of the seven Directors are Independent Non-Executive Directors, which meets the requirements of the
     Listing Rules that the Board must have at least three Independent Non-Executive Directors and must appoint
     Independent Non-Executive Directors representing at least one-third of the Board.

2.   The Nomination and Remuneration Committee will assess the independence, qualification and time commitment of
     a candidate who is nominated to be a new Independent Non-Executive Director before appointment and also the
     continued independence of existing Independent Non-Executive Directors and their time commitments annually.
     On an annual basis, all Independent Non-Executive Directors are required to confirm in writing their compliance of
     independence requirements pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules, and to disclose the number and nature of
     offices held by them in public companies or organisations and other significant commitments.




                                                                                China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                              Annual Report 2023       17
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



3.   The Nomination and Remuneration Committee will conduct the performance evaluation of the Independent Non-
     Executive Directors annually to assess their contributions.

4.   External independent professional advice is available as and when required by individual Directors.

5.   All Directors are encouraged to express freely their independent views and constructive challenges during the
     Board/Board Committee meetings.

6.   No equity-based remuneration with performance-related elements will be granted to Independent Non-Executive
     Directors.

7.   A Director (including Independent Non-Executive Director) who has a material interest in a contract, arrangement
     or other proposal shall not vote or be counted in the quorum on any Board resolution approving the same.

BOARD MEETINGS

Pursuant to code Part 2 – C.5.1 of the CG Code, the Board should meet regularly and board meetings should be at least
four times a year. Additional meetings would be arranged if and when required. Notices of not less than 14 days will
be given for all regular board meetings to provide all Directors with an opportunity to attend and include matters in the
agenda for a regular meeting. Board members are provided with all agenda and adequate information for their review
within reasonable time before the meetings. After the meeting, draft minutes are circulated to all Directors for comments
before confirmation. Minutes of board meetings and meetings of board committees are kept by the company secretary
and are available for inspection by the Directors at all times. Each Director is entitled to seek independent professional
advice in appropriate circumstances at the expense of the Company.

Directors may participate either in person or through electronic means of communications. Directors are free to
contribute and share their views at meetings and major decisions will only be taken after deliberation at board meetings.
Directors who are considered to have conflict of interests or material interests in the proposed transactions or issues to
be discussed will not be counted in the quorum of meeting and will abstain from voting on the relevant resolutions.

The Company held 4 board meetings during the year ended 31 December 2023 and complied with the code provision
Part 2 – C.5.1 of the CG Code.




       China Hongguang Holdings Limited
18 Annual Report 2023
                                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




CHAIRMAN (CHAIRWOMAN) AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE

Code Provision Part 2 – C.2.1 of the CG Code provides that the roles of Chairman (Chairwoman) and chief executive
should be separate and should not be performed by the same individual.

Ms. LIN Weishan (“Ms. Lin”) is the Chairwoman of the Board and Mr. WEI Jiakun (“Mr. Wei”) is the Chief Executive
Officer of the Company. As disclosed Mr. Wei is the spouse of Ms. Lin. Despite their relationship, the divisions of
responsibilities between the Chairwoman of the Board and the Chief Executive Office are clearly divided to ensure a
balance of power and authority and to reinforce their independence and accountability.

Ms. Lin, being the Chairwoman, is responsible for providing leadership to the Board and ensuring that the Board
functions effectively; that Directors receive in timely manner adequate information which is complete and reliable; and
that all Directors are properly briefed on issues arising at board meetings. The Chairwoman also encourages Directors
to participate actively in and to make a full contribution to the Board so that the Board acts in the best interests of the
Company. Ms. Lin, being an Executive Director, is also responsible for overseeing the human resources, administration
and finance matters of the Group.

Mr. Wei, being the Chief Executive Officer, is responsible for the daily operations of the Company, execution of business
policies, strategies, objectives and plans as formulated and adopted by the Board and leading the management of the
Company.

As at 31 December 2023, save as disclosed above, none of the Board members has any financial, business, family or
other material/relevant relationships with each other.

BOARD COMMITTEES

Audit Committee

The Company established an audit committee (the “Audit Committee”) on 11 December 2019 with written terms of
reference by reference to the code provisions of the CG Code. The terms of reference of the Audit Committee was
published on the websites of Stock Exchange and the Company.

The primary duties of the Audit Committee are to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment and
dismissal of the external auditor, review the financial statements and information and provide advice in respect of
financial reporting and oversee the internal control procedures of the Company. The Audit Committee comprises of three
members, namely Ms. CHEN Xiuyan, Mr. JIA Xiaogang and Mr. WU Yong, all being Independent Non-Executive Directors.
Ms. CHEN Xiuyan currently serves as the chairwoman of the Audit Committee.




                                                                               China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                             Annual Report 2023       19
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Audit Committee held four meetings and the Audit Committee has
performed the following major works:

–    considered and recommended to the Board for approval of the audited consolidated financial results of the Group
     for the year ended 31 December 2022;

–    considered and approved the accounting treatment adopted by the Group’s annual reports for the year ended 31
     December 2022;

–    considered and recommended acceptance of the audit committee reports prepared by CCTH for the year ended 31
     December 2022;

–    reviewed the draft annual results announcements in relation to the audited consolidated results of the Group for
     the year ended 31 December 2022;

–    considered and evaluated the management system adopted by the Group for internal, financial and risk
     management and internal control procedures;

–    reviewed the compliance status of the Deed of Non-Competition;

–    reviewed the effectiveness of the corporate governance measures adopted to manage any potential or actual
     conflict of interests between the Group and the controlling shareholders of the Company; and

–    reviewed and recommended to the Board for the approval of the unaudited condensed consolidated first quarterly
     results, interim results and third quarterly results and the relevant reports.

Each of the controlling shareholders of the Company has provided with the Company a confirmation on compliance
pursuant to their undertakings under the Deed of Non-Competition. The Audit Committee has reviewed the
confirmations and noted that during the period from the Listing Date to 31 December 2023, each of the controlling
shareholders of the Company has complied with the Deed of Non-Competition. The Audit Committee was not aware of
any significant issues that would have an adverse impact on the effectiveness of the corporate governance measures.

Remuneration Committee

The Company established a remuneration committee (the “Remuneration Committee”) on 11 December 2019
with written terms of reference by reference to the code provisions of the CG Code. The terms of reference of the
Remuneration Committee was published on the websites of Stock Exchange and the Company.

The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee are to make recommendations to the Board on the overall
remuneration policy and the structure relating to all Directors and senior management of the Group, review and approve
the management’s remuneration proposals with reference to the Board’s corporate goals and objectives and ensure none
of the Directors determine their own remuneration. The Remuneration Committee comprises of three members, namely
Mr. WU Yong, Ms. CHEN Xiuyan and Mr. JIA Xiaogang, all being Independent Non-Executive Directors. Mr. WU Yong
currently serves as the chairman of the Remuneration Committee.




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
20 Annual Report 2023
                                                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Remuneration Committee held one meeting and the Remuneration
Committee has performed the following major works:

–    assessed and reviewed the performance of individual Executive Directors and senior management for the year
     ended 31 December 2022 and made recommendations to the Board on the 2022 discretionary bonus; and their
     respective remuneration packages for the year ended 31 December 2023; and

–    considered and approved the recommendation of the remuneration packages of Independent Non-Executive
     Directors for the year ended 31 December 2023.

Pursuant to code provision Part 2 – E.1.5 of the CG Code, the annual remuneration of the members of the senior
management by band for the year ended 31 December 2023 is set out below:

Remuneration Band                                                                                    No. of Individual

Nil to RMB1,000,000                                                                                                 11

Nomination Committee

The Company established a nomination committee (the “Nomination Committee”) on 11 December 2019 with written
terms of reference by reference to the code provisions of the CG Code. The terms of reference of the Nomination
Committee was published on the websites of Stock Exchange and the Company.

The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are to review the structure, size and composition (including the skills,
knowledge and experience) of the Board annually and make recommendation to the Board on any proposed changes
to the Board to complement the Company’s corporate strategy; identify individual suitably qualified as potential board
members and select or make recommendation to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships;
assess the independence of Independent Non-Executive Directors; and make recommendation to the Board on the
appointment or re-appointment of Directors and succession planning of Directors, in particular that of the Chairman
and the Chief Executive Officer. The Nomination Committee comprises of three members, namely Mr. JIA Xiaogang, Ms.
CHEN Xiuyan and Mr. WU Yong, all being Independent Non-Executive Directors. Mr. JIA Xiaogang currently serves as the
chairman of the Nomination Committee.

During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Nomination Committee held one meeting and the Nomination Committee
has performed the following major works:

–     assessed the independence of the Independent Non-Executive Directors;

–     recommended to the Board on re-election of retiring directors at the held annual general meeting on 30 June
      2023;

–     reviewed the structure, size and diversity (including but not limited to gender, age, cultural, educational
      background, races, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service) of the Board; and

–     reviewed the implementation of board diversity policy adopted by the Board.




                                                                             China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                           Annual Report 2023     21
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Nomination Policy

The Board, through the delegation of its authority to the Nomination Committee, has used its best efforts to ensure that
Directors appointed to the Board possess the relevant background, experience and knowledge in business, finance and
management skills critical to the Group’s business to enable the Board to make sound and well considered decisions.
Collectively, they have competencies in areas which are relevant and valuable to the Group.

Nomination Criteria

In evaluating and selecting any candidate for the directorship, the following criteria should be considered:

(i)     the candidate’s character and integrity;

(ii)    the candidate’s qualifications including professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience, and diversity
        aspects under the Board Diversity Policy (as defined below) that are relevant to the Company’s business and
        corporate strategy;

(iii)   any measurable objectives adopted for achieving diversity on the Board;

(iv)    for independent non-executive Directors, whether the candidate would be considered independent with reference
        to the independence guidelines set out in the GEM Listing Rules;

(v)     any potential contributions the candidate can bring to the Board in terms of qualifications, skills, experience,
        independence and gender diversity;

(vi)    willingness and ability of the candidate to devote adequate time to discharge duties as a member of the Board
        and/or Board committee(s) of the Company; and

(vii)   such other perspectives that are appropriate to the Company’s business and succession plan and where applicable
        may be adopted and/or amended by the Board and/or the Nomination Committee from time to time for
        nomination of directors and succession planning.

Nomination Procedures

The Company has put in place the following director nomination procedures:

Appointment of New and Replacement Directors

(i)     If the Board determines that an additional or replacement Director is required, it will deploy multiple channels for
        identifying suitable director candidates, including referral from Directors, shareholders, management, advisors of
        the Company and external executive search firms.

(ii)    Upon compilation and interview of the list of potential candidates, the Nomination Committee will shortlist
        candidates for consideration by the Nomination Committee/Board based on the selection criteria and such other
        factors that it considers appropriate. The Board has the final authority on determining suitable director candidate
        for appointment.




        China Hongguang Holdings Limited
22 Annual Report 2023
                                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY

The Board recognizes and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board to enhance the quality of its performance.
With a view to achieving sustainable and balance development, the Company sees increasing diversity at the Board level
as an essential element in supporting the attainment of its strategic objectives and its sustainable development. All Board
appointments will be based on meritocracy, and candidates will be considered against objective criteria, having due
regard to the benefits of diversity on the Board and also the needs of the Board without focusing on a single diversity
aspect. The board diversity policy (the “Policy”) adopted aims to set out the approach to achieve diversity on the Board.
A summary of the Policy is set out below:

Measurable Objectives and Implementation

The Company commits to selecting the best person for the role. Selection of candidates will be based on a range of
diversity perspectives, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional
experience, skills, knowledge and length of service and any other factors that the Board may consider relevant and
applicable from time to time. The Company will also take into consideration factors based on the Company’s business
model and specific needs from time to time in determining the optimum composition of the Board. The ultimate decision
will be based on merit and contribution that the selected candidates may bring to the Board.

Monitoring and Reporting

The Nomination Committee will report annually, in annual report, on the Board’s composition under diversified
perspective, and monitor the implementation of this Policy.

Review of this Policy

The Nomination Committee will review this Policy, as appropriate, to ensure the effectiveness of the Policy. The
Nomination Committee will discuss any revisions that may be required, and recommend any such revisions to the Board
for consideration and approval.

On recommendation from the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board will set measurable objectives to
implement the Board Diversity Policy and review such objectives from time to time to ensure their appropriateness and
ascertain the progress made towards achieving those objectives. Nomination and Remuneration Committee will review
the Board Diversity Policy at least annually to ensure its continued effectiveness from time to time.

For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Company maintained an effective Board comprising members of different
genders, professional background and industry experience. The Company’s Board Diversity Policy was consistently
implemented. As at the date of this annual report, the Board consists of three female and four male Directors. Within
67 employees of the Group as at 31 December 2023, 48 employees were male and 19 employees are female. The Board
considers that the gender diversity in respect of the Board and the Group’s employees taking into account the business
model and specific needs of the Company is satisfactory. The Board targets by the ends of year to maintain at least
the current level of female representation, with the ultimate goal of achieving gender parity by the end of 2025. The
Board will continue to seek opportunities to increase the proportion of female members over time as and when suitable
candidates are identified.




                                                                               China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                             Annual Report 2023       23
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




ATTENDANCE RECORDS OF BOARD MEETINGS, BOARD COMMITTEES MEETINGS
AND GENERAL MEETING

During the year ended 31 December 2023, the attendance records of each Director and each member of the board
committees of the Company at the relevant meetings held are as follows:

                                      Actual Attendance/Number of Meetings a Director is entitled to attend
                                                         Audit Remuneration      Nomination             General
                                         Board      Committee     Committee       Committee            Meeting

No. of Meetings held                            4                4                 1                 1                1

Executive Directors
Mr. WEI Jiakun                                4/4              N/A              N/A               N/A               1/1
Ms. LIN Weishan                               4/4              N/A              N/A               N/A               1/1
Mr. CHEN Biming                               4/4              N/A              N/A               N/A               1/1
Ms. LI Wanna                                  4/4              N/A              N/A               N/A               1/1

Independent Non-Executive
  Directors
Ms. CHEN Xiuyan                               4/4              4/4               1/1               1/1              1/1
Mr. JIA Xiaogang                              4/4              4/4               1/1               1/1              1/1
Mr. WU Yong                                   4/4              4/4               1/1               1/1              1/1

INDUCTION AND CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

Each newly appointed Director receives a comprehensive induction package (the “Package”) designed to enhance his/
her knowledge and understanding the Group’s culture and operations. The Package usually includes a briefing or an
introduction to the Group’s structure, business strategies, recent developments and governance practices.

The Group acknowledges the importance of continuing professional development for the Directors for the enhancement
of corporate governance and internal control system. In this regard and in compliance with code provision Part 2 – C.1.4
of the CG Code, the Group provides funding to all Directors to participate in continuous professional development
organized in the form of in-house training and seminars so as to keep them refreshed of their knowledge and skills and
understanding of the Group’s business and to update their skills and knowledge on the latest development and changes
in the relevant statutes, the GEM Listing Rules and corporate governance practices.

According to the records kept by the Company, during the year ended 31 December 2023, each of the Directors, namely
Mr. WEI Jiakun, Ms. LIN Weishan, Mr. CHEN Biming, Ms. LI Wanna, Ms. CHEN Xiuyan, Mr. JIA Xiaogang and Mr. WU
Yong attended trainings that are relevant to the Directors’ professional knowledge and skills and in performing their
duties and responsibilities as Directors.




       China Hongguang Holdings Limited
24 Annual Report 2023
                                                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




DIRECTORS’ AND AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities for preparing the consolidated financial statements of the Group that
give a true and fair view of the state of affairs, results and cash flows of the Group and are in compliance with the
relevant accounting standards and principles, applicable laws, disclosure provisions required of the GEM Listing Rules
and disclosure requirement of Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. As at 31 December 2023, the Board was not aware
of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that might cast significant doubt upon the Group’s ability
to continue as a going concern, therefore the Directors continue to adopt the going concern approach in preparing the
consolidated financial statements.

The responsibility of the external auditor is to form an independent opinion, based on their audit, on those consolidated
financial statements prepared by the Board and to report their opinion to the shareholders of the Company. The
independent auditor’s report about their reporting responsibility on the consolidated financial statements of the Group is
set out in the independent auditor’s report on pages 43 to 48 of this annual report.

Whistle-blowing mechanism

A Whistle-blowing Policy has been set up to encourage and allow employees to raise concerns about possible
improprieties in matters of financial reporting, compliance, and other malpractices at the earliest opportunity. The audit
committee has overall responsibility for the policy and has delegated the day-today responsibility of overseeing and
implementing such policy to the company secretary of the Company. If any employee believes reasonably and in good
faith that malpractice exists in the workplace, he/she should report immediately to his/her immediate supervisor within
the department. The supervisor should then forward the concerns by email to the company secretary upon receiving
reports from employees. If necessary, employees may also take the complaint directly to the chairman of the audit
committee. All reports are treated confidentially, and the Group makes every effort to keep the employee’s identity
confidential.

Anti-corruption

There are well established lines of authority and responsibility for implementing the Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption
(“ABAC”) Policy within the Group. Every employee has the responsibility to implement, enforce and maintain the ABAC
mechanism that adequately address bribery and corruption risks and promote a culture of integrity in the Group. Regular
trainings/reminders are provided/sent to the employees.

AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION

During the year, the remuneration, reviewed and approved by the Audit Committee on the audit and non-audit scope,
paid or payable to the auditor in respect of audit services provided by the auditor of the Group, CCTH CPA Limited, were
as follows:

Nature of services                                                                                         2023 Amount
                                                                                                               RMB’000

Audit services for 2023 Annual Audit                                                                                  930




                                                                               China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                             Annual Report 2023      25
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

The Company have established risk management systems with relevant policies and procedures for the business
operations. The policies and procedures relate to managing procurement and production, as well as monitoring sales
performance and product quality. The key risk management objectives include: (i) identifying the different risks relevant
to the operations of the Company; (ii) assessing and prioritizing the identified risks; (iii) developing appropriate risk
management strategies for different risks; (iv) monitoring and managing risks and the risk tolerance level; and (v)
executing measures to respond to the risks.

The Board oversees and manages the risks associated with the business of the Group. The Company have established the
Audit Committee to review and supervise the financial reporting process and internal control system.

In order to improve the corporate governance of the Company and to prevent the occurrence of non-compliance
incidents in the future, the Company has adopted a series of internal control policies, procedures and programs designed
to provide reasonable assurance for achieving objectives such as effective and efficient operations, reliable financial
reporting and compliance with applicable laws and regulations.

During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Board had outsourced its internal audit function to an independent
internal audit firm (the “Internal Auditor”). The Internal Auditor reports directly to the Audit Committee once a year on
all internal audit matters. The Audit Committee reviewed the internal audit report and would monitor the implementation
of the improvements required on internal control weaknesses identified.

Although the Group does not maintain an internal audit function, the Board has overall responsibility for the risk
management and internal control systems for reviewing its effectiveness. The Audit Committee and the Board would
review the risk management and internal control systems once annually. The Directors were satisfied that effective
internal control measures as appropriate to the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 were implemented properly
and that no significant areas of weaknesses came into attention.

The Board acknowledges that it is the responsibility of the Board for establishing and maintaining appropriate and
effective risk management and internal control systems. Also, the Board has overall responsibilities for the risk
management and internal control systems of the Group on an ongoing basis, and for reviewing its effectiveness on an
annual basis. The established systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business
objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.

Policies and procedures for releasing information to external parties had been established and are in place, which
covers the handling and dissemination of inside information, with an aim to provide accurate, complete and timely
information to all stakeholders of the Group. These policies and procedures define the class and form of the information
to be disclosed, the procedures for dissemination and disclosure of information, and communication with investors,
financial analysts and media. They also include the policies for communication with shareholders, and the information
management for subsidiaries and associated companies of the Company.




       China Hongguang Holdings Limited
26 Annual Report 2023
                                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




COMPANY SECRETARY

Company Secretary supports the Board by ensuring good information flow within the Board and that the Board policy
and procedures are followed. The Company Secretary is responsible for advising the Board on the corporate governance
matters and maintaining minutes recorded in sufficient details of all the meetings of the Board and committees of
the Company. All Directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary to ensure that the Board
procedures and all applicable laws, rules and regulations, are followed.

The joint company secretary, Ms. Kwong Oi Man Patty confirmed that she has complied with all the qualifications,
experience, and professional training requirements under the GEM Listing Rules.

SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

The general meetings of the Company provided an opportunity for communication between the shareholders and the
Board. An annual general meeting of the Company shall be held in each year and at the place as may be determined by
the Board. Each general meeting, other than an annual general meeting, shall be called an extraordinary general meeting
(“EGM”).

Right to Convene EGMs and Procedures

Pursuant to article 58 of the Articles of Association, the Board, may whenever it thinks fit, convene an EGM. Any one or
more members holding at the date of the deposit of the requisition not less than one tenth of the paid-up capital of the
Company carrying the right of voting at general meetings of the Company, shall at all times have the right, by written
requisition sent to the Company’s principal place of business as set out in the manner below, to require an EGM to
be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition; and such meeting shall be held
within two months after the deposit of such requisition.

Such requisition shall be made in writing to the Board or the Joint Company Secretaries of the Company at the following:

Principal place of business of the Company in the PRC

Address:             Eastside of Middle of Rongchi Road
                     Xianqiao, Rongcheng, Jieyang
                     Guangdong, the PRC
Attention:           Joint Company Secretaries
Email:               dx@dx128.com.hk/wwl@hongguang.hk

Registered office of the Company

Address:             Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
                     PO Box 2681
                     Grand Cayman, KY1-1111
                     Cayman Islands
Attention:           Joint Company Secretaries

If within 21 days of deposit of such written requisition, the Board fails to proceed to convene such EGM, the
requisitionist(s) themselves or any of them may do so in the same manner, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the
requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to them by the Company.



                                                                             China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                           Annual Report 2023      27
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Right to Put Enquiries to the Board

For matters in relation to the Board, the shareholders may at any time send their enquiries and concerns to Board in
writing, for the attention of the Joint Company Secretaries. Contact details are as follows:

Address:             Room 1202, 1204–06, 12th Floor, The Chinese Bank Building
                     61 Des Voeux Road Central
                     Central, Hong Kong
Fax:                 (852) 3020 6430/(86) 06638864681
Email:               dx@dx128.com.hk/wwl@hongguang.hk

Shareholders of the Company may also make enquiries with the Board at the general meetings of the Company.

Right to Put forward Proposals at General Meetings

There are no provisions allowing shareholders to propose new resolutions at the general meetings under the Companies
Law (as revised) of the Cayman Islands, as amended, modified and supplemental from time to time. However, pursuant
to the Articles of Association, shareholders who wish to move a resolution may by means of requisitions convene an EGM
following the procedures set out above.

INVESTOR RELATIONS

On 11 December 2019, the Board adopted a shareholders’ communication policy reflecting mostly the current practices
of the Company for communication with its shareholders. Such policy aims to promote effective communication between
the Company, shareholders and other stakeholders and enable shareholders to exercise their rights as shareholders
effectively in an informed manner, in order to provide shareholders and other stakeholders (including potential investors)
with timely, clear, balanced and accurate information about the Company, and to allow shareholders and other
stakeholders to engage actively with the Company. The Company has established a number of channels for maintaining
on-going dialogue with shareholders as follows:

(a)   corporate communications such as annual reports, quarterly reports, interim reports and circulars are issued in
      printed form and are available on the websites of Stock Exchange and the Company;

(b)   periodic announcements are made through the Stock Exchange and published on the websites of Stock Exchange
      and the Company;

(c)   corporate information is made available on the Company’s website;

(d)   AGM and EGM provide a forum for shareholders to make comments and exchange views with the Directors and
      senior management; and

(e)   the Company’s share registrars serve shareholders in respect of share registration, dividend payment, change of
      shareholders’ particulars and related matters.

The Board has reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the Shareholders’ Communication Policy including steps
taken at the general meetings, the handling of queries received (if any) and the multiple channels of communication
and engagement in place, and considered that the Shareholders’ Communication Policy has been properly implemented
during the year under review and is effective.



         China Hongguang Holdings Limited
28 Annual Report 2023
                                                                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




DIVIDEND POLICY

The Company has adopted a dividend policy on 31 March 2020 in deciding whether to propose a dividend and in
determining the dividend amount, the Board shall take into account, among other things, the following factors:

(a)   the Company’s current and future operations, actual and expected financial performance;

(b)   any corporate development plans;

(c)   the Group’s liquidity position, working capital and capital expenditure requirements and future expected capital
      needs;

(d)   the level of the Group’s debt to equity ratio, return on equity and the relevant financial covenants;

(e)   any restrictions on payments of dividends that may be imposed by the Group’s lenders or other third parties;

(f)   retained earnings and distributable reserves of the Company and each of the members of the Group;

(g)   general economic conditions, the business cycle of the Group’s business and other internal and external factors that
      may have an impact on the business or financial performance and position of the Company; and

(h)   any other factor that the Board deems appropriate and relevant.

The recommendation of the payment of dividend is subject to the determination of the Board, and, any declaration of
final dividend for the year will be subject to the approval of the shareholders of the Company. The payment of dividend is
also subject to any restrictions under the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands and any other applicable laws, rule and
regulations and amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company.

CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS

The amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company were adopted on 11 December
2019 to comply with the relevant provisions of the GEM Listing Rules.

The second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company were adopted on 30 June
2023 to comply with the relevant provisions of the GEM Listing Rules.

A copy of the memorandum and articles of association of the Company was posted on the websites of Stock Exchange
and the Company.




                                                                                China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                              Annual Report 2023     29
DIRECTORS’ REPORT


The Directors present their annual report and the audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31
December 2023.

CORPORATE REORGANISATION

The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands as exempted company with limited liability on 25 May 2017.

The Company completed the corporate reorganization (the “Reorganisation”) on 11 July 2018 in preparation for the
listing of the shares of the Company (the “Shares”) on GEM of the Stock Exchange, pursuant to which the Company
became the holding company of the companies now comprising the Group.

Details of the Reorganisation are set out in paragraph headed “Reorganisation” in the section headed “History,
Reorganisation and Group Structure” in the prospectus of the Company dated 31 December 2019 (the “Prospectus”).
The Shares were listed on GEM of the Stock Exchange on 13 January 2020 by way of share offer (the “Listing”).

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND BUSINESS REVIEW

The principal activities of the Group are the manufacture and sales of architectural glass products in the People’s Republic
of China. The Company acts as an investment holding company. Further discussion and analysis of these activities
as required by Schedule 5 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, including a discussion of the principal risks and
uncertainties facing the Group and an indication of likely future developments in the Group’s business, can be found in
the Management Discussion and Analysis set out on pages 5 to 10 of this annual report. This discussion forms part of
this Directors’ Report.

RESULTS AND DIVIDEND

The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss
and other comprehensive income on page 49 of this annual report.

The Directors do not recommend the payment of final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2023 (2022: nil).




       China Hongguang Holdings Limited
30 Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                 DIRECTORS’ REPORT




OUTLOOK AND PROSPECTS

The Group was listed on GEM of the Stock Exchange on 13 January 2020 and the funds raised from the Listing laid a
solid foundation for the future development of the Group.

The markets and technological advances in relation to coated glass have developed significantly in recent years, driven
primarily by a series of building energy conservation policies and standards promulgated by the PRC Government such as
the Guidance Opinion on the Development of Glass Industry in the 13th Five-Year Plan* (《玻璃工業“十三五”發展指導意
見》) issued by the China Architectural and Industrial Glass Association* (中國建築玻璃與工業玻璃協會). According to
HCR Co., Ltd. (北京慧辰資道資訊股份有限公司) (“HCR”), an independent market research firm commissioned by us in
preparation for the Listing, coated glass production volume in China is expected to increase at a CAGR of about 7.8%
from 293 million m2 in 2018 to 427 million m2 in 2023. Coated glass, our primary energy-efficient safety glass product, is
a type of energy-saving glass which is commonly used in the construction industry. We believe our specialisation in
coated glass well positions us to capture the opportunities arising from the continual growth of the demand of coated
glass in China.

With the strong demand for dimming glass in new buildings, HCR estimates that dimming glass production volume in
China is expected to increase at a CAGR of 21.6% from 254,000 m2 in 2018 to 675,000 m2 in 2023 and there will also
be an upward trend of a similar scale in dimming glass sales volume. We further leveraged our cumulative experience
and technological know-how in the production of smart glass product. We believe that our business will benefit from the
increasing market demand for smart glass products in China.

In spring of 2020, under the impact of the novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19) epidemic, industries in Mainland China
postponed the resumption of work after the Chinese New Year holiday, and operations were only resumed in early
March 2020. The impact of the COVID-19 epidemic has, to a certain extent, affected the development of Mainland
China’s real estate market from the year of 2020 to 2022, thus also triggering the slowdown of the development of the
architectural glass industry. In the meanwhile, the PRC government has implemented a strong COVID-19 prevention and
control policies. Until the first quarter of 2023, mainland China had completely lifted its restrictions and was basically no
longer affected by the prevention and control policies of the COVID-19 epidemic.

The Group is continuously seeking acquisition or investment opportunities to enhance the value of China Hongguang, in
order to enhance the Group’s risk tolerance and its value, and continue to create new growth drivers for the Group.

SEGMENT INFORMATION

An analysis of the Group’s performance for the year by operating segment is set out in note 4(b) to the consolidated
financial statements.




*   For identification purpose only




                                                                                 China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                               Annual Report 2023       31
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

This information in respect of the Group’s sales and purchases attributable to the major customers and suppliers
respectively during the financial year is as follows:

                                                                                     Percentage of the Group’s total
                                                                                              Sales         Purchases

The largest customer                                                                          20.7%                      –
Five largest customers in aggregate                                                           43.9%                      –
The largest supplier                                                                               –                15.0%
Five largest suppliers in aggregate                                                                –                58.9%

None of the Directors of the Company, or any of their close associates or any other shareholders, which to the best
knowledge of the Directors, owns more than 5% of the number of issued Shares, had any interests in the Group’s five
largest customers and suppliers during the year ended 31 December 2023.

CHARITABLE DONATIONS

The Group made charitable donations totaling RMB29,688 during the year ended 31 December 2023, compared to
RMB13,300 in 2022.

SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION

A summary of the published result and assets, liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years, as extracted from
the consolidated financial statements, is set out on page 120. This summary does not form part of the consolidated
financial statements.

SHARE CAPITAL

Details of movements in share capital of the Company during the year are set out in note 23 to the consolidated financial
statements of this annual report.

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES

Neither the Company, nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, redeemed or sold any of the Company’s listed securities
during the year ended 31 December 2023.

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association of the Company (the “Articles of
Association”) or the laws of the Cayman Islands which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro rata basis
to existing shareholders.




       China Hongguang Holdings Limited
32 Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                DIRECTORS’ REPORT




DIRECTORS

The Directors during the year ended 31 December 2023 and up to the date of this annual report were:

Executive Directors:

Mr. WEI Jiakun (Chief Executive Officer)
Ms. LIN Weishan (Chairwoman)
Mr. CHEN Biming
Ms. LI Wanna

Independent Non-Executive Directors:

Ms. CHEN Xiuyan
Mr. JIA Xiaogang
Mr. WU Yong

DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS

Each of the Executive Directors has entered into a service contract on 11 December 2019 with the Company commencing
from the Listing Date for a term of three years unless terminated by either party by giving at least three months’ notice in
writing to the other party.

Each of the Independent Non-Executive Directors has entered into a service contract on 11 December 2019 with the
Company for an initial term of one year commencing on the Listing Date and shall continue for an additional term of one
year upon expiry of the initial term unless terminated by either party by giving at least three months’ notice in writing to
the other party.

In accordance with articles 84(1) & 84(2) of the Articles of Association, Mr. WEI Jiakun, Ms. LIN Weishan, Ms. LI Wanna
and Mr. WU Yong will retire by rotation and being eligible, will offer themselves for re-election at the forthcoming
annual general meeting (the “AGM”).

No Director proposed for re-election at the AGM has an unexpired service contract which is not determinable by the
Company or any of its subsidiaries within one year without payment of compensation, other than normal statutory
obligations.




                                                                                China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                              Annual Report 2023       33
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES,
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR ANY ASSOCIATED
CORPORATION

As at 31 December 2023, the interests or short positions of the Directors and chief executives in the Shares, underlying
Shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporation (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities
and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”) which were notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7
and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such
provision of the SFO) or which were required to be recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 352 of the
SFO or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code as follows:

                                                                                                           Total number of                Percentage of
Name                                            Nature of interest                                          shares held (L)(1)             shareholding

Mr. WEI Jiakun (“Mr. Wei”)                      Settlor of a discretionary trust;                            249,750,000 (L)(2)                    54.41%
                                                Interest of spouse

Ms. LIN Weishan (“Ms. Lin”)                     Settlor of discretionary trust;                              249,750,000 (L)(2)                    54.41%
                                                Interest of spouse

Notes:


1.       The letter “L” denotes the entity/person’s long position in the Shares.


2.       These Shares are held by Ming Liang Global Limited, the entire issued share capital of which is held by Wei Family Limited, which is in turn entirely
         held by IQ EQ (BVI) Limited, acting as the trustee of The Wei Family Trust. The Wei Family Trust is a discretionary trust established by Mr. Wei, Ms.
         Lin (the spouse of Mr. Wei) and Ms. LIU Rong (“Ms. Liu”, the mother of Mr. Wei) as the settlors and the beneficiaries of The Wei Family Trust include
         Mr. Wei, Ms. Lin, Ms. Liu and certain family members of Mr. Wei. Each of Mr. Wei, Ms. Lin, Ms. Liu, IQ EQ (BVI) Limited and Wei Family Limited is
         deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Ming Liang Global Limited by virtue of the SFO.


DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

Save as disclosed under the section headed “Directors’ and Chief Executives’ interests and short positions in Shares,
underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or any associated corporation” above, at no time during the year
ended 31 December 2023 was the Company, or any of its subsidiaries or associated corporations, a party to any
arrangement to enable the Directors and chief executives of the Company (including their respective spouse and
children under 18 years of age) to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of the Shares or underlying Shares in, or
debentures of, the Company or any of its associated corporations.




          China Hongguang Holdings Limited
34 Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                                           DIRECTORS’ REPORT




SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSONS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT
POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY

As at 31 December 2023, so far as is known to the Directors, the following persons (other than Directors or chief
executives of the Company) had or deemed or taken to have interest or short position in Shares or underlying Shares of
the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions
2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or which would be required, pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO, to be entered in the
register referred to therein:

                                                                                                           Total number of                Percentage of
Name                                            Capacity/nature of interest                                 shares held (L)(1)             shareholding

Ming Liang Global Limited                       Beneficial owner                                             249,750,000 (L)(2)                    54.41%

Wei Family Limited                              Interest in a controlled corporation                         249,750,000 (L)(2)                    54.41%

IQ EQ (BVI) Limited                             Trustee of a trust                                           249,750,000 (L)(2)                    54.41%

Mr. Wei                                         Settlor of a discretionary trust;                            249,750,000 (L)(2)                    54.41%
                                                Interest of spouse

Ms. Lin                                         Settlor of a discretionary trust;                            249,750,000 (L)(2)                    54.41%
                                                Interest of spouse

LIU Rong (“Ms. Liu”)                            Settlor of a discretionary trust                             249,750,000 (L)(2)                    54.41%

Power Solution International                    Beneficial owner                                               24,750,000 (L)(3)                     5.39%
  Holdings Limited

LI Wei                                          Interest in a controlled corporation                           24,750,000 (L)(3)                     5.39%

Notes:


1.       The letter “L” denotes the entity/person’s long position in the Shares.


2.       These Shares are held by Ming Liang Global Limited, the entire issued share capital of which is held by Wei Family Limited, which is in turn entirely
         held by IQ EQ (BVI) Limited, acting as the trustee of The Wei Family Trust. The Wei Family Trust is a discretionary trust established by Mr. Wei, Ms.
         Lin (the spouse of Mr. Wei) and Ms. Liu (the mother of Mr. Wei) as the settlors and the beneficiaries of The Wei Family Trust include Mr. Wei, Ms.
         Lin, Ms. Liu and certain family members of Mr. Wei. Each of Mr. Wei, Ms. Lin, Ms. Liu, IQ EQ (BVI) Limited and Wei Family Limited is deemed to be
         interested in the Shares held by Ming Liang Global Limited by virtue of the SFO.


3.       These Shares are held by Power Solution International Holdings Limited, which is beneficially owned by Mr. LI Wei as to 50%, and the other two
         individuals as to 25% and 25%, respectively. Mr. LI Wei is deemed to be interested in these Shares by virtue of the SFO.




                                                                                                      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023                  35
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Details of the related party transactions entered into by the Group are set out in note 29 to the consolidated financial
statements of this annual report. Such related party transactions do not fall under the definition of connected transaction
or continuing connected transaction under Chapter 20 of the GEM Listing Rules.

CONNECTED TRANSACTION AND CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTION

During the year, the Group has not entered into any connected transactions or continuing connected transactions that
are not exempted under the GEM Listing Rules. The Board confirms that the Company has complied with the applicable
disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 20 of the GEM Listing Rules.

SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors as at the
date of this annual report, the Company has maintained the prescribed public float required by the GEM Listing Rules
since the Listing Date and up to the date of this annual report.

DIRECTORS’ INTEREST IN COMPETING BUSINESS

The Directors are not aware of any business or interest of the Directors nor the controlling shareholders of the Company
nor any of their respective close associates that competes or may compete, directly or indirectly, with the businesses of
the Group and any other conflicts of interest which any such person has or may have with the Group during the year
ended 31 December 2023.

DEED OF NON-COMPETITION

In order to ensure that the controlling shareholders of the Company (the “Controlling Shareholders”) will not engage in
any business undertaking in competition with the Group in the future, on 30 December 2019, each of the Controlling
Shareholders has entered into the Deed of Non-Competition in favor of the Company (for itself and as trustee for its
subsidiaries from time to time) to the effect that each of them will not, and will procure each of their respective close
associates not to, directly or indirectly participate in, or hold any right or interest, or otherwise be involved in any business
which may be in competition with the businesses of the Group.

Each of the Controlling Shareholders (the “Covenantors”) has undertaken to the Company in the Deed of Non-
Competition that he/she/it will, among others, at any time during the Relevant Period (as defined below):

(i)   save for engaging in the Restricted Business (as defined below) through the Group, not, and will procure that his/
      her/its close associates (other than members of the Group) will not, directly or indirectly, carry on, invest, participate
      or engage in any business which competes or may compete, directly or indirectly, with the Restricted Business; and




       China Hongguang Holdings Limited
36 Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                      DIRECTORS’ REPORT



(ii)   promptly provide the Company with any relevant information in respect of any new business opportunity (“New
       Business Opportunity”) within the PRC which competes or may compete with the Restricted Business or future
       business of the Group of which he/she/it or his/her/its close associates may have knowledge, for the Independent
       Non-Executive Directors to review and decide whether the Group shall take up such New Business Opportunity by
       considering, among other things, whether (a) such New Business Opportunity would constitute competition with
       the Restricted Business; and (b) it is in the interest of the Group to pursue such New Business Opportunity taking
       into account factors such as the nature of such New Business Opportunity and the estimated costs of investing
       in or acquiring such New Business Opportunity; and give the Company an option exercisable by the Company
       within 30 days upon receipt of the written notification of relevant information, to take up such New Business
       Opportunity; and he/she/it and/or his/her/its close associates may only take up such New Business Opportunity after
       the Independent Non-Executive Directors have separately reviewed and decided that the Group should decline such
       New Business Opportunity.

For the above purposes:

(i)    “Restricted Business” means the business engaged by the Group in the PRC from time to time including the
       manufacture, sale and research and development of architectural glass products; and

(ii)   “Relevant Period” means the period commencing from the Listing Date and expiring on the earlier of the dates
       below:

       (a)   the date on which the Shares cease to be listed on the Stock Exchange;

       (b)   the date on which the Covenantors and their respective close associates, taken together, whether directly or
             indirectly, cease to be the Controlling Shareholders for the purpose of the GEM Listing Rules; and

       (c)   the date on which the Company ceases to engage in the Restricted Business.

Further details of the Deed of Non-Competition are set out in the section headed “Relationship with Controlling
Shareholders” of the Prospectus.

The Independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company had reviewed the status of compliance as well as confirmation
by the Controlling Shareholders and, on the basis of such confirmation, are of the view that such Controlling
Shareholders have complied with their non-competition undertakings under the Deed of Non-Competition and these
non-competition undertakings have been enforced by the Company in accordance with its terms.

COMPETITION AND CONFLICT OF INTERESTS

During the year, save as disclosed in the Prospectus, none of the Directors or substantial shareholders of the Company or
any of their respective associates has engaged in any business that competes or may compete with the businesses of the
Group or has any other conflict of interests with the Group.

PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

A directors and officers liability insurance is currently in place to protect the Directors against potential costs and liabilities
arising from claims brought against the Directors.




                                                                                    China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023          37
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS OF
SIGNIFICANCE

The Directors are not aware of any business or interest of the Directors nor the controlling shareholders of the Company
nor any of their respective close associates that competes or may compete, directly or indirectly, with the businesses of
the Group and any other conflicts of interest which any such person has or may have with the Group during the year
ended 31 December 2023.

CONTRACT OF SIGNIFICANCE

No transaction, arrangement or contract of significance to which the Company, or any of its holding company,
subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party, and in which a Director or an entity connected with a director had a
material interest, either directly or indirectly subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.

CONTRACT OF SIGNIFICANCE FOR THE PROVISION OF SERVICES

No contract of significance for the provision of services was entered into between the Company or any of its subsidiaries
and a Controlling Shareholder or any of its subsidiaries.

MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
Company were into or existed during the year.

ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

The Group recognizes the importance of environmental protection and has adopted stringent measures for environmental
protection in order to ensure compliance of prevailing environmental protection laws and regulations.

The Group has adopted environmental protection measures and established a team led by Mr. CHEN Biming, an Executive
Director of the Company primarily in charge of human resources of the Group, who is responsible for monitoring the
implementation of environmental protection measures by means of: (a) supervising the safe placement of glass fragments
to be recycled by suppliers; (b) supervising the cleaning of sedimentation ponds and the collecting of glass powder to be
recycled by suppliers; and (c) reviewing the daily record and monitoring the volume of waste water discharged during the
production process.

COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS

The Group recognizes the importance of compliance with regulatory requirements and the risk of non-compliance with
such requirements could lead to the termination of operating licences. The Group has been allocating system and staff
resources to ensure ongoing compliance with rules and regulations and to maintain cordial working relationships with
relevant authorities effectively through effective communications.

The Group also complies with the requirements under the Companies Ordinance, the GEM Listing Rules and the SFO for
the disclosure of information and corporate governance.




       China Hongguang Holdings Limited
38 Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                DIRECTORS’ REPORT




KEY RELATIONSHIPS WITH EMPLOYEES, CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

The Group recognizes the accomplishment of the employees by providing comprehensive benefit package, career
development opportunities and internal training appropriate to individual needs. The Group provides a healthy and safe
workplace for all employees. No strikes and cases of fatality due to workplace accidents are found in the year under
review.

The Group encompasses working relationships with suppliers to meet our customers’ needs in an effective and efficient
manner. The departments work closely to make sure the tendering and procurement process is conducted in an open,
fair and just manner. The Group’s requirements and standards are also well-communicated to suppliers before the
commencement of a project.

The Group values the views and opinions of all customers through various means and channels to understand customer
trends and needs and regular discuss on customer feedback. The Group also conducts comprehensive tests and checks to
ensure that only quality products and services are offered to the customers.

BANK LOANS AND OTHER BORROWINGS

Particulars of bank loans and other borrowings of the Group as at 31 December 2023 are set out in note 19 and note 20
to the consolidated financial statements.

FIVE YEAR SUMMARY

A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is set out on page
120 of this annual report.

SHARE OPTION SCHEME

The Company approved and adopted a share option scheme on 30 June 2023 (the “Scheme”).

The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to attract and retain the best available personnel of the Group, to provide
additional incentive to the Eligible Participants and to promote the success of the business of the Group. Under the
Scheme, the Directors may grant options to any eligible persons of the Group, including the directors (including
independent nonexecutive directors) and employees (whether full-time or part-time) of any member of the Group
(including persons who are granted Options under the Share Option Scheme as inducement to enter into employment
contracts with any member of the Group). The factors in assessing whether any person is eligible to participate in
the Share Option Scheme include (1) the performance of the Directors and employees; (2) their time commitment,
responsibilities or employment conditions according to the prevailing market practice and industry standard; (3) their
length of engagement with the Group; and (4) their contribution or potential contribution to the development and
growth of the Group.

Since the date of adoption and up to the date of this annual report, the Company has not granted or agreed to grant
any share options under the Scheme.




                                                                                China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                              Annual Report 2023       39
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




DEBENTURE

No debenture was issued by the Company during the year ended 31 December 2023.

EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENT

On 13 April 2021, the Company entered into the Equity Sale and Purchase Agreement with Ming Liang Global, pursuant
to which the Company has agreed conditionally to acquire, and Ming Liang Global has agreed conditionally to sell, the
100% of the issued share capital of a newly incorporated company which holds the entire equity interest in Guangdong
Longjian Engineering Co., Ltd., at a consideration of HK$64,200,000. The consideration shall be settled by way of (i) issue
and allotment of 99,000,000 consideration shares issued at an issue price of HK$0.32 per consideration share, such that
the total value of the consideration shares will be HK$31,680,000, and (ii) issuance of convertible bonds in the principal
amount of HK$32,520,000.

On 12 May 2022, the Company entered into Termination Agreement with Ming Liang Global, pursuant to which the
Company and Ming Liang Global mutually agreed to terminate the Equity Sale and Purchase Agreement.

Upon the execution of the Termination Agreement, the duties and obligations of the Company and Ming Liang Global
under the Equity Sale and Purchase Agreement have been released; the Company has not paid any deposit in respect of
the Acquisition and neither party shall make any compensation to the other. The Termination Agreement was entered
into because certain conditions precedent under the Equity Sale and Purchase Agreement were not fulfilled, including
that the information required for the preparation of the circular in relation to the Equity Sale and Purchase Agreement is
not all available. As a result, the Company has not yet obtained Independent Shareholders’ approval regarding the terms
of the Equity Sale and Purchase Agreement.

On 17 May 2022, the Company entered into the Share Subscription Agreement with Ming Liang Global, pursuant to
which the Company has conditionally agreed to allot and issue, and Ming Liang Global has conditionally agreed to
subscribe for, 99,000,000 subscription shares on the terms of the Share Subscription Agreement.

On 20 June 2023, the Company entered into the Share Subscription Agreement with Subscribers, pursuant to which
the Company has conditionally agreed to allot and issue, and Subscribers has conditionally agreed to subscribe for
59,990,000 subscription shares on the terms of the Share Subscription Agreement.

TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION

The Company is not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to the shareholders by reason of their holding of the
Shares.




       China Hongguang Holdings Limited
40 Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                DIRECTORS’ REPORT




USE OF NET PROCEEDS FROM THE SHARE OFFER

The Company’s shares were listed on the Stock Exchange on 13 January 2020 with a total of 75,000,000 offer shares
issued and based on the final Offer Price of HK$0.77 per Offer Share, the net proceeds raised from the global offering
were approximately HK$19.2 million (RMB17.1 million, exchange rate of HK$ to RMB is 0.8919 on date of 13 January
2020). There was no change in the intended use of net proceeds as previously disclosed in the Prospectus. As at 31
December 2023, the net proceeds have been utilised as follows:

                                                                                              Utilised net   Unutilised net
                                      Approximate %       Adjusted use of net proceeds     proceeds as at    proceeds as at
                                       of total actual   in the manner and proportion       31 December       31 December
Use                                     net proceeds       as stated in the Prospectus               2023             2023
                                                               HK$’000           RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000

Upgrade the Group’s existing
  production facilities                        51.0%             9,800            8,741             8,741                –
Repay the Group’s bank loan                    10.9%             2,100            1,873             1,873                –
Enhance the Group’s research and
  development capabilities                     13.0%             2,500            2,230             2,230                –
Enhance the infrastructure of
  information technology,
  production safety and
  environmental protection in order
  to upgrade the Group’s Xianqiao
  Plant and ERP system                         14.6%             2,800            2,497             2,497                –
Expand the Group’s sales and
  marketing coverage                            5.7%             1,100              981               981                –
Provide funding for the Group’s
  working capital and other general
  corporate purposes                            4.8%              900               803               803                –


                                              100.0%           19,200            17,125            17,125                –


DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

Details of the movements in the reserves of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 are set out in the
consolidated statement of changes in equity on page 52.

The Company’s reserves available for distribution to the shareholders as at 31 December 2023 amounted to
RMB62,122,000.

PROPERTIES

Particulars of the major properties and property interests of the Group are shown on note 12 to the consolidated
financial statements.




                                                                                 China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                               Annual Report 2023     41
DIRECTORS’ REPORT




RETIREMENT SCHEMES

Particulars of retirement schemes are set out in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.

CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE

The Company has received from each of the Independent Non-Executive Directors an annual conformation of
independence pursuant to Rule 5.09 of the GEM Listing Rules and, based on contents of such confirmation, considers all
the Independent Non-Executive Directors to be independent and that they have met the specific independence guidelines
as set out in Rule 5.09 of the GEM Listing Rules.

INTERESTS OF COMPLIANCE ADVISER

As notified by the Company’s compliance adviser, Dongxing Securities (Hong Kong) Company Limited, neither Dongxing
Securities (Hong Kong) Limited nor any of its directors or employees or close associates had any interests in the share
capital of the Company or any member of the Group (including options or rights to subscribe for such securities) or
otherwise in relation to the Company which is required to be notified to the Company pursuant to Rule 6A.32 of the
GEM Listing Rules except for the compliance adviser service provided by Dongxing Securities (Hong Kong) Limited as at
the date of this annual report.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Details of the corporate governance practices adopted by the Company are set out on pages 15 to 29 of this annual
report.

REVIEW BY THE AUDIT COMMITTEE

The audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 have been reviewed
by the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee is of the opinion that the audited consolidated financial statements of
the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 have been prepared in compliance with the applicable accounting
standards and the GEM Listing Rules and that adequate disclosures have been made.

IMPORTANT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
Save as disclosed in this report, the Board is not aware of any significant event requiring disclosure that has taken place
subsequent to 31 December 2023 and up to the date of this annual report.

AUDITOR
CCTH CPA Limited has been appointed as auditor of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2023.

CCTH CPA Limited shall retire in the AGM and, being eligible, will offer themselves for re-appointment. A resolution for
the re-appointment of CCTH CPA Limited as auditor of the Company will be proposed at the AGM.




On behalf of the Board
LIN Weishan
Chairwoman and Executive Director

Hong Kong, 28 March 2024



       China Hongguang Holdings Limited
42 Annual Report 2023
                                                  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




To the shareholders of
China Hongguang Holdings Limited
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

OPINION

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of China Hongguang Holdings Limited (“the Company”) and
its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 49 to 119, which comprise the consolidated
statement of financial position as at 31 December 2023, the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows
for the year then ended and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of material accounting
policy information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of
the Group as at 31 December 2023 and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for
the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure
requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA.
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the
consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the
HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities
in accordance with these requirements and the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient
and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




                                                                               China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                             Annual Report 2023       43
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
opinion on these matters.

Valuation of inventories

Refer to note 15 to the consolidated financial statements and the material accounting policy information on page 73 (note
2(j)).

Key audit matter                                                How the matter was addressed in our audit

Inventories are carried at the lower of cost and net            Our audit procedures regarding the accounting recognition
realisable value in the consolidated financial statements.      of inventories included the following:
The cost of inventories includes the purchase costs of raw
materials and the conversion costs incurred during the          •    We obtained an understanding of the design and
production process, including an allocation of production            implementation of key internal controls relating to
overheads. At 31 December 2023, the carrying amount of               valuation of inventories;
inventories was RMB160 million.
                                                                •    We compared, on a sample basis, the purchase prices
Management determines the net realisable value of                    and quantities of inventories recorded by the Group
inventories by considering the ageing profile, inventory             with supplier invoices;
obsolescence and the subsequent selling price of individual
inventory item.                                                 •    We made enquiry with management of the Group
                                                                     regarding the key assumptions concerning the
We identified the accounting recognition of inventories              absorption of overheads into the cost of production,
as a key audit matter because the Group held significant             tested and evaluated the appropriateness of
inventories at the reporting date and because management             overhead costs included in the overhead absorption
is required to exercise significant estimation in determining        calculations;
the net realisable value of inventories.
                                                                •    We assessed, on a sample basis, the accuracy of the
                                                                     ageing profile of raw materials and finished goods
                                                                     included in inventories at the financial year end by
                                                                     checking the goods receipt notes and the finished
                                                                     goods records respectively; and

                                                                •    We compared, on a sample basis, the selling price of
                                                                     the finished goods subsequent to the reporting date
                                                                     to costs of these inventories as at the financial year
                                                                     end.




       China Hongguang Holdings Limited
44 Annual Report 2023
                                                                              INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

Expected credit losses allowances for trade receivables

Refer to note 16 to the consolidated financial statements and the material accounting policy information on pages 68 to
73 (note 2(i)).

Key audit matter                                                How the matter was addressed in our audit

As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s gross trade                 Our audit procedures to assess the ECLs allowance for
receivables amounted to RMB137 million, against which a         trade receivables included the following:
loss allowance of RMB17 million for expected credit losses
(“ECLs”) was recorded. The Group’s trade receivables            •    We obtained an understanding of the design and
mainly arose from sales of glass products.                           implementation of key internal controls relating to
                                                                     credit control, debt collection and estimating the
Management measures the loss allowance at an amount                  credit loss allowance;
equal to lifetime ECLs based on estimated loss rates for
each category of receivables. The estimated loss rates          •    We obtained an understanding of the key parameters
take into account the aged analysis of trade receivable              and assumptions of the expected credit losses model
balances, the repayment history of the Group’s customers             adopted by the management, including the basis of
of different risk characteristics, current market conditions,        segmentation of the trade receivable based on credit
and forward-looking information. Such assessment involves            risk characteristics of customers, the historical default
significant management judgement and estimation.                     data in management’s estimated loss rates, and
                                                                     related forward-looking information;
We identified the ECLs allowance for trade receivables as a
key audit matter because determining the level of the loss      •    We assessed whether items were correctly
allowance requires the exercise of significant management            categorised in the trade receivables ageing report by
judgement which is inherently subjective.                            comparing individual items therein with sales invoices
                                                                     and other relevant underlying documentation, on a
                                                                     sample basis;

                                                                •    We assessed the appropriateness of management’s
                                                                     estimates of loss allowance by examining the
                                                                     information used by management to derive such
                                                                     estimates, including assessing the reasonableness
                                                                     of management's use of the historical default data
                                                                     and evaluating whether the historical loss rates are
                                                                     appropriately adjusted based on current market
                                                                     conditions and forward-looking information; and

                                                                •    We re-performed the calculation of the loss
                                                                     allowance as at 31 December 2023 based on the
                                                                     Group’s credit loss allowance policies.




                                                                                China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                              Annual Report 2023         45
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




OTHER INFORMATION

The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all the information included in
the annual report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the
work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required
to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE
FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in
accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance
and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion. We report our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for
no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this
report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.




       China Hongguang Holdings Limited
46 Annual Report 2023
                                                                                INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued)

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
     fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
     sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
     resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional
     omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
     appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
     Group’s internal control.

•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
     related disclosures made by the directors.

•    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
     the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
     significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
     exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated
     financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the
     audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the
     Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
     disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in
     a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
     within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the
     direction, supervision and performance of the Group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing
of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during
our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence and, where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or
safeguards applied.




                                                                                  China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                                Annual Report 2023        47
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued)

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the
matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report
because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of
such communication.




CCTH CPA Limited
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong, 28 March 2024

Kenneth Yee Lai Chan
Practising certificate number: P02095

Unit 1510–1517, 15/F, Tower 2
Kowloon Commerce Centre
No. 51 Kwai Cheong Road
Kwai Chung, New Territories
Hong Kong




       China Hongguang Holdings Limited
48 Annual Report 2023
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                          (Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



                                                                                           2023                  2022
                                                                    NOTES               RMB’000               RMB’000

Revenue                                                               4                  217,142              208,656

Cost of sales                                                                           (153,379)             (143,485)


Gross profit                                                                              63,763               65,171

Other net income                                                      5                    2,067                 3,244
Sales and marketing expenses                                                                (500)                 (304)
General and administrative expenses                                                      (21,381)              (24,323)


Profit from operations                                                                    43,949               43,788

Finance costs                                                        6(a)                 (4,402)               (4,399)


Profit before income tax                                              6                   39,547               39,389

Income tax expense                                                   7(a)                 (3,819)               (4,829)


Profit for the year                                                                       35,728               34,560


Other comprehensive income/(loss):
Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
   Exchange differences on translation of financial statements
      of the Company                                                                       1,258                 2,321
   Fair value gain on:
   – Investment in equity instrument at fair value through
        other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”)                                              2,320                     –
Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
   Exchange differences on translation of financial statements of
      subsidiaries outside mainland China                                                 (1,310)               (2,691)


Other comprehensive loss for the year, net of tax                                          2,268                  (370)


Total comprehensive income for the year                                                   37,996               34,190


                                                                                            2023                 2022
                                                                                            RMB                  RMB

Earnings per share                                                   10

Basic                                                                                       0.08                  0.10
Diluted                                                                                     N/A                    N/A


The accompanying notes on pages 55 to 119 form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



                                                                            China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                          Annual Report 2023      49
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
At 31 December 2023
(Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



                                                        31 December   31 December
                                                               2023          2022
                                                NOTES       RMB’000       RMB’000

Non-current assets

Property, plant and equipment                    12          38,888        42,362
Right-of-use assets                              13           1,389         1,445
Equity instrument at fair value through other
  comprehensive income                           14          25,227             –
Deferred tax assets                             21(b)         3,531         3,106
Other receivables                                16             750           950


                                                             69,785        47,863


Current assets

Inventories                                      15         160,190       165,495
Trade and other receivables                      16         207,872       180,757
Cash and cash equivalents                       17(a)         1,167        13,268


                                                            369,229       359,520


Current liabilities

Trade and other payables                         18          28,308        38,849
Bank loans                                       19          62,400        61,500
Other borrowings                                 20          13,336        11,459
Income tax payable                              21(a)        10,121        13,639


                                                            114,165       125,447


Net current assets                                          255,064       234,073


Total assets less current liabilities                       324,849       281,936


Non-current liabilities

Other borrowings                                 20           3,556         8,284
Deferred revenue                                 22           3,376         4,336


                                                              6,932        12,620


NET ASSETS                                                  317,917       269,316




       China Hongguang Holdings Limited
50 Annual Report 2023
                                                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                                 At 31 December 2023
                                                                                          (Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



                                                                                   31 December           31 December
                                                                                          2023                  2022
                                                                   NOTES               RMB’000               RMB’000

EQUITY

Share capital                                                       23(b)                  4,114                3,564
Reserves                                                             23                  313,803              265,752


TOTAL EQUITY                                                                             317,917              269,316


The consolidated financial statements on pages 49 to 119 were approved and authorised for issue by the board of
directors on 28 March 2024 and are signed on its behalf by:

                                                       )
Wei Jiakun                                             )
                                                       )      Directors
Lin Weishan                                            )
                                                       )

The accompanying notes on pages 55 to 119 form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                            China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                          Annual Report 2023     51
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



                                                                                  Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                               PRC
                                                     Share       Share      Capital      statutory           Other        Exchange     Retained      Total
                                                    capital   premium      reserve         reserve         reserve          reserve    earnings     equity
                                          NOTE    RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000
                                                  (note 23)   (note 23)   (note 23)       (note 23)       (note 23)

Balance at 1 January 2022                            2,693      49,892        (202)          8,414               –             (764)    140,544    200,577

Changes in equity for 2022:

Profit for the year                                      –           –           –               –               –                –      34,560     34,560
Other comprehensive loss                                 –           –           –               –               –             (370)          –       (370)


Total comprehensive income                               –           –           –               –               –             (370)     34,560     34,190
Transferred to statutory reserve                         –           –           –           4,003               –                –      (4,003)         –
Issue of shares                           23(b)        871      33,986           –               –               –                –           –     34,857
Share issuing expenses                                   –        (308)          –               –               –                –           –       (308)


Balance at 31 December 2022
  and 1 January 2023                                 3,564      83,570        (202)         12,417               –           (1,134)    171,101    269,316

Changes in equity for 2023:

Profit for the year                                      –           –           –               –               –                –      35,728     35,728
Other comprehensive loss                                 –           –           –               –               –              (52)          –        (52)


Total comprehensive income                               –           –           –               –               –              (52)     35,728     35,676
Transferred to statutory reserve                         –           –           –           3,792               –                –      (3,792)         –
Fair value gain on equity instrument at
    FVTOCI                                               –           –           –               –           2,320                –           –      2,320
Issue of shares                           23(b)        550      10,127           –               –               –                –           –     10,677
Share issuing expenses                                   –         (72)          –               –               –                –           –        (72)


Balance at 31 December 2023                          4,114      93,625        (202)         16,209           2,320           (1,186)    203,037    317,917


The accompanying notes on pages 55 to 119 form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




            China Hongguang Holdings Limited
52 Annual Report 2023
                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                         (Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



                                                    2023                        2022
                                              RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000

Operating activities

Profit before income tax                       39,547                       39,389
Adjustments for:
  Depreciation of property, plant and
     equipment                                  9,726                        9,594
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets              56                           56
  Finance costs                                 4,402                        4,399
  Interest income                                 (12)                         (12)
  Government grants recognised
     in profit or loss                            (960)                       (960)
  Non-cash acquisition of equity instrument
     at FVTOCI                                 (22,907)                           –

Changes in working capital:
  Decrease/(Increase) in inventories             5,305                     (49,171)
  Increase in trade and other receivables      (26,915)                    (42,161)
  Decrease in trade and other payables         (10,593)                    (17,795)


Cash used in operations                         (2,351)                    (56,661)
Tax paid                                        (7,762)                       (310)


Net cash used in operating activities                       (10,113)                       (56,971)


Investing activities

Payment for purchase of property,
   plant and equipment                          (6,252)                       (902)
Interest received                                   12                          12


Net cash used in investing activities                        (6,240)                           (890)




                                                           China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                         Annual Report 2023     53
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



                                                                 2023                            2022
                                             NOTES         RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000

Financing activities

Proceeds from new bank loans                  17(b)           62,400                          58,000
Repayment of bank loans                       17(b)          (61,500)                        (39,000)
Proceeds from new other borrowings            17(b)           21,112                          31,137
Repayment of other borrowings                 17(b)          (23,963)                        (22,088)
Proceeds from issuance of shares              23(a)           10,677                          34,857
Share issuing expenses                                           (72)                           (308)
Interest paid                                 17(b)           (4,402)                         (4,399)


Net cash generated from financing
 activities                                                                    4,252                           58,199


Net (decrease)/increase in cash and
 cash equivalents                                                            (12,101)                             338

Cash and cash equivalents at
  1 January                                                                  13,268                            12,930


Cash and cash equivalents at
  31 December                                 17(a)                            1,167                           13,268


Analysis of cash and cash equivalents
  at the end of the year
Cash and bank balances                                                         1,167                           13,268


The accompanying notes on pages 55 to 119 form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
54 Annual Report 2023
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                            (Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



1   GENERAL INFORMATION

    China Hongguang Holdings Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 25 May 2017
    as an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands. The
    Company’s shares are listed on GEM (“GEM”) of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited from 13 January 2020.
    The Group, comprising the Company and its subsidiaries, are principally engaged in the manufacture and sales of
    architectural glass products in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”).

    The address of the registered office and principal place of business of the Company is Room 1202, 1204–06, 12th
    Floor, The Chinese Bank Building, 61 Des Voeux Road Central, Central, Hong Kong and Eastside of Middle of
    Rongchi Road, Xianqiao, Rongcheng, Jieyang, Guangdong, the PRC.

    The Company is an investment holding company and the principal activities of its subsidiaries are manufacturing
    and sales of architectural glass products in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”). Particulars of the Group’s
    subsidiaries are set out in note 26 to the consolidated financial statements.

    The directors consider the immediate holding company of the Company to be Ming Liang Global Limited (“Ming
    Liang Global”), which is incorporated in the British Virgin Islands.

    The entire issued share capital of Ming Liang Global is held by Wei Family Limited, which is in turn entirely held
    by IQ EQ (BVI) Limited, acting as the trustee of The Wei Family Trust. The Wei Family Trust is a discretionary trust
    established by the directors of the Company, Mr. Wei Jiakun, Ms. Lin Weishan (the spouse of Mr. Wei Jiakun), and
    Ms. Liu Rong (the mother of Mr. Wei Jiakun) as the settlors and the beneficiaries of The Wei Family Trust include
    Mr. Wei Jiakun, Ms. Lin Weishan, Ms. Liu Rong and certain family members of Mr. Wei Jiakun. Accordingly, the
    directors also consider that Mr. Wei Jiakun, Ms. Lin Weishan and Ms. Liu Rong, being collectively, are ultimate
    controlling parties of the Company.

2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION

    (a)   Statement of compliance

          These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial
          Reporting Standards (“HKFRS“), which collective term includes all applicable individual Hong Kong Financial
          Reporting Standards, Hong Kong Accounting Standards (“HKAS“) and Interpretations issued by the Hong
          Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA“) and accounting principles generally accepted in
          Hong Kong and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. These consolidated
          financial statements also comply with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of
          Securities on GEM of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“GEM Listing Rules“). Material accounting
          policy information adopted by the Group are disclosed below.

          The HKICPA has issued certain amendments to HKFRSs that are first effective for the current accounting
          period of the Group, details of which are set out in Note 2(c). None of these amendments to HKFRSs have
          had a material effect on the Group’s financial statements for the current or prior accounting periods.




                                                                              China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                            Annual Report 2023       55
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



2    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

     (b)   Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements

           The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023 include the financial statements
           of the Company and its subsidiaries.

           Items included in the consolidated financial statements of each entity in the Group are measured using the
           currency that best reflects the economic substance of the underlying events and circumstances relevant to
           the entity (the “Functional Currency”). The functional currency of the Company and certain subsidiaries
           incorporated outside Mainland China is HK$ and the functional currency of the subsidiaries established in
           Mainland China is RMB, which is the currency of the primary economic environment in which those entities
           operate. Each entity in the Group determines its own functional currency and items included in the financial
           statements of each entity are measured using that functional currency. Except for share and per share
           information, the consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”) rounded to the nearest
           thousands, which is the presentation currency.

           The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for equity
           instrument that is measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period.

           Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and
           services.

           Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
           transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly
           observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a
           liability, the Group takes into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would
           take those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value
           for disclosure purposes in these consolidated financial statements is determined on such a basis, except
           for share-based payment transactions that are within the scope of HKFRS 2 Share-based Payment, leasing
           transactions that are accounted for in accordance with HKFRS 16 Leases, and measurements that have some
           similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net realisable value in HKAS 2 Inventories or value in use
           in HKAS 36 Impairment of Assets.

           In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level 1, 2 or 3
           based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance
           of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:

           •     Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the
                 entity can access at the measurement date;

           •     Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the
                 asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and

           •     Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
56 Annual Report 2023
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                             (Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

    (b)   Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements (Continued)

          The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with HKFRSs requires management to
          make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts
          of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical
          experience and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results
          of which form the basis of making the judgements about carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not
          readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

          The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates
          are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the
          period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

          Judgements made by management in the application of HKFRSs that have significant effect on the
          consolidated financial statements and major sources of estimation uncertainty are discussed in note 3 to the
          consolidated financial statements.

    (c)   Application of amendments to Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRS”)

          (i)   New and amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year

                In the current year, the Group has applied the following new and revised HKFRSs issued by the Hong
                Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) for the first time, which are mandatorily
                effective for the Group’s annual period beginning on 1 January 2023 for the preparation of the
                consolidated financial statements:

                HKFRS 17 (including the October 2020        Insurance Contracts
                  and February 2022 Amendments to
                  HKFRS 17)
                Amendments to HKAS 8                        Definition of Accounting Estimates
                Amendments to HKAS 12                       Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from
                                                               a Single Transaction
                Amendments to HKAS 12                       International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules
                Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKFRS              Disclosure of Accounting Policies
                 Practice Statement 2

                Except as described below, the application of the new and amendments to HKFRSs in the current year
                has had no material impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior
                years and/or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                               China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                             Annual Report 2023       57
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



2    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

     (c)   Application of amendments to Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRS”) (Continued)

           (i)   New and amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year (Continued)

                 Impacts on application of Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKFRS Practice Statement 2 Disclosure of
                 Accounting Policies

                 The Group has applied the amendments for the first time in the current year. HKAS 1 Presentation of
                 Financial Statements is amended to replace all instances of the term “significant accounting policies”
                 with “material accounting policy information”. Accounting policy information is material if, when
                 considered together with other information included in an entity’s financial statements, it can reasonably
                 be expected to influence decisions that the primary users of general purpose financial statements make
                 on the basis of those financial statements.

                 The amendments also clarify that accounting policy information may be material because of the nature
                 of the related transactions, other events or conditions, even if the amounts are immaterial. However,
                 not all accounting policy information relating to material transactions, other events or conditions is itself
                 material. If an entity chooses to disclose immaterial accounting policy information, such information
                 must not obscure material accounting policy information.

                 HKFRS Practice Statement 2 Making Materiality Judgements (the “Practice Statement”) is also amended
                 to illustrate how an entity applies the “four-step materiality process” to accounting policy disclosures
                 and to judge whether information about an accounting policy is material to its financial statements.
                 Guidance and examples are added to the Practice Statement.

                 The application of the amendments has had no material impact on the Group’s financial positions and
                 performance but has affected the disclosure of the Group’s accounting policies set out in Note 2 to the
                 consolidated financial statements.




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
58 Annual Report 2023
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                                              (Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

    (c)   Application of amendments to Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRS”) (Continued)

          (ii)   New and amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective

                 The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to HKFRSs that have been issued
                 but are not yet effective:

                 Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28                                  Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor
                                                                                       and its Associate or Joint Venture2
                 Amendments to HKFRS 16                                              Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback1
                 Amendments to HKAS 1                                                Classification of Liabilities as Current or
                                                                                       Non-current and related amendments to
                                                                                       Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020)1
                 Amendments to HKAS 1                                                Non-current Liabilities with Covenants1
                 Amendments to HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7                                    Supplier Finance Arrangements1
                 Amendments to HKAS 21                                               Lack of Exchangeability3

                 1
                      Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024.
                 2
                      Effective for annual periods beginning or after a date to be determined.
                 3
                      Effective for annual periods beginning on or 1 January 2025.


                 The directors of the Company anticipate that the application of these new and amendments to HKFRSs,
                 which are not yet effective, will have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the
                 foreseeable future.

    (d)   Subsidiaries

          Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed, or has
          rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns
          through its power over the entity. When assessing whether the Group has power, only substantive rights (held
          by the Group and other parties) are considered.

          The results of a subsidiary is consolidated into the consolidated financial statements from the date that
          control commences until the date that control ceases. Intra-group balances, transactions and cash flows and
          any unrealised profits arising from intra-group transactions are eliminated in full in preparing the consolidated
          financial statements. Unrealised losses resulting from intra-group transactions are eliminated in the same way
          as unrealised gains but only to the extent that there is no evidence of impairment.

          Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for
          as equity transactions, whereby adjustments are made to the amounts of controlling and non-controlling
          interests within consolidated equity to reflect the change in relative interests, but no adjustments are made to
          goodwill and no gain or loss is recognised.




                                                                                                 China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                                               Annual Report 2023    59
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



2    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

     (d)   Subsidiaries (Continued)

           When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that
           subsidiary, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former
           subsidiary at the date when control is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair
           value on initial recognition of a financial asset or, when appropriate, the cost on initial recognition of an
           investment in an associate or joint venture.

           In the Company’s statement of financial position, investments in subsidiaries are stated at cost less any
           identified impairment losses (see note 2(i)), unless the investment is classified as held for sale (or included in a
           disposal group that is classified as held for sale).

     (e)   Business combinations or asset acquisitions

           Optional concentration test

           The Group can elect to apply an optional concentration test, on a transaction-by-transaction basis, that
           permits a simplified assessment of whether an acquired set of activities and assets is not a business. The
           concentration test is met if substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a
           single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets. The gross assets under assessment exclude cash
           and cash equivalents, deferred tax assets, and goodwill resulting from the effects of deferred tax liabilities. If
           the concentration test is met, the set of activities and assets is determined not to be a business and no further
           assessment is needed.

           Asset acquisitions

           When the Group acquires a group of assets and liabilities that do not constitute a business, the Group
           identifies and recognises the individual identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed by allocating the
           purchase price first to financial assets/financial liabilities at the respective fair values, the remaining balance of
           the purchase price is then allocated to the other identifiable assets and liabilities on the basis of their relative
           fair values at the date of purchase. Such a transaction does not give rise to goodwill or bargain purchase gain.

           Business combinations

           A business is an integrated set of activities and assets which includes an input and a substantive process
           that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. The acquired processes are considered
           substantive if they are critical to the ability to continue producing outputs, including an organised workforce
           with the necessary skills, knowledge, or experience to perform the related processes or they significantly
           contribute to the ability to continue producing outputs and are considered unique or scarce or cannot be
           replaced without significant cost, effort, or delay in the ability to continue producing outputs.




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
60 Annual Report 2023
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                              (Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

    (e)   Business combinations or asset acquisitions (Continued)

          Business combinations (Continued)

          Acquisitions of businesses, other than business combination under common control, are accounted for using
          the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in a business combination is measured at fair value,
          which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition-date fair values of the assets transferred by the Group,
          liabilities incurred by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the
          Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition-related costs are generally recognised in profit or
          loss as incurred.

          For business combinations in which the acquisition date is on or after 1 January 2022, the identifiable assets
          acquired and liabilities assumed must meet the definitions of an asset and a liability in the Conceptual
          Framework for Financial Reporting 2018 issued in June 2018 (the ”Conceptual Framework”) except for
          transactions and events within the scope of HKAS 37 or HK(IFRIC)-Int 21, in which the Group applies HKAS 37
          or HK(IFRIC)-Int 21 instead of the Conceptual Framework to identify the liabilities it has assumed in a business
          combination. Contingent assets are not recognised.

          At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognised at their fair
          value, except that:

          •    deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to employee benefit arrangements are
               recognised and measured in accordance with HKAS 12 Income Taxes and HKAS 19 Employee Benefits
               respectively;

          •    liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree or share-
               based payment arrangements of the Group entered into to replace share-based payment arrangements
               of the acquiree are measured in accordance with HKFRS 2 at the acquisition date (see the accounting
               policy below);

          •    assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with HKFRS 5 Non-current
               Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations are measured in accordance with that standard; and

          •    lease liabilities are recognised and measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments (as
               defined in HKFRS 16) as if the acquired leases were new leases at the acquisition date, except for leases
               for which (a) the lease term ends within 12 months of the acquisition date; or (b) the underlying asset is
               of low value. Right-of-use assets are recognised and measured at the same amount as the relevant lease
               liabilities, adjusted to reflect favourable or unfavourable terms of the lease when compared with market
               terms.




                                                                               China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                             Annual Report 2023        61
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



2    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

     (e)   Business combinations or asset acquisitions (Continued)

           Business combinations (Continued)

           Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-
           controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in
           the acquiree (if any) over the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed as
           at acquisition date. If, after reassessment, the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities
           assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interests in
           the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held interest in the acquiree (if any), the excess is
           recognised immediately in profit or loss as a bargain purchase gain.

           Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate
           share of the relevant subsidiary’s net assets in the event of liquidation are initially measured at the non-
           controlling interests’ proportionate share of the recognised amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets
           or at fair value. The choice of measurement basis is made on a transaction-by-transaction basis.

           When the consideration transferred by the Group in a business combination includes a contingent
           consideration arrangement, the contingent consideration is measured at its acquisition-date fair value and
           included as part of the consideration transferred in a business combination. Changes in the fair value of
           the contingent consideration that qualify as measurement period adjustments are adjusted retrospectively.
           Measurement period adjustments are adjustments that arise from additional information obtained during
           the “measurement period” (which cannot exceed one year from the acquisition date) about facts and
           circumstances that existed at the acquisition date.

           The subsequent accounting for the contingent consideration that do not qualify as measurement period
           adjustments depends on how the contingent consideration is classified. Contingent consideration that
           is classified as equity is not remeasured at subsequent reporting dates and its subsequent settlement is
           accounted for within equity. Contingent consideration that is classified as an asset or a liability is remeasured
           to fair value at subsequent reporting dates, with the corresponding gain or loss being recognised in profit or
           loss.

           When a business combination is achieved in stages, the Group’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree
           is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date (i.e. the date when the Group obtains control), and the
           resulting gain or loss, if any, is recognised in profit or loss or other comprehensive income, as appropriate.
           Amounts arising from interests in the acquiree prior to the acquisition date that have previously been
           recognised in other comprehensive income and measured under HKFRS 9 would be accounted for on the
           same basis as would be required if the Group had disposed directly of the previously held equity interest.

           If the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in which
           the combination occurs, the Group reports provisional amounts for the items for which the accounting is
           incomplete. Those provisional amounts are adjusted retrospectively during the measurement period (see
           above), and additional assets or liabilities are recognised, to reflect new information obtained about facts
           and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date that, if known, would have affected the amounts
           recognised at that date.




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
62 Annual Report 2023
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                            (Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

    (f)   Goodwill

          Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of acquisition of
          the business (see the accounting policy above) less accumulated impairment losses, if any.

          For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units
          (or group of cash-generating units) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination, which
          represent the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes and not
          larger than an operating segment.

          A cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for
          impairment annually or more frequently when there is indication that the unit may be impaired. For goodwill
          arising on an acquisition in a reporting period, the cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units)
          to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment before the end of that reporting period. If
          the recoverable amount is less than its carrying amount, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the
          carrying amount of any goodwill and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying
          amount of each asset in the unit (or group of cash-generating units).

          On disposal of the relevant cash-generating unit or any of the cash-generating unit within the group of cash-
          generating units, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the amount of profit
          or loss on disposal. When the Group disposes of an operation within the cash-generating unit (or a cash-
          generating unit within a group of cash-generating units), the amount of goodwill disposed of is measured on
          the basis of the relative values of the operation (or the cash-generating unit) disposed of and the portion of
          the cash-generating unit (or the group of cash-generating units) retained.




                                                                              China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                            Annual Report 2023       63
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



2    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

     (g)   Property, plant and equipment

           Property, plant and equipment, other than construction in progress, are stated in the consolidated statements
           of financial position at cost less accumulated depreciation and any identified impairment losses (see note 2(i)
           (ii)).

           The cost of self-constructed items of property, plant and equipment includes the cost of materials, direct
           labour, the initial estimate, where relevant, of the costs of dismantling and removing the items and restoring
           the site on which they are located, and an appropriate proportion of production overheads and borrowing
           costs (see note 2(w)).

           Gains or losses arising from the retirement or disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment are
           determined as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the item and are
           recognised in profit or loss on the date of retirement or disposal.

           Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost of items of property, plant and equipment (other than
           construction in progress), less their estimated residual value, if any, using the straight-line method over their
           estimated useful lives as follows:

           Plant and buildings                                                                       5–20 years
           Machinery and equipment                                                                   2–10 years
           Office and other equipment                                                                3–10 years
           Leasehold improvement                                                                     5 years

           Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of the item is
           allocated on a reasonable basis between the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Both the useful life
           of an asset and its residual value, if any, are reviewed annually.

           Construction in progress represents property, plant and equipment under construction and equipment
           pending installation, and is stated at cost less any identified impairment losses (see note 2(i)(ii)).

           Capitalisation of construction in progress costs ceases and the construction in progress is transferred to
           property, plant and equipment when substantially all of the activities necessary to prepare the assets for their
           intended use are completed.

           No depreciation is provided in respect of construction in progress until it is substantially completed and ready
           for its intended use.




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
64 Annual Report 2023
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                              (Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

    (h)   Leases

          At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or
          contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time
          in exchange for consideration. Control is conveyed where the customer has both the right to direct the use of
          the identified asset and to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from that use.

          As a lessee

          Where the contract contains lease component(s) and non-lease component(s), the Group has elected not
          to separate non-lease components and accounts for each lease component and any associated non-lease
          components as a single lease component for all leases.

          At the lease commencement date, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability, except for
          short-term leases of equipment that have a lease term of 12 months or less and leases of low-value assets.
          The lease payments associated with those leases which are not capitalised are recognised as an expense on a
          straight-line basis over the lease term.

          The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability
          adjusted for any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs
          incurred and an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying
          asset or the site on which it is located, less any lease incentives received.

          The right-of-use asset is subsequently depreciated using the straight-line method from the commencement
          date to the earlier of the end of the useful life of the right-of-use asset or the end of the lease term. The
          estimated useful lives of right-of-use assets are determined on the same basis as those of property, plant
          and equipment. In addition, the right-of-use asset is periodically reduced by impairment losses, if any, and
          adjusted for certain remeasurements of the lease liability.

          The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the
          commencement date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily
          determined, the Group’s incremental borrowing rate.




                                                                               China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                             Annual Report 2023        65
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



2    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

     (h)   Leases (Continued)

           As a lessee (Continued)

           Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise the following:

           –    fixed payments, including in-substance fixed payments;

           –    variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as
                at the commencement date;

           –    amounts expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee; and

           –    the exercise price under a purchase option that the Group is reasonably certain to exercise, lease
                payments in an optional renewal period if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise an extension
                option, and penalties for early termination of a lease unless the Group is reasonably certain not to
                terminate early.

           After initial recognition, the lease liability is measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.
           It is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in an index or
           rate, if there is a change in the Group’s estimate of the amount expected to be payable under a residual
           value guarantee, or if the Group changes its assessment of whether it will exercise a purchase, extension or
           termination option. When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made
           to the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the
           right-of-use asset has been reduced to zero.

           Changes in the basis for determining the future lease payments as a result of interest rate benchmark reform

           For changes in the basis for determining the future lease payments as a result of interest rate benchmark
           reform, the Group applies the practical expedient to remeasure the lease liabilities by discounting the revised
           lease payments using the unchanged discount rate and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related
           right-of-use assets. A lease modification is required by interest rate benchmark reform if, and only if, both of
           these conditions are met:

           •    the modification is necessary as a direct consequence of interest rate benchmark reform; and

           •    the new basis for determining the lease payments is economically equivalent to the previous basis (i.e.
                the basis immediately preceding the modification).




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
66 Annual Report 2023
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                                (Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

    (h)   Leases (Continued)

          As a lessee (Continued)

          Covid-19-related rent concessions

          In relation to rent concessions that occurred as a direct consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Group
          has elected to apply the practical expedient not to assess whether the change is a lease modification if all of
          the following conditions are met:

          •     the change in lease payments results in revised consideration for the lease that is substantially the same
                as, or less than, the consideration for the lease immediately preceding the change;

          •     any reduction in lease payments affects only payments originally due on or before 30 June 2022; and

          •     there is no substantive change to other terms and conditions of the lease.

          A lessee applying the practical expedient accounts for changes in lease payments resulting from rent
          concessions the same way it would account for the changes applying HKFRS 16 if the changes are not a
          lease modification. Forgiveness or waiver of lease payments are accounted for as variable lease payments.
          The related lease liabilities are adjusted to reflect the amounts forgiven or waived with a corresponding
          adjustment recognised in the profit or loss in the period in which the event occurs.

          As a lessor

          When the Group acts as a lessor, it determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease or
          an operating lease. A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all the risks and rewards
          incidental to the ownership of an underlying assets to the lessee. If this is not the case, the lease is classified as
          an operating lease.

          When a contract contains lease and non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the
          contract to each component on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. The rental income from operating
          leases is recognised in accordance with note 2(u)(ii).




                                                                                  China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                                Annual Report 2023         67
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



2    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

     (h)   Leases (Continued)

           Sale and leaseback transactions

           The Group applies the requirements of HKFRS 15 to assess whether sale and leaseback transaction constitutes
           a sale by the Group.

           The Group as a seller-lessee

           For a transfer that does not satisfy the requirements as a sale, the Group as a seller-lessee continues to
           recognise the assets and accounts for the transfer proceeds as other borrowings within the scope of HKFRS 9.

     (i)   Credit losses and impairment of assets

           (i)   Credit losses from financial instruments and contract assets

                 The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) on the following items:

                 –    financial assets measured at amortised cost (including cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables
                      and other receivables); and

                 –    contract assets as defined in HKFRS 15 (see note 2(k)).

                 Measurement of ECLs

                 ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the present
                 value of all expected cash shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the Group in
                 accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive).

                 The expected cash shortfalls are discounted using the following discount rates where the effect of
                 discounting is material:

                 –    fixed-rate financial assets, trade and other receivables and contract assets: effective interest rate
                      determined at initial recognition or an approximation thereof;

                 –    variable-rate financial assets: current effective interest rate.




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
68 Annual Report 2023
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                               (Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

    (i)   Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)

          (i)   Credit losses from financial instruments and contract assets (Continued)

                Measurement of ECLs (Continued)

                The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over which
                the Group is exposed to credit risk.

                In measuring ECLs, the Group takes into account reasonable and supportable information that is
                available without undue cost or effort. This includes information about past events, current conditions
                and forecasts of future economic conditions.

                ECLs are measured on either of the following bases:

                –     12-month ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from possible default events within
                      the 12 months after the reporting date; and

                –     lifetime ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from all possible default events over the
                      expected lives of the items to which the ECL model applies.

                Loss allowances for trade receivables and contract assets are always measured at an amount equal to
                lifetime ECLs. ECLs on these financial assets are estimated using a provision matrix based on the Group’s
                historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors and an assessment
                of both the current and forecast general economic conditions at the reporting date.

                For all other financial instruments, the Group recognises a loss allowance equal to 12-month ECLs unless
                there has been a significant increase in credit risk of the financial instrument since initial recognition, in
                which case the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.




                                                                                China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                              Annual Report 2023         69
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



2    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

     (i)   Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)

           (i)   Credit losses from financial instruments and contract assets (Continued)

                 Significant increase in credit risk

                 In assessing whether the credit risk of a financial instrument is increased significantly since initial
                 recognition, the Group compares the risk of default occurring on the financial instrument assessed at
                 the reporting date with that assessed at the date of initial recognition. In making this reassessment, the
                 Group considers that a default event occurs when (i) the borrower is unlikely to pay its credit obligations
                 to the Group in full, without recourse by the Group to actions such as realising security (if any is held);
                 or (ii) the financial asset is 90 days past due. The Group considers both quantitative and qualitative
                 information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking
                 information that is available without undue cost or effort.

                 In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has
                 increased significantly since initial recognition:

                 –     failure to make payments of principal or interest on their contractually due dates;

                 –     an actual or expected significant deterioration in a financial instrument’s external or internal credit
                       rating (if available);

                 –     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor; and

                 –     existing or forecast changes in the technological, market, economic or legal environment that have
                       a significant adverse effect on the debtor’s ability to meet its obligation to the Group.

                 Depending on the nature of the financial instruments, the assessment of a significant increase in credit
                 risk is performed on either an individual basis or a collective basis. When the assessment is performed
                 on a collective basis, the financial instruments are grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics,
                 such as past due status and credit risk ratings.

                 ECLs are remeasured at each reporting date to reflect changes in the financial instrument’s credit risk
                 since initial recognition. Any change in the ECL amount is recognised as an impairment gain or loss
                 in profit or loss. The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss for all financial instruments with a
                 corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account.




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
70 Annual Report 2023
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                              (Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

    (i)   Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)

          (i)   Credit losses from financial instruments and contract assets (Continued)

                Basis of calculation of interest income

                Interest income recognised in accordance with note 2(u)(iii) is calculated based on the gross carrying
                amount of the financial asset unless the financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income
                is calculated based on the amortised cost (i.e. the gross carrying amount less loss allowance) of the
                financial asset.

                Credit impairment

                At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether a financial asset is credit-impaired. A financial asset
                is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash
                flows of the financial asset have occurred.

                Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the following observable events:

                –    significant financial difficulties of the debtor;

                –    a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

                –    it becoming probable that the borrower will enter into bankruptcy or other financial
                     reorganisation;

                –    significant changes in the technological, market, economic or legal environment that have an
                     adverse effect on the debtor; or

                –    the disappearance of an active market for a security because of financial difficulties of the issuer.

                Write-off policy

                The gross carrying amount of a financial asset or contract asset is written off (either partially or in full)
                to the extent that there is no realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case when the Group
                determines that the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient
                cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the write-off.

                Subsequent recoveries of an asset that was previously written off are recognised as a reversal of
                impairment in profit or loss in the period in which the recovery occurs.




                                                                                China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                              Annual Report 2023        71
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



2    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

     (i)   Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)

           (ii)   Impairment of other non-current assets

                  Internal and external sources of information are reviewed at the end of each reporting period to identify
                  indications that the following assets may be impaired or, except in the case of goodwill, an impairment
                  loss previously recognised no longer exists or may have decreased:

                  –    property, plant and equipment;

                  –    right-of-use asset; and

                  –    investments in subsidiaries in the Company’s statement of financial position.

                  If any such indication exists, the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated.

                  –    Calculation of recoverable amount

                       The recoverable amount of an asset is the greater of its fair value less costs of disposal and value
                       in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present
                       value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of
                       money and the risks specific to the asset. Where an asset does not generate cash inflows largely
                       independent of those from other assets, the recoverable amount is determined for the smallest
                       group of assets that generates cash inflows independently (i.e. a cash-generating unit).

                  –    Recognition of impairment losses

                       An impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss if the carrying amount of an asset, or the cash-
                       generating unit to which it belongs, exceeds its recoverable amount. Impairment losses recognised
                       in respect of cash-generating units are allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any
                       goodwill allocated to the cash-generating unit (or group of units) and then, to reduce the carrying
                       amount of the other assets in the unit (or group of units) on a pro rata basis, except that the
                       carrying value of an asset will not be reduced below its individual fair value less costs of disposal (if
                       measurable) or value in use (if determinable).




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
72 Annual Report 2023
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                                (Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

    (i)   Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)

          (ii)   Impairment of other non-current assets (Continued)

                 –    Reversals of impairment losses

                      In respect of assets other than goodwill, an impairment loss is reversed if there has been a
                      favourable change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. An impairment
                      loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed.

                      A reversal of an impairment loss is limited to the asset’s carrying amount that would have been
                      determined had no impairment loss been recognised in prior years. Reversals of impairment losses
                      are credited to profit or loss in the year in which the reversals are recognised.

    (j)   Inventories

          Inventories are assets which are held for sale in the ordinary course of business, in the process of production
          for such sale or in the form of materials or supplies to be consumed in the production process or in the
          rendering of services.

          Inventories are carried at the lower of cost and net realisable value.

          Cost is calculated using the weighted average cost formula and comprises all costs of purchase, costs of
          conversion and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition.

          Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of
          completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

          When inventories are sold, the carrying amount of those inventories is recognised as an expense in the period
          in which the related revenue is recognised.

          The amount of any write-down of inventories to net realisable value and all losses of inventories are
          recognised as an expense in the period the write-down or loss occurs. The amount of any reversal of any
          write-down of inventories is recognised as a reduction in the amount of inventories recognised as an expense
          in the period in which the reversal occurs.




                                                                                   China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023    73
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



2    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

     (k)   Contract assets and contract liabilities

           A contract asset is recognised when the Group recognises revenue (see note 2(u)) before being
           unconditionally entitled to the consideration under the payment terms set out in the contract. Contract
           assets are assessed for expected credit losses (ECL) in accordance with the policy set out in note 2(i)(i) and are
           reclassified to receivables when the right to the consideration has become unconditional (see note 2(m)).

           A contract liability is recognised when the customer pays non-refundable consideration before the Group
           recognises the related revenue (see note 2(u)). A contract liability would also be recognised if the Group
           has an unconditional right to receive non-refundable consideration before the Group recognises the related
           revenue. In such cases, a corresponding receivable would also be recognised (see note 2(m)).

           For a single contract with the customer, either a net contract asset or a net contract liability is presented. For
           multiple contracts, contract assets and contract liabilities of unrelated contracts are not presented on a net
           basis.

     (l)   Financial instruments

           Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the contractual
           provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and
           derecognized on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets
           that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the market
           place.

           Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivables arising
           from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with HKFRS 15. Transaction costs
           that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than
           financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)) are added to or deducted
           from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition.
           Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL are
           recognised immediately in profit or loss.

           The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial
           liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest
           rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees and
           points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other
           premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability, or, where
           appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.

           The Group recognise the difference between the fair value at initial recognition and the transaction price
           as a gain or loss if that fair value is evidenced by a quoted price in an active market for an identical asset or
           liability (i.e. a Level 1 input) or based on a valuation technique that uses only data from observable market. In
           other circumstances, the Group recognise the difference between the fair value at initial recognition and the
           transaction price in other reserve.




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
74 Annual Report 2023
                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                              (Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

    (l)   Financial instruments (Continued)

          Financial assets

          Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets

          Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

          •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows;
                and

          •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
                interest on the principal amount outstanding.

          Debt instruments that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at fair value through other
          comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”):

          •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both selling and
                collecting contractual cash flows; and

          •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
                interest on the principal amount outstanding.

          All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except that at initial recognition of a financial
          asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in fair value of an equity investment in
          other comprehensive income if that equity investment is neither held for trading nor contingent consideration
          recognised by an acquirer in a business combination to which HKFRS 3 Business Combinations applies.

          A financial asset is held for trading if:

          •     it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or

          •     on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages
                together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or

          •     it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.

          In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that are required to be measured at the
          amortised cost or FVTOCI as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting
          mismatch.




                                                                                China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                              Annual Report 2023        75
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



2    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

     (I)   Financial instruments (Continued)

           Financial assets (Continued)

           Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (Continued)

           Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI

           Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair value with gains and losses
           arising from changes in fair value recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the other
           reserve; and are not subject to impairment assessment. The cumulative gain or loss will not be reclassified to
           profit or loss on disposal of the equity investments.

           Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss when the Group’s
           right to receive the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly represent a recovery of part of the
           cost of the investment. Dividends are included in the “other income” line item in profit or loss.

     (m) Trade and other receivables

           A receivable is recognised when the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration. A right
           to receive consideration is unconditional if only the passage of time is required before payment of that
           consideration is due. If revenue has been recognised before the Group has an unconditional right to receive
           consideration, the amount is presented as a contract asset (see note 2(k)).

           Receivables are stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method less allowance for credit losses (see
           note 2(i)(i)).

     (n)   Cash and cash equivalents

           Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand, demand deposits with banks and other
           financial institutions, and short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known
           amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, having been within three
           months of maturity at acquisition. Cash and cash equivalents are assessed for expected credit losses (ECL) in
           accordance with the policy set out in note 2(i)(i).

     (o)   Trade and other payables

           Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value, and are subsequently stated at amortised cost
           unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which case they are stated at cost.




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
76 Annual Report 2023
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                             (Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

    (p)   Interest-bearing borrowings

          Interest-bearing borrowings are measured initially at fair value less transaction costs. Subsequent to initial
          recognition, interest-bearing borrowings are stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method.
          Interest expense is recognised in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy for borrowing costs (see note
          2(w)).

    (q)   Employee benefits

          Salaries, annual bonuses, paid annual leave, contributions to defined contribution retirement plans and
          the cost of non-monetary benefits are accrued in the year in which the associated services are rendered by
          employees. Where payment or settlement is deferred and the effect would be material, these amounts are
          stated at their present values.

          The Group operates a defined contribution Mandatory Provident Fund retirement benefit scheme (the “MPF
          Scheme”) under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for those employees who are eligible
          to participate in the MPF Scheme. Contributions are made based on a percentage of the employees’ basic
          salaries and are charged to the profit or loss in respect of the period as they become payable in accordance
          with the rules of the MPF Scheme. The assets of the MPF Scheme are held separately from those of the Group
          in an independently administered fund. The Group’s employer contributions vest fully with the employees
          when contributed into the MPF Scheme.

          The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries which operate in the PRC are required to participate in a central
          pension scheme operated by the local municipal government. The subsidiaries are required to contribute
          certain percentages of their payroll costs to the central pension scheme. The contributions are charged to
          the profit or loss in respect of the period as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the central
          pension scheme.

    (r)   Research and development

          Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred. Expenditure
          on development activities is capitalised if the product or process is technically and commercially feasible and
          the Group has sufficient resources and the intention to complete development. The expenditure capitalised
          includes the costs of materials, direct labour, and an appropriate proportion of overheads and borrowing
          costs, where applicable. Capitalised development costs are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation and
          impairment losses. Other development expenditure is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is
          incurred.




                                                                               China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                             Annual Report 2023       77
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



2    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

     (s)   Income tax

           Income tax for the year comprises current tax and movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities. Current tax
           and movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that
           they relate to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case the relevant
           amounts of tax are recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.

           Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or
           substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of
           previous years.

           Deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from deductible and taxable temporary differences respectively, being
           the differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and
           their tax bases. Deferred tax assets also arise from unused tax losses and unused tax credits.

           Apart from certain limited exceptions, all deferred tax liabilities, and all deferred tax assets to the extent that it is
           probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the asset can be utilised, are recognised.
           Future taxable profits that may support the recognition of deferred tax assets arising from deductible
           temporary differences include those that will arise from the reversal of existing taxable temporary differences,
           provided those differences relate to the same taxation authority and the same taxable entity, and are
           expected to reverse either in the same period as the expected reversal of the deductible temporary difference
           or in periods into which a tax loss arising from the deferred tax asset can be carried back or forward. The
           same criteria are adopted when determining whether existing taxable temporary differences support the
           recognition of deferred tax assets arising from unused tax losses and credits, that is, those differences are
           taken into account if they relate to the same taxation authority and the same taxable entity, and are expected
           to reverse in a period, or periods, in which the tax loss or credit can be utilised.

           The amount of deferred tax recognised is measured based on the expected manner of realisation or
           settlement of the carrying amount of the assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted
           at the end of the reporting period. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not discounted.

           The carrying amount of a deferred tax asset is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and is reduced
           to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow the related
           tax benefit to be utilised. Any such reduction is reversed to the extent that it becomes probable that sufficient
           taxable profits will be available.




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
78 Annual Report 2023
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                                (Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

    (s)   Income tax (Continued)

          Current tax balances and deferred tax balances, and movements therein, are presented separately from each
          other and are not offset. Current tax assets are offset against current tax liabilities, and deferred tax assets
          against deferred tax liabilities, if the Company or the Group has the legally enforceable right to set off current
          tax assets against current tax liabilities and the following additional conditions are met:

          –    in the case of current tax assets and liabilities, the Company or the Group intends either to settle on a
               net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously; or

          –    in the case of deferred tax assets and liabilities, if they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation
               authority on either:

               –     the same taxable entity; or

               –     different taxable entities, which, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred
                     tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered, intend to realise the current tax assets
                     and settle the current tax liabilities on a net basis or realise and settle simultaneously.

    (t)   Provisions and contingent liabilities

          Provisions are recognised when the Group has a legal or constructive obligation arising as a result of a past
          event, it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a
          reliable estimate can be made. Where the time value of money is material, provisions are stated at the present
          value of the expenditure expected to settle the obligation.

          Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be
          estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of
          economic benefits is remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence
          or non-occurrence of one or more future events, are also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the
          probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.

    (u)   Revenue and other income

          Income is classified by the Group as revenue when it arises from the sale of goods, the provision of services or
          the use by others of the Group’s assets under leases in the ordinary course of the Group’s business.

          Revenue is recognised when control over a product or service is transferred to the customer, or the lessee
          has the right to use the asset, at the amount of promised consideration to which the Group is expected to be
          entitled, excluding those amounts collected on behalf of third parties. Revenue excludes value added tax or
          other sales taxes and is after deduction of any trade discounts.




                                                                                 China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                               Annual Report 2023          79
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



2    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

     (u)   Revenue and other income (Continued)

           Where the contract contains a financing component which provides a significant financing benefit to the
           customer for more than 12 months, revenue is measured at the present value of the amount receivable,
           discounted using the discount rate that would be reflected in a separate financing transaction with the
           customer, and interest income is accrued separately under the effective interest method. Where the contract
           contains a financing component which provides a significant financing benefit to the Group, revenue
           recognised under that contract includes the interest expense accreted on the contract liability under the
           effective interest method. The Group takes advantage of the practical expedient in paragraph 63 of HKFRS
           15 and does not adjust the consideration for any effects of a significant financing component if the period of
           financing is 12 months or less.

           Further details of the Group’s revenue and other income recognition policies are as follows:

           (i)    Sale of glass products

                  Revenue is recognised when the customer takes possession of and accepts the products. If the products
                  are a partial fulfilment of a contract covering other goods and/or services, then the amount of revenue
                  recognised is an appropriate proportion of the total transaction price under the contract, allocated
                  between all the control of goods and services transferred under the contract on a relative stand-alone
                  selling price basis.

           (ii)   Rental income from operating leases

                  Rental income receivable under operating leases is recognised in profit or loss in equal instalments
                  over the periods covered by the lease term, except where an alternative basis is more representative
                  of the pattern of benefits to be derived from the use of the leased asset. Lease incentives granted are
                  recognised in profit or loss as an integral part of the aggregate net lease payments receivable. Variable
                  lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as income in the accounting
                  period in which they are earned.

           (iii) Interest income

                  Interest income is recognised as it accrues under the effective interest method using the rate that
                  exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts through the expected life of the financial asset to the
                  gross carrying amount of the financial asset. For financial assets measured at amortised cost that are
                  not credit-impaired, the effective interest rate is applied to the gross carrying amount of the asset. For
                  credit-impaired financial assets, the effective interest rate is applied to the amortised cost (i.e. gross
                  carrying amount net of loss allowance) of the asset (see note 2(i)(i)).

           (iv) Government grants

                  Government grants are recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position initially when
                  there is reasonable assurance that they will be received and that the Group will comply with the
                  conditions attaching to them. Grants that compensate the Group for expenses incurred are recognised
                  as income in profit or loss on a systematic basis in the same periods in which the expenses are incurred.
                  Grants that compensate the Group for the cost of an asset are recognised initially as deferred income
                  and amortised as income in the profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the useful life of the related
                  asset.




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
80 Annual Report 2023
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                              (Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

    (v)   Translation of foreign currencies

          Foreign currency transactions during the year are translated at the foreign exchange rates ruling at the
          transaction dates. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the
          foreign exchange rates ruling at the end of the reporting period. Exchange gains and losses are recognised in
          profit or loss.

          Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are
          translated using the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction dates. The transaction date is the date on
          which the Group initially recognises such non-monetary assets or liabilities. Non-monetary assets and liabilities
          denominated in foreign currencies that are stated at fair value are translated using the foreign exchange rates
          ruling at the dates the fair value was measured.

          The results of foreign operations are translated into RMB at the exchange rates approximating the foreign
          exchange rates ruling at the dates of the transactions. Statement of financial position items are translated
          into RMB at the closing foreign exchange rates at the end of the reporting period. The resulting exchange
          differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated separately in equity in the
          exchange reserve.

          On disposal of a foreign operation, the cumulative amount of the exchange differences relating to that
          foreign operation is reclassified from equity to profit or loss when the profit or loss on disposal is recognised.

    (w) Borrowing costs

          Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which
          are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are
          added to the cost of those assets until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or
          sale.

          Any specific borrowing that remain outstanding after the related asset is ready for its intended use or
          sale is included in the general borrowing pool for calculation of capitalisation rate on general borrowings.
          Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on
          qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

          All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.




                                                                               China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                             Annual Report 2023        81
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



2    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

     (x)   Related parties

           (a)   A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person:

                 (i)     has control or joint control over the Group;

                 (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or

                 (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group’s parent.

           (b)   An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:

                 (i)     The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent,
                         subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).

                 (ii)    One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a
                         member of a group of which the other entity is a member).

                 (iii)   Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.

                 (iv)    One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity.

                 (v)     The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or
                         an entity related to the Group.

                 (vi)    The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a).

                 (vii)   A person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                         management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).

                 (viii) The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel
                        services to the Group or to the Group’s parent.

           Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be
           influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
82 Annual Report 2023
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                             (Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



2   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

    (y)   Segment reporting

          Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the consolidated financial
          statements, are identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Group’s chief operating
          decision maker ("CODM") being the most senior executive management for the purposes of allocating
          resources to, and assessing the performance of, the Group’s various lines of business and geographical
          locations.

          Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless the
          segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of products and
          services, the nature of production processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used to distribute
          the products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments
          which are not individually material may be aggregated if they share a majority of these criteria.

3   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION

    In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in note 2, the directors of the Company
    are required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
    that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical
    experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

    The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
    recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of
    the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

    (a)   Sources of estimation uncertainty

          Key sources of estimation uncertainty are as follows:

          (i)   Provision for expected credit losses of trade receivables

                The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade receivables. The provision matrix is
                based on management’s estimate of the lifetime expected credit losses to be incurred, which is
                estimated by taking into account the ageing of trade receivable balances, the repayment history of
                the Group’s individual customers, current market conditions and customer-specific conditions, all of
                which involve a significant degree of management judgement. The provision of ECLs is sensitive to
                changes in circumstances and of customer-specific conditions. The information about the ECLs and
                trade receivables are disclosed in notes 16 and 24(a). If the financial condition of the customers was to
                deteriorate, actual loss allowance would be higher than estimated.




                                                                               China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                             Annual Report 2023       83
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



3    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
     (Continued)

     (a)   Sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

           (ii)   Net realisable value of inventories

                  Net realisable value of inventories is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less
                  estimated costs of completion and distribution expenses. These estimates are based on the current
                  market condition and historical experience of selling products of similar nature. It could change
                  significantly as a result of competitor actions in response to changes in market conditions. Management
                  reassesses these estimations at the end of the reporting period to ensure inventories are recognised at
                  the lower of cost and net realisable value.

           (iii) Fair value measurement of equity instrument

                  As at 31 December 2023, certain of the Group’s equity instrument amounting to RMB25,227,000 (2022:
                  Nil) are measured at fair value with fair value being determined based on significant unobservable inputs
                  using valuation techniques. Judgement and estimation are required in establishing the relevant valuation
                  techniques and the relevant inputs thereof. Changes in assumptions relating to these factors could
                  result in material adjustments to the fair value of these instruments. See note 25 for further disclosures.

           (iv) Depreciation of property, plant and equipment

                  Property, plant and equipment are depreciated on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives
                  after taking into account their estimated residual values. The determination of the useful lives involves
                  management’s estimation. The Group assesses annually the useful lives of the property, plant and
                  equipment and if the expectation differs from the original estimate, such a difference may impact the
                  depreciation charges for the future years.

           (v)    Impairment of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets

                  Management of the Group determines on a regular basis whether there are any indications that the
                  property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets are impaired. Impairment loss for property, plant
                  and equipment and right-of-use assets are recognised when the carrying amounts of each of the assets
                  exceed their respective recoverable amounts, which are determined based on the higher of fair value
                  less costs of disposal and value in use. The fair values of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use
                  assets are estimated by reference to their expected selling prices which are affected by various factors,
                  including market conditions and the technological occurrence. The value in use calculation requires the
                  use of estimates such as the future revenue and discount rates. If the recoverable amounts of property,
                  plant and equipment and right-of-use assets are estimated to be less than their respective carrying
                  amounts, the carrying amount of the asset is reduced to its recoverable amount and an impairment
                  loss is recognised in profit or loss in respect of the period. As at 31 December 2023, the carrying
                  amounts of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets are approximately RMB38,888,000
                  (2022: RMB42,362,000) and RMB1,389,000 (2022: RMB1,445,000) respectively. No impairment loss of
                  property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets has been recognised in respect of the current and
                  prior years.




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
84 Annual Report 2023
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                            (Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



3   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
    (Continued)

    (b)   Critical accounting judgements in applying the Group’s accounting policies

          In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the following accounting
          judgement:

          (i)   Recognition of income taxes and deferred tax assets

                Determining income tax provision involves judgement on the future tax treatment of certain
                transactions. Management evaluates tax implications of transactions and tax provisions are set up
                accordingly. The tax treatments of such transactions are reconsidered periodically to take into account
                all changes in tax legislation. Deferred tax assets are recognised in respect of deductible temporary
                differences. As those deferred tax assets can only be recognised to the extent that it is probable
                that future taxable profits will be available against which the deductible temporary differences can
                be utilized, management’s judgement is required to assess the probability of future taxable profits.
                Management’s assessment is revised as necessary and additional deferred tax assets are recognised if it
                becomes probable that future taxable profits will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered.

4   REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING

    (a)   Revenue

          The Group derives all its revenue from the sales of glass products in the PRC.

          Revenue represents the sales value of goods sold to customers.

          (i)   Disaggregation of revenue

                Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by major products lines is as follows:

                                                                                              2023                  2022
                                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000

                Revenue from contracts with customers within the scope
                  of HKFRS 15

                Disaggregated by major products lines
                – Sales of energy-efficient safety glass products                          216,085               205,782
                – Sales of smart glass products                                              1,057                 2,874


                                                                                           217,142               208,656


                All revenue was recognised at point in time under HKFRS 15.




                                                                              China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                            Annual Report 2023      85
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



4    REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING (Continued)

     (a)   Revenue (Continued)

           (i)    Disaggregation of revenue (Continued)

                  Revenue from the sales of glass products to customers in the PRC contributing 10% or more of the total
                  revenue of the Group are as follows:

                                                                                                             2023                       2022
                                                                                                          RMB’000                    RMB’000

                  Customer A                                                                                   N/A1                    25,330
                  Customer B                                                                                 44,922                         –


                  Note:


                  1.      The corresponding revenue did not contribute over 10% of the total revenue of the Group for the year ended 31 December
                          2023.


           (ii)   Performance obligations for contracts with customers

                  The Group sells glass products directly to customers. Revenue is recognised when control of the glass
                  products has transferred, being when the goods have been transported to the customer's specific
                  location. Transportation and handling activities that occur before customers obtain control are
                  considered as fulfilment activities. The group has not provided any warranty, obligations for returns and
                  refunds for sales of glass products. The normal credit term is 60 to 180 days upon delivery.

           (iii) Revenue expected to be recognised in the future arising from contracts with customers in
                 existence at the reporting date

                  The Group has applied the practical expedient in paragraph 121 of HKFRS 15 to its sales contracts for
                  glass products such that the Group does not disclose information about revenue that the Group will be
                  entitled to when it satisfied the remaining performance obligations under the contracts for sales of glass
                  products that had an original expected duration of one year or less.

     (b)   Segment reporting

           HKFRS 8, Operating Segments, requires identification and disclosure of operating segment information based
           on internal financial reports that are regularly reviewed by the Group’s CODM for the purpose of resources
           allocation and performance assessment. On this basis, the Group has determined that it only has one
           operating segment which is the sale of glass products.

     (c)   Geographical information

           The Group is located in the PRC and all of the Group’s revenue is generated from contracts with customers in
           the PRC based on the place of establishment of the customers, and all of the Group’s non-current assets are
           located in the PRC. Thus, no geographical information is presented.



      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
86 Annual Report 2023
                                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                                                (Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



5   OTHER NET INCOME

                                                                                                                   2023                        2022
                                                                                                                RMB’000                     RMB’000

    Interest income                                                                                                    12                          12
    Government grants (note)                                                                                        1,717                       2,901
    Rentals from operating leases                                                                                     314                         314
    Others                                                                                                             24                          17


                                                                                                                    2,067                       3,244


    Note: Government grants mainly includes: (a) government grants of which their conditions have been fulfilled by the Group up to end of the
          reporting periods; (b) deferred revenue recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the useful lives of the assets relative to the
          government grants received.


6   PROFIT BEFORE INCOME TAX

    Profit before taxation is arrived at after charging:

    (a)   Finance costs

                                                                                                                   2023                        2022
                                                                                                                RMB’000                     RMB’000

          Interest on bank loans                                                                                    2,629                       1,756
          Interest on other borrowings                                                                              1,773                       2,643


          Total interest expenses on financial liabilities not at fair value
            through profit or loss                                                                                  4,402                       4,399


    (b)   Staff costs

                                                                                                                   2023                        2022
                                                                                                                RMB’000                     RMB’000

          Contributions to defined contribution retirement plan (note)                                              1,082                       1,015
          Salaries, wages and other benefits                                                                        4,989                       4,307


          Total staff costs (including directors’ emoluments (note 8))                                              6,071                       5,322


          Note: Employees of the Group’s PRC subsidiary are required to participate in a defined contribution retirement scheme administered
                 and operated by the local municipal government. The Group’s PRC subsidiary contributes funds which are calculated on certain
                 percentages of the average employee salary as agreed by the local municipal government to the scheme to fund the retirement
                 benefits of the employees.


                 The Group has no other material obligation for the payment of retirement benefits associated with the scheme beyond the annual
                 contributions described above.




                                                                                                China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2023                  87
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



6    PROFIT BEFORE INCOME TAX (Continued)

     (c)   Other items

                                                                                                            2023                      2022
                                                                                                         RMB’000                   RMB’000

           Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                      9,726                    9,594
           Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                   56                       56
           Impairment losses on trade and other receivable recognised                                         1,988                    4,301
           Auditor’s remuneration
             – Audit services                                                                                 930                       850
             – Non-audit services                                                                               –                       693
           Research and development costs (note)                                                           11,450                    11,009
           Cost of inventories (note 15)                                                                  153,379                   143,485

           Note: Research and development costs included staff costs of RMB757,000 and RMB606,000, and depreciation of RMB3,838,000 and
                 RMB3,543,000, for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, which are also included in the respective total amounts disclosed
                 separately above or in note 6(b).


7    INCOME TAX EXPENSE

     (a)   Income tax expense in the consolidated statement of profit or loss represents:

                                                                                                            2023                      2022
                                                                                                         RMB’000                   RMB’000

           Current tax

           Provision for PRC income tax for the year                                                          5,427                    5,712
           Over-provision for PRC income tax in prior years                                                  (1,183)                    (382)


                                                                                                              4,244                    5,330


           Deferred tax

           Reversal of temporary differences (note 21(b))                                                      (425)                     (501)


                                                                                                               (425)                     (501)


                                                                                                              3,819                    4,829




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
88 Annual Report 2023
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                             (Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



7   INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Continued)

    (b)   The income tax expense can be reconciled to the profit before taxation per the consolidated statement of
          profit or loss and other comprehensive income as follows:

                                                                                              2023                 2022
                                                                      NOTES                RMB’000              RMB’000

          Profit before income tax                                                           35,547                39,389


          Notional tax on profit before taxation, calculated at
            the rates applicable to profits in the jurisdiction
            concerned                                                                        10,417                11,195
          Tax effect of non-deductible expenses                                               1,508                 1,093
          Tax effect of preferential tax rate                           (iii)                (3,618)               (3,808)
          Additional deduction for qualified research and
            development expenses                                        (iv)                  (2,898)              (2,788)
          Tax effect of temporary difference                                                    (425)                (501)
          Tax effect of tax loss not allowable                                                    18                   20
          Tax over-provision in prior years                                                   (1,183)                (382)


          Income tax expense                                                                  3,819                 4,829


          (i)     Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Cayman Islands and the British Virgin Islands, the Group is
                  not subject to any income tax in the Cayman Islands and the British Virgin Islands.

          (ii)    No provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax was made for the subsidiary incorporated in Hong Kong as the
                  subsidiary did not have income subject to Hong Kong Profits Tax during the reporting period.

          (iii)   The PRC subsidiary, Jieyang Hongguang Coated Glass Co., Ltd. (“Hongguang Glass”) is subject to
                  the PRC statutory income tax rate of 25%. Hongguang Glass was accredited as a “High and New
                  Technology Enterprise” in October 2014 and renewed its certificate for every three years which it is
                  entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15% pursuant to the current applicable Corporate Income
                  Tax (“CIT”) Law and its regulations. In December 2023, the Company renewed its certificate for another
                  three years from December 2023 to December 2026.

          (iv)    Under the CIT Law of the PRC and its relevant regulation, an additional 100% (2022: 100%) tax
                  deduction is allowed for qualified research and development expenses actually incurred.




                                                                                China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                              Annual Report 2023     89
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



8    DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS
     Directors’ emoluments disclosed pursuant to section 383(1) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of
     the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation are as follows:

     For the year ended 31 December 2023

                                                                          Salaries,    Contributions
                                                                       allowances      to retirement
                                                       Directors’     and benefits            benefit
                                                            fees           in kind          schemes            Total
                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000

     Executive directors
     Ms. Lin Weishan                                             –               96                21              117
     Mr. Wei Jiakun                                              –              144                32              176
     Mr. Chen Biming                                             –               78                17               95
     Ms. Li Wanna                                                –               66                15               81

     Independent non-executive directors
     Ms. Chen Xiuyan                                          108                 –                 –              108
     Mr. Jia Xiaogang                                         108                 –                 –              108
     Mr. Wu Yong                                              108                 –                 –              108

                                                              324               384                85              793

     For the year ended 31 December 2022

                                                                           Salaries,    Contributions
                                                                        allowances      to retirement
                                                        Directors’     and benefits            benefit
                                                              fees          in kind          schemes            Total
                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000

     Executive directors
     Ms. Lin Weishan                                             –               96                21              117
     Mr. Wei Jiakun                                              –              144                32              176
     Mr. Chen Biming                                             –               60                13               73
     Ms. Li Wanna                                                –               60                13               73

     Independent non-executive directors
     Ms. Chen Xiuyan                                          104                 –                 –              104
     Mr. Jia Xiaogang                                         104                 –                 –              104
     Mr. Wu Yong                                              104                 –                 –              104

                                                              312               360                79              751

     Ms. Chen Xiuyan, Mr. Jia Xiaogang and Mr. Wu Yong were appointed as independent non-executive directors of
     the Company in January 2020.

     No directors of the Company waived or agreed to waive any remuneration during the year (2022: nil).

     During the year, there was no amount paid or payable by the Group to the directors or any of the five highest paid
     individuals set out in note 9 below as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss
     of office.



      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
90 Annual Report 2023
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                          (Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



9   INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS

    The five individuals with the highest emoluments, three (2022: three) are directors whose emoluments are disclosed
    in note 8. The aggregate of the emoluments in respect of the other two (2022: two) highest employees (other than
    directors) are as follows:

                                                                                          2023                 2022
                                                                                       RMB’000              RMB’000

    Salaries and other emoluments                                                            192                  192
    Retirement scheme contributions                                                           43                   43


                                                                                             235                  235


    The emoluments of the two (2022: two) individuals with the highest emoluments are within the following bands:

                                                                                           2023                  2022
                                                                                     Number of             Number of
                                                                                     individuals           individuals

    HK$Nil – HK$1,000,000                                                                      2                    2


10 EARNINGS PER SHARE

    (a)   Basic earnings per share

          The calculation of the basic earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company is based on the
          following data:

                                                                                          2023                 2022
                                                                                       RMB’000              RMB’000

          Earnings
          Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company                      35,728               34,560


                                                                                           2023                 2022
                                                                                           ’000                 ’000

          Number of shares
          Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the
           year                                                                         431,049              333,362


    (b)   Diluted earnings per share

          No diluted earnings per share for both of the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 is presented as there
          were no potential ordinary shares in issue for both of the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022.

11 DIVIDENDS

    The directors of the Company do not recommend any payment of a dividend in respect of the year ended 31
    December 2023 (2022: Nil).


                                                                           China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                         Annual Report 2023      91
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



12 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                   Machinery    Office and
                                         Leasehold    Plant and          and         other   Construction
                                      improvement     buildings    equipment    equipment     in progress       Total
                                           RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000

     Cost:

     At 1 January 2022                           –        7,128        89,317        5,826          3,211      105,482
     Additions                                   –            –            32          870              –          902
     Transfer                                3,211            –             –            –         (3,211)           –

     At 31 December 2022 and
        1 January 2023                       3,211        7,128        89,349        6,696              –      106,384


     Additions                                 57             –         6,195            –              –        6,252
     Transfers                                  –             –             –            –              –            –

     At 31 December 2023                     3,268        7,128        95,544        6,696              –      112,636


     Accumulated depreciation:

     At 1 January 2022                          –         5,813        44,034        4,581              –       54,428
     Charge for the year                      612           187         8,464          331              –        9,594

     At 31 December 2022 and
        1 January 2023                        612         6,000        52,498        4,912              –       64,022


     Charge for the year                      620          187          8,719          200              –        9,726

     At 31 December 2023                     1,232        6,187        61,217        5,112              –       73,748


     Net book value:

     At 31 December 2023                     2,036         941         34,327        1,584              –       38,888


     At 31 December 2022                     2,599        1,128        36,851        1,784              –       42,362

     The Group’s property, plant and equipment are all located in the PRC.

     Property, plant and equipment with net book value of RMB87,000 (2022: RMB87,000) were pledged as security for
     bank loans amounting to RMB37,200,000 (2022: RMB37,200,000) as at 31 December 2023.

     At the end of the reporting period, property, plant and equipment with net book value of RMB30,500,000 (2022:
     33,700,000) were held by the Group under sale and leaseback arrangement (Note 20).

     The Group has not obtained property ownership certificates for certain plant and buildings with net book value of
     RMB101,000 (2022: RMB101,000) as at 31 December 2023.




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
92 Annual Report 2023
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                           (Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



13 RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

                                                                                                        Land use right
                                                                                                             RMB’000

   Cost:

   At 1 January 2022, 31 December 2022, 1 January 2023 and 31 December 2023                                      4,058


   Accumulated depreciation:

   At 1 January 2022                                                                                             2,557
   Charge for the year                                                                                              56


   At 31 December 2022                                                                                           2,613


   At 1 January 2023                                                                                             2,613
   Charge for the year                                                                                              56


   At 31 December 2023                                                                                           2,669


   Net book value:

   At 31 December 2023                                                                                           1,389


   At 31 December 2022                                                                                           1,445


   Right-of-use assets represent costs for obtaining the right to use PRC leasehold land for 22–50 years.

   The Group has not obtained title owner certificates for land use rights with net book value of RMB957,000 (2022:
   RMB996,000) as at 31 December 2023.




                                                                            China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                          Annual Report 2023      93
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



14 EQUITY INSTRUMENT AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE
   INCOME

                                                                                                                     2023                        2022
                                                                                                                  RMB’000                     RMB’000

     Unlisted:
     Equity investment (note)                                                                                          25,227                           –


     Note: The above unlisted equity investment represent the Group’s equity interest in a private entity established in the PRC. The directors of the
            Company have elected to designate this investment in equity instrument as at fair value through other comprehensive income as they believe
            that recognising short-term fluctuations in the investments’ fair value in profit or loss would not be consistent with the Group’s strategy of
            holding this investment for long term purposes and realising its performance potential in the long run.


15 INVENTORIES

                                                                                                                     2023                        2022
                                                                                                                  RMB’000                     RMB’000

     Inventories

     Glass manufacturing
     – Raw materials                                                                                                   30,741                   39,021
     – Finished goods                                                                                                 129,449                  126,474


                                                                                                                      160,190                  165,495


     An analysis of the amount of inventories recognised as an expense and included in consolidated statement of profit
     or loss is as follows:

                                                                                                                     2023                        2022
                                                                                                                  RMB’000                     RMB’000

     Carrying amounts of inventories sold                                                                             153,379                  143,485
     Cost of inventories directly recognised as research and
       development expenses                                                                                             6,278                     6,543


                                                                                                                      159,657                  150,028




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
94 Annual Report 2023
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                          (Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



16 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                   31 December           31 December
                                                                                          2023                  2022
                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000

   Trade debtors, gross amount                                                           136,918              139,479
   Less: Loss allowance recognised                                                       (17,396)             (13,603)


   Trade receivables measured at amortised cost                                          119,522              125,876
   Deposits and prepayments                                                               89,100               55,831


                                                                                         208,622              181,707


                                                                                   31 December           31 December
                                                                                          2023                  2022
                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000

   Analysis for reporting purpose:
   Classified under:
   – Current assets                                                                      207,872              180,757
   – Non-current assets                                                                      750                  950


                                                                                         208,622              181,707


   Aged analysis

   As of the end of the reporting period, the aged analysis of trade receivables, based on the invoice date and net of
   loss allowance, is as follows:

                                                                                   31 December           31 December
                                                                                          2023                  2022
                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000

   Within 3 months                                                                        89,913               66,805
   3 to 6 months                                                                           5,379               31,577
   6 to 12 months                                                                          9,262               19,985
   Over 1 year                                                                            14,968                7,509


                                                                                         119,522              125,876


   Further details on the Group’s credit policy and credit risk arising from trade and other receivables are set out in
   note 24(a).




                                                                            China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                          Annual Report 2023      95
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



17 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION

     (a)   Cash and cash equivalents comprise

                                                                                            31 December         31 December
                                                                                                   2023                2022
                                                                                                RMB’000             RMB’000

           Cash at banks and on hand                                                              1,167                13,268

           The RMB is not freely convertible into other currencies. However, under Mainland China’s Foreign Exchange
           Control Regulations and Administration of Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations,
           the Group is permitted to exchange RMB for other currencies through banks authorised to conduct foreign
           exchange business. The remittance of funds out of Mainland China is subject to exchange restrictions imposed
           by the PRC government.

           Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates.

           The carrying amounts of the cash and cash equivalents approximate to their fair values.

     (b)   Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities

           The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities from financing activities, including both cash and
           non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are liabilities for which cash flows were, or future
           cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing
           activities.

                                                                                Other              Interest
                                                         Bank loans        borrowings             payables            Total
                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000              RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                          (note 19)          (note 20)

           At 31 December 2022 and
             1 January 2023                                   61,500             19,743                   –            81,243

           Changes from financing cash flows:

           Proceeds from new loans                             62,400            21,112                   –            83,512
           Repayment of loans                                 (61,500)          (23,963)                  –           (85,463)
           Interest paid                                            –                 –              (4,402)           (4,402)

           Total changes from financing cash
             flows                                                900             (2,851)            (4,402)           (6,353)

           Other change:

           Interest expenses (note 6(a))                             –                  –            4,402              4,402

           Total other change                                        –                  –            4,402              4,402


           At 31 December 2023                                62,400             16,892                   –            79,292




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
96 Annual Report 2023
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                        (Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



17 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION
   (Continued)

   (b)   Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities (Continued)

                                                                           Other          Interest
                                                     Bank loans       borrowings         payables            Total
                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                      (note 19)         (note 20)

         At 31 December 2021 and
           1 January 2022                                42,500           10,694                 –           53,194


         Changes from financing cash flows:

         Proceeds from new loans                         58,000           31,137                –            89,137
         Repayment of loans                             (39,000)         (22,088)               –           (61,088)
         Interest paid                                        –                –           (4,399)           (4,399)


         Total changes from financing cash
           flows                                         19,000            9,049           (4,399)           23,650


         Other change:

         Interest expenses (note 6(a))                         –                –           4,399             4,399


         Total other change                                    –                –           4,399             4,399


         At 31 December 2022                             61,500           19,743                 –           81,243




                                                                          China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                        Annual Report 2023     97
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



18 TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                      31 December            31 December
                                                                                             2023                   2022
                                                                                          RMB’000                RMB’000

     Trade payables                                                                            2,147                14,169
     Other payables and accruals                                                              26,161                24,680


     Trade and other payables measured at amortised cost                                      28,308                38,849


     All trade and other payables are expected to be settled within one year.

     As of the end of the reporting period, the aged analysis of trade payables, based on the invoice date, is as follows:

                                                                                      31 December            31 December
                                                                                             2023                   2022
                                                                                          RMB’000                RMB’000

     Within 1 month                                                                                –                12,545
     1 to 3 months                                                                                87                   211
     Over 3 months                                                                             2,060                 1,413


                                                                                               2,147                14,169


19 BANK LOANS

                                                                                      31 December            31 December
                                                                                             2023                   2022
                                                                                          RMB’000                RMB’000

     Secured bank loans repayable:
       – Within 1 year or on demand                                                           62,400                61,500




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
98 Annual Report 2023
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                     (Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



19 BANK LOANS (Continued)

                                                                             31 December           31 December
                                                                                    2023                  2022
                                                                                 RMB’000               RMB’000

   Analysis for reporting purposes:

   Classified under:
     – Current liabilities                                                          62,400                61,500


   The bank loans were secured by the guarantees given by Ms. Lin Weishan, Mr. Wei Jiakun and Ms. Liu Rong (the
   “Guarantors”). These individuals are shareholders of the Company’s immediate holding company, Ming Liang
   Global Limited. Ms. Lin Weishan and Mr. Wei Jiakun are also directors of the Company.

   In addition to the above, the bank loans amounted to RMB37,200,000 (2022: RMB37,200,000) as at 31 December
   2023 were secured by the Group’s property, plant and equipment (see note 12).

   As at 31 December 2023, the bank loans carried interest at interest rates ranged 3.30%–5.30% (2022: 3.70%–
   6.40%) per annum.

20 OTHER BORROWINGS

                                                                             31 December           31 December
                                                                                    2023                  2022
                                                                                 RMB’000               RMB’000

   Secured other borrowings repayable:
     – Within 1 year or on demand                                                   13,336                11,459
     – Over 1 year and not more than 2 years                                         3,556                 8,284


                                                                                    16,892                19,743




                                                                       China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                     Annual Report 2023     99
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



20 OTHER BORROWINGS (Continued)

                                                                                  31 December           31 December
                                                                                         2023                  2022
                                                                                      RMB’000               RMB’000

     Analysis for financial reporting purpose:

     Classified under:
       – Current liabilities                                                             13,336               11,459
       – Non-current liabilities                                                          3,556                8,284


                                                                                         16,892               19,743


     During the year, the Group entered into certain agreements with third parties, pursuant to which the Group
     disposed of its machineries to these third parties for an aggregate consideration of RMB21,112,000 (2022:
     RMB31,137,001), and thereafter leases back such machineries for a period of 2 years with the options granted
     to the Group to repurchase these machineries at nominal considerations at the end of the lease periods. Ms. Lin
     Weishan, Mr. Wei Jiakun, Ms. Liu Rong (Note 19) have given guarantee for the Group’s obligations under the
     agreement for both years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 and a related company controlled by Mr. Wei Jiakun
     and Ms. Liu Rong have given guarantees for the Group’s obligations under the agreements for the year ended
     31 December 2023. In this connection, rentals payment for the lease of the machineries amounted to a total of
     RMB15,641,000 (2022: RMB16,717,000) were paid by the Group in respect of the current year under review.

     Management is of the view that the transfer of the machineries under the above agreements does not satisfy the
     requirements as a sale of assets under HKFRS 15, accordingly the Group as a seller-lessee continues to recognise
     the assets and accounts for the transfer proceeds as other borrowings and monthly rental paid by the Group are
     recognised as repayment of other borrowings and interest thereon.

     On initial recognition and at the end of the reporting period, the other borrowings are carried at the effective
     interest rates of 4%–12% per annum.

21 INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

     (a)   Income tax payable presented in the consolidated statement of financial position represents:

                                                                                  31 December           31 December
                                                                                         2023                  2022
                                                                                      RMB’000               RMB’000

           Balance at 1 January                                                          13,639                8,619
           Provision for current income tax for the year (note 7(a))                      5,427                5,712
           Over provision for income tax in prior years                                  (1,183)                (382)
           Payment made during the year                                                  (7,762)                (310)


           Balance at 31 December                                                        10,121               13,639




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
100 Annual Report 2023
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                           (Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



21 INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
   (Continued)

   (b)   Deferred tax assets recognised

         (i)    Movement of each component of deferred tax assets

                The components of deferred tax assets recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position
                and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                            Deferred tax assets attributable to
                                                                        Accruals and         Deferred
                Deferred tax arising from:                                provisions         revenue           Total
                                                                            RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000

                At 1 January 2022                                             1,810               795             2,605
                Credited/(charged) to profit or loss                            645              (144)              501


                At 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023                        2,455               651             3,106
                Credited/(charged) to profit or loss (note 7(a))                569              (144)              425


                At 31 December 2023                                           3,024              507              3,531


         (ii)   Reconciliation to the consolidated statement of financial position

                                                                                       31 December       31 December
                                                                                              2023              2022
                                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000

                Net deferred tax asset recognised in the consolidated
                  statement of financial position                                            3,531                3,106
                Net deferred tax liability recognised in the consolidated
                  statement of financial position                                                –                    –


                                                                                             3,531                3,106




                                                                             China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                           Annual Report 2023     101
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



21 INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
     (Continued)

     (c)   Deferred tax liabilities not recognised

           The new CIT Law and its relevant regulations impose a withholding tax at 10%, unless reduced by a tax
           treaty/arrangement, for dividend distributions out of earnings of PRC enterprises accumulated beginning on 1
           January 2008. Undistributed earnings generated prior to 1 January 2008 are exempted from such withholding
           tax. The Group has not recognised deferred tax liabilities in respect of the undistributed earnings of
           approximately RMB249,948,000 as at 31 December 2023 (2022: RMB212,027,000) as the Company controls
           the dividend policy of these subsidiaries and it has been determined that it is probable that these profits will
           not be distributed in the foreseeable future.

22 DEFERRED REVENUE

                                                                                      31 December            31 December
                                                                                             2023                   2022
                                                                                          RMB’000                RMB’000

     Government grants                                                                         3,376                 4,336


                                                                                      31 December            31 December
                                                                                             2023                   2022
                                                                                          RMB’000                RMB’000

     Movements of the deferred revenue during the year are as follows:
     At 1 January                                                                              4,336                 5,296
     Recognised to profit or loss                                                               (960)                 (960)


     At 31 December                                                                            3,376                 4,336


     The government grants are related to the purchase, construction or acquisition of the long-term assets by the
     Group. The amount recognised in the profit or loss included in other net income (note 5).




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
102 Annual Report 2023
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                           (Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



23 SHARE CAPITAL AND RESERVES

   (a)   Movements in components of equity

         The reconciliation between the opening and closing balances of each component of the Group’s consolidated
         equity is set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Details of the changes in the Company’s
         individual components of equity between the beginning and the end of the year are set out below:

         Company

                                                        Share         Share        Exchange     Accumulated
                                                       capital     premium           reserve          losses      Total
                                           NOTE       RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000

         Balance at 1 January 2022                      2,693        49,892           (2,740)        (24,908)    24,937

         Changes in equity for 2022:

         Total comprehensive expense
            for the year                                    –             –           2,321           (5,349)    (3,028)
         Issue of shares                                  871        33,986               –                –     34,857
         Share issuing expenses                             –          (308)              –                –       (308)


         Balance at 31 December 2022        30          3,564        83,570             (419)        (30,257)    56,458


         Balance at 31 December 2022 and
           1 January 2023                               3,564        83,570            (419)         (30,257)    56,458

         Changes in equity for 2023:

         Total comprehensive expense
            for the year                                    –             –           1,258           (2,085)      (827)
         Issue of shares                                  550        10,127               –                –     10,677
         Share issuing expenses                             –           (72)              –                –        (72)


         Balance at 31 December 2023        30          4,114        93,625             839          (32,342)    66,236




                                                                              China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                            Annual Report 2023   103
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



23 SHARE CAPITAL AND RESERVES (Continued)

     (b)   Share capital

                                                               No. of shares
           Ordinary shares, issued and fully paid:                      ’000              HK$’000             RMB’000



           At 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023                    399,000                 3,990                3,564
           Issue of shares (ordinary shares of
              HK$0.01 each) (i)                                       59,990                   600                  550


           At 31 December 2023                                       458,990                 4,590                4,114


           The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 25 May 2017 with an initial authorised share
           capital of HK$380,000 divided into 38,000,000 shares with a par value of HK$0.01 each, of which one fully
           paid share was allotted and issued on 25 May 2017. On 11 December 2019, the authorised share capital of
           the Company was increased from HK$380,000 to HK$10,000,000.

           Pursuant to the written resolution dated 11 December 2019, the Company allotted and issued 224,999,900
           shares of HK$0.01 each at par value to the then existing shareholders. This resolution was conditional upon
           the share premium account being credited as a result of the Company’s IPO and pursuant to this resolution,
           a sum of HK$2,249,999 standing to the credit of the share premium account as of 13 January 2020 was
           subsequently applied in paying up this capitalisation issue in full.

           On 13 January 2020, the Company issued 75,000,000 ordinary shares at a price of HK$0.77 per share by way
           of public offering in connection with the listing of Company’s shares on GEM of the Stock Exchange of Hong
           Kong Limited.

           On 17 May 2022, the Company entered into the Share Subscription Agreement with Ming Liang Global,
           pursuant to which the Company has conditionally agreed to allot and issue, and Ming Liang Global has
           conditionally agreed to subscribe for, 99,000,000 Subscription Shares on the terms of the Share Subscription
           Agreement.

           On 31 August 2022, the Company allotted and issued 99,000,000 ordinary shares at a price of HK$0.4 per
           share to Ming Liang Global and proceeds of the Share Subscription were received by the Group in October
           2022.

           (i)   Issue of ordinary shares by share subscription

                 On 20 June 2023, the Company entered into the Share Subscription Agreement with individual
                 investors, pursuant to which the Company has conditionally agreed to allot and issue, and individual
                 investors have conditionally agreed to subscribe for 59,990,000 Subscription Shares on the terms of the
                 Share Subscription Agreement.

                 On 29 June 2023, the Company allotted and issued 59,990,000 ordinary shares at a price of HK$0.194
                 per share to individual shareholders and proceeds of the Share Subscription were received by the Group
                 in June 2023.


      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
104 Annual Report 2023
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                             (Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



23 SHARE CAPITAL AND RESERVES (Continued)

   (c)   Share premium

         The share premium represents the difference between the par value of and consideration received for 33
         shares issued to two pre-IPO investors in July 2018; the difference between the par value of and consideration
         received for 75,000,000 ordinary shares by initial public offering in January 2020; and the difference between
         the par value of and consideration received for 99,000,000 and 59,990,000 ordinary shares by share
         subscription in October 2022 and June 2023. Under the Companies Act of the Cayman Islands, the share
         premium account of the Company is distributable to the shareholders of the Company.

   (d)   Capital reserve

         On 11 July 2018, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, acquired the entire equity interests
         of Hongguang Glass at an aggregate consideration of approximately RMB4,582,000 as part of the
         Reorganisation. Both the Company and Hongguang Glass were under common control immediately before
         and after the Reorganisation. The consideration paid was accounted for as deemed distribution to the
         Company’s shareholders with the amount of consideration in excess of the paid-in capital of Hongguang
         Glass recorded in capital reserve.

   (e)   PRC statutory reserve

         Statutory reserve is established in accordance with the relevant PRC rules and regulations and the articles of
         association of the companies comprising the Group which are incorporated in the PRC.

         In accordance with the PRC Company Law, a subsidiary of the Group which is domestic enterprise is required
         to allocate 10% of their profit after tax, as determined in accordance with the relevant PRC accounting
         standards, to its respective statutory reserves until the reserves reach 50% of its respective registered capital.
         For the entity concerned, statutory reserves can be used to make good previous years’ losses, if any, and may
         be converted into capital in proportion to the existing equity interests of investors, provided that the balance
         of the reserve after such conversion is not less than 25% of the entity’s registered capital.

   (f)   Other reserve

         The other reserve represents cumulative gains and losses arising from initial recognition and revaluation of
         equity instruments at FVTOCI that have been recognised in other comprehensive income. Gains and losses
         arising from revaluation of equity instruments at FVTOCI will not be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent
         periods.

   (g)   Capital management

         The Group’s primary objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a
         going concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders,
         by pricing products and services commensurately with the level of risk and by securing access to finance at a
         reasonable cost.

         The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to maintain a balance between
         the higher shareholder returns that might be possible with higher levels of borrowings and the advantages
         and security afforded by a sound capital position, and makes adjustments to the capital structure in light of
         changes in economic conditions.



                                                                              China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                            Annual Report 2023      105
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



23 SHARE CAPITAL AND RESERVES (Continued)

     (g)   Capital management (Continued)

           The Group monitors its capital structure on the basis of an adjusted net debt-to-capital ratio. For this purpose,
           adjusted net debt is calculated as bank loans and other borrowings, less cash and cash equivalents. Adjusted
           capital represents total equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company.

           During the years ended 31 December 2023, the Group’s strategy was to maintain the adjusted net debt-
           to-capital ratio at a range considered reasonable by management. In order to maintain or adjust the ratio,
           the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, issue new shares, return capital to
           shareholders, raise new debt financing or sell assets to reduce debt.

           The Group’s adjusted net debt-to-equity ratio at the end of the current and previous reporting periods was as
           follows:

                                                                                       31 December            31 December
                                                                                              2023                   2022
                                                                        NOTES              RMB’000                RMB’000

           Bank loans                                                     19                  62,400                 61,500
           Other borrowings                                               20                  16,892                 19,743


           Total debt                                                                         79,292                 81,243

           Less: Cash and cash equivalents                               17(a)                 (1,167)             (13,268)


           Adjusted net debt                                                                  78,125                 67,975


           Total equity attributable to owners
             of the Company                                                                  317,917               269,316


           Adjusted capital                                                                  317,917               269,316


           Adjusted net debt-to-capital ratio                                                 24.6%                  25.2%


           Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries are subject to externally imposed capital requirements.




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
106 Annual Report 2023
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                             (Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



24 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
   INSTRUMENTS

   The financial assets and financial liabilities are summaries as follows:

                                                                                      31 December            31 December
                                                                                             2023                   2022
                                                                                          RMB’000                RMB’000

   Financial assets
   At fair value
   Equity instrument at FVTOCI                                                               25,227                       –
   At amortised cost
   Trade and other receivables                                                              120,272               126,826
   Cash at banks and on hand                                                                  1,167                13,268


                                                                                            146,666               140,094


   Financial liabilities
   At amortised cost
   Financial liabilities included in trade and other payables                                19,234                 28,840
   Bank loans                                                                                62,400                 61,500
   Other borrowings                                                                          16,892                 19,743


                                                                                             98,526               110,083


   Exposure to credit, liquidity, interest rate and currency risks arises in the normal course of the Group’s business.

   The Group’s exposure to these risks and the financial risk management policies and practices used by the Group to
   manage these risks are described below.

   (a)   Credit risk

         Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in a
         financial loss to the Group. The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to trade and other receivables. The
         Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from cash and cash equivalents is limited because the counterparties
         are banks for which the Group considers to have low credit risk.




                                                                               China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                             Annual Report 2023      107
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



24 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
   INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

     (a)   Credit risk (Continued)

           Trade receivables

           The Group’s exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the individual characteristics of each customer
           rather than the industry or country in which the customers operate and therefore significant concentrations of
           credit risk primarily arise when the Group has significant exposure to individual customers. As at 31 December
           2023 and 2022, 44% and 56% of the total trade receivables was due from the Group’s five largest customers
           respectively.

           Individual credit evaluations are performed on all customers requiring credit over a certain amount. These
           evaluations focus on the customer’s past history of making payments when due and current ability to pay,
           and take into account information specific to the customer as well as pertaining to the economic environment
           in which the customer operates. Trade receivables are mainly due within 60 to 180 days from the date of
           delivery. Normally, the Group does not obtain collateral from customers.

           The Group measures loss allowances for trade receivables at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs, which
           is calculated using a provision matrix. As the Group’s historical credit loss experience does not indicate
           significantly different loss patterns for different customer segments, the loss allowance based on past due
           status is not further distinguished between the Group’s different customer bases.

           The following table provides information about the Group’s exposure to credit risk and ECLs for trade
           receivables:

                                                                                31 December 2023
                                                               Expected loss       Gross carrying                 Loss
                                                                        rate             amount              allowance
                                                                          %             RMB’000               RMB’000

           Current                                                       5%                100,400                 5,020
           0–180 days past due                                          10%                 14,006                 1,401
           181–270 days past due                                        20%                 10,400                 2,080
           271–360 days past due                                        50%                  6,434                 3,217
           361–450 days past due                                        80%                      –                     –
           Over 450 days past due                                      100%                  5,678                 5,678


                                                                                           136,918               17,396




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
108 Annual Report 2023
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                            (Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



24 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
   INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

   (a)   Credit risk (Continued)

         Trade receivables (Continued)

                                                                                 31 December 2022
                                                               Expected loss         Gross carrying                Loss
                                                                        rate               amount             allowance
                                                                          %              RMB’000               RMB’000

         Current                                                        5%                  81,702                 4,086
         0–180 days past due                                           10%                  46,295                 4,629
         181–270 days past due                                         20%                   5,856                 1,171
         271–360 days past due                                         50%                   3,601                 1,801
         361–450 days past due                                         80%                     544                   435
         Over 450 days past due                                       100%                   1,481                 1,481


                                                                                          139,479                 13,603


         Expected loss rate is taking into account the similar ageing of trade receivables, the repayment history of
         customers, current market conditions and customer-specific conditions. These rates are adjusted to reflect
         differences between economic conditions during the period over which the historic data has been collected,
         current conditions and the Group’s view of economic conditions over the expected lives of the receivables.

         Movement in the loss allowance account in respect of trade receivables during the year is as follows:

                                                                                     31 December          31 December
                                                                                            2023                 2022
                                                                                         RMB’000              RMB’000

         Balance at 1 January                                                               13,603                 9,302
         Loss allowance recognised during the year                                           3,793                 4,301


         Balance at 31 December                                                             17,396                13,603




                                                                               China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                             Annual Report 2023   109
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



24 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
   INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

     (b)   Liquidity risk

           Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due. The
           Group’s policy is to regularly monitor its liquidity requirements and its compliance with lending covenants, to
           ensure that it maintains sufficient reserves of cash and readily realisable marketable securities and adequate
           committed lines of funding from major financial institutions to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and
           longer term.

           The following tables show the remaining contractual maturities at the end of the reporting period of the
           Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities, which are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows (including
           interest payments computed using contractual rates or, if floating, based on current rates at the end of the
           reporting period) and the earliest date the Group can be required to pay:

                                                                           As at 31 December 2023
                                                         Contractual undiscounted cash outflow
                                                                            More than
                                                            Within          1 year but
                                                          1 year or          less than                             Carrying
                                                        on demand              5 years            Total             amount
                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000

           Financial liabilities included in
              trade and other payables                        19,234                 –             19,234            19,234
           Bank loans                                         58,646             5,533             64,179            62,400
           Other borrowings                                   14,064             3,722             17,786            16,892


                                                              91,944             9,255           101,199             98,526


                                                                            As at 31 December 2022
                                                           Contractual undiscounted cash outflow
                                                                             More than
                                                             Within          1 year but
                                                           1 year or          less than                             Carrying
                                                         on demand              5 years            Total            amount
                                                           RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000

           Financial liabilities included in
              trade and other payables                        28,840                 –             28,840            28,840
           Bank loans                                         62,913                 –             62,913            61,500
           Other borrowings                                   16,531             4,724             21,255            19,743


                                                            108,284              4,724           113,008            110,083




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
110 Annual Report 2023
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                            (Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



24 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
   INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

   (c)   Interest rate risk

         Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate
         because of changes in market interest rates. The Group’s interest rate risk arises primarily from bank loans
         and other borrowings. Borrowings issued at variable rates and fixed rates expose the Group to cash flow
         interest rate risk and fair value interest rate risk respectively.

         (i)   Interest rate profile

               The following table details the interest rate profile of the Group’s bank loans at the end of the reporting
               period.

                                                                 2023                                  2022
                                                         Effective                             Effective
                                                     interest rate                         interest rate
                                                                %          RMB’000                    %         RMB’000

               Fixed rate borrowings:

               Bank loans                           3.30%–5.30%               54,400   3.7%–6.40%                 61,500
               Other borrowings                    4.57%–11.82%               16,892 5.00%–14.32%                 19,743


               Variable rate borrowings:

               Bank loans                                   3.75%              8,000                 Nil                –


               Total borrowings                                               79,292                              81,243


               Fixed rate borrowings as a
                  percentage of total borrowings                              89.9%                                100%




                                                                              China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                            Annual Report 2023     111
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



24 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
   INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

     (c)   Interest rate risk (Continued)

           (ii)   Sensitivity analysis

                  At 31 December 2023, it is estimated that a general increase/decrease of 100 basis points in interest
                  rates, with all other variables held constant, would have decreased/increased the Group’s profit after tax
                  and retained earnings by approximately RMB68,000 (2022: RMBNil).

                  The sensitivity analysis above had been determined based on the exposure to interest rates at the end
                  of reporting period. The analysis is prepared assuming the financial instruments outstanding at the end
                  of reporting period were outstanding for the whole year and it represents management’s assessment of
                  the reasonably possible change in interest rates. The analysis is preformed on the same basis as 2022.

     (d)   Currency risk

           As the Group’s principal activities are carried out in the PRC, the Group’s transactions are mainly dominated
           in Renminbi, which is not freely convertible into foreign currencies. All foreign exchange transactions involving
           Renminbi must take place through the People’s Bank of China or other institutions authorised to buy and
           sell foreign exchange. The exchange rates adopted for the foreign exchange transactions are the rates of
           exchange quoted by the People’s Bank of China that are determined largely by supply and demand.

           The directors considered the Group’s exposure to foreign currency risk is not significant during the reporting
           period.

     (e)   Fair value measurement

           Except for equity instrument that measure at fair value, all of the Group’s financial instruments were carried at
           amortised cost. Their carrying amounts were not materially different from their fair values as at 31 December
           2023 and 2022.




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
112 Annual Report 2023
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                          (Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



25 FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

   Some of the Group’s financial instruments are measured at fair value for financial reporting purposes.

   In estimating the fair value, the Group uses market-observable data to the extent it is available. For instruments
   with significant unobservable inputs under Level 3, the Group engages third party qualified valuers to perform the
   valuation.

   (i)   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis

         Some of the Group’s financial assets are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period. The
         following table gives information about how the fair values of these financial assets are determined.

         The Group has estimated the fair value of these unlisted investments by using the valuation technique based
         on the income approach method.

         Fair value hierarchy as at 31 December 2023

                                                        Level 1           Level 2           Level 3           Total
                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000

         Equity instrument at FVTOCI
         Unlisted equity investment                             –                 –           25,227           25,227


         The Group did not have any financial assets measured at fair value as at 31 December 2022.

         The Group did not have any financial liabilities measured at fair value as at 31 December 2023 and 2022.

         During the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, there were no instruments transfers between level 1,
         level 2 and level 3.




                                                                            China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                          Annual Report 2023   113
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



25 FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

     (i)   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis
           (Continued)

           Information about level 3 fair value measurement

                                      2023               2022          Valuation techniques             Significant unobservable inputs
                                   RMB’000            RMB’000

           Unlisted equity             25,227                    –     Income approach –                Revenue growth rates, taking into
             instrument at                                             in this approach, the            account management’s experience
             FVTOCI                                                    discounted cash flow             and knowledge of market conditions
                                                                       method was used to               of the specific industries ranging
                                                                       capture the present              from 0% to 5%.
                                                                       value of the expected
                                                                       future economic                  Pre-tax operating margin, taking
                                                                       benefits to be derived           into account management’s
                                                                       from the ownership of            experience and knowledge of
                                                                       this investee, based on          market conditions of the specific
                                                                       an appropriate discount          industries ranging from 16.2% to
                                                                       rate                             18.5%.

                                                                                                        Discount rate, taking into account
                                                                                                        weighted average cost of capital
                                                                                                        determined using a Capital Asset
                                                                                                        Pricing Model of 13.2%.

                                                                                                        Discount for minority and lack of
                                                                                                        marketability of 8%.

           Note: As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s 5% unlisted equity investment at equity instrument at FVTOCI was determined by reference to
                 the valuation carried out by an independent qualified professional valuer. A 5% increase in the revenue growth rates holding all other
                 variables constant would increase the fair value of the unlisted equity instrument by RMB161,000 (2022: Nil). A 5% increase in the
                 discount rate holding all other variables constant would decrease the fair value of the unlisted equity instrument by RMB1,178,000
                 (2022: Nil).




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
114 Annual Report 2023
                                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                                                  (Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



25 FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

   (ii)    Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements

                                                                                                                                Equity instrument
                                                                                                                                        at FVTOCI
                                                                                                                                          RMB’000

           At 1 January 2022 and 31 December 2022                                                                                                      –
           Purchased                                                                                                                              22,907
           Total gains/(losses) in other comprehensive income                                                                                      2,320


           At 31 December 2023                                                                                                                    25,227


           Of the total gains or losses included in other comprehensive income is an amount of RMB2,320,000 gain (2022:
           Nil) relating to unlisted equity instrument designated as equity instrument at FVTOCI held at the end of the
           current reporting period.

26 INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES

   The following list contains only the particulars of subsidiaries which principally affected the results, assets or
   liabilities of the Group. The class of shares held is ordinary unless otherwise stated.


                                         Place and date               Registered           Equity attribute to the Company
                                         of incorporation/         capital/issued        Group’s
                                         establishment and              and fully       effective     Held by the       Held by a
   Name of company                       operation                paid-up capital        interest       Company        subsidiary   Principal activities

   Hongguang International Limited       British Virgin Islands       US$1/US$1            100%            100%                 –   Investment holding
     (“Hongguang International”)           25 May 2017

   Hongguang Technology (Hong Kong)      Hong Kong                    HK$1/HK$1            100%                 –            100%   Investment holding
     Limited (“Hongguang HK”)              12 July 2017

   Hongguang Glass*                      The PRC                  RMB69,960,000/           100%                 –            100%   Manufacturing and sales
     揭陽市宏光鍍膜玻璃有限公司                         10 April 1992          RMB24,380,000**                                                    of architectural glass
     (「宏光玻璃」)                                                                                                                        products

   Novel Prestige Investments Limited    British Virgin Islands       US$1/US$1            100%            100%                 –   Investment holding
                                           18 March 2021

   Diagon Will Corporation Limited       Hong Kong                    HK$1/HK$1            100%                 –            100%   Investment holding
     Hong Kong                             18 March 2021

   廣州隆光控股有限公司                            The PRC                  RMB1,000,000/            100%                 –            100%   Dormant
                                           27 July 2021                 RMBNil

   *       The English translation of Hongguang Glass is for reference only. The official name of the Company is in Chinese.


   **      The registered capital of Hongguang Glass increased from RMB4,380,000 in 2019 to RMB69,960,000 in 2021. The paid-in capital of
           Hongguang Glass increased from RMB4,380,000 in 2019 to RMB24,380,000 in 2021.




                                                                                                    China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023               115
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



27 COMMITMENTS

     The Group had other commitments not provided for in the consolidated financial statements in respect of
     acquisition and construction of property, plant and equipment, as follows:

                                                                                                              2023                      2022
                                                                                                           RMB’000                   RMB’000

     Contracted for                                                                                                 –                    2,000
     Authorised but not contracted for                                                                          2,980                    2,980


                                                                                                                2,980                    4,980


28 MAJOR NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS

     During the year, the Group acquired the shares from an independent third party of an unlisted company
     which is classified at FVTOCI (note 14), by exchanging its inventories with a carrying amount of approximately
     RMB22,907,000.

29 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

     In addition to the related party information disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements, the Group
     entered into the following related party transactions.

     During the reporting period, the directors are of the view that the following companies and persons are related
     parties of the Group:

     Name of party                                                                Relationship

     Ming Liang Global Limited                                                    Controlling Shareholder
     Lin Weishan                                                                  Shareholder of Controlling Shareholder and
                                                                                    executive director
     Wei Jiakun                                                                   Shareholder of Controlling Shareholder and
                                                                                    executive director
     Liu Rong                                                                     Shareholder of Controlling Shareholder
     Orient Success Ventures Limited                                              One of the Substantial Shareholders
     Chen Biming                                                                  Executive director
     Li Wanna                                                                     Executive director
     Hongguang Mirror Art (揭陽市東山區宏光鏡藝廠有限公司)                                       Company controlled by Wei Jiakun and Liu Rong
        (Note)

     Note: The English translation of the above company name is for reference only. The official name of the company established in the PRC is in
           Chinese.




      China Hongguang Holdings Limited
116 Annual Report 2023
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                            (Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



29 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

   (a)   Balances with related parties

         As at the end of the respective reporting period, the Group had no balances with related parties.

   (b)   Guarantees provided by related parties

                                                                                             2023                  2022
                                                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000

         Controlling Shareholders of the Group’s Shareholder                                      –               72,488
         Controlling Shareholders of the Group's Shareholder and
           Hongguang Mirror Art                                                             76,435                      –


   (c)   Key management personnel remuneration

         Remuneration for key management personnel of the Group, including amounts paid to the Company’s
         directors as disclosed in note 8 and certain of the highest paid employees as disclosed in note 9, is as follows:

                                                                                             2023                  2022
                                                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000

         Short-term employee benefits                                                           793                   736


         Total remuneration is included in “staff costs” (see note 6(b)).




                                                                              China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                            Annual Report 2023     117
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



30 COMPANY-LEVEL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

                                                                                           31 December    31 December
                                                                                                  2023           2022
                                                                                   NOTE        RMB’000        RMB’000

     Non-current assets
     Investments in a subsidiary                                                                     –*             –*
     Amount due from a subsidiary                                                               78,110         66,152


                                                                                                78,110         66,152
     Current assets
     Trade and other receivable                                                                    522           510
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                                       3             6


                                                                                                   525           516


     Current liabilities
     Trade and other payables                                                                    2,997          3,784
     Amounts due to subsidiaries                                                                 9,402          6,426


                                                                                                12,399         10,210


     Net current liabilities                                                                   (11,874)        (9,694)


     Net assets                                                                                 66,236         56,458


     EQUITY                                                                        23(a)
     Share capital                                                                               4,114          3,564
     Reserves                                                                                   62,122         52,894


     TOTAL EQUITY                                                                               66,236         56,458

     *      The balance represents an amount less than RMB1,000.


     The Company’s statement of financial position was approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on
     28 March 2024 and is signed on its behalf by:

                                                                   )
     Wei Jiakun                                                    )
                                                                   )   Directors
     Lin Weishan                                                   )
                                                                   )




         China Hongguang Holdings Limited
118 Annual Report 2023
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                             (Expressed in Renminbi Yuan)



31 IMMEDIATE AND ULTIMATE CONTROLLING PARTY

   The directors consider that the immediate holding company of the Company to be Ming Liang Global Limited (“Ming
   Liang Global”), which is incorporated in the British Virgin Islands. The directors also consider that Mr. Wei Jiakun, Ms.
   Lin Weishan and Ms. Liu Rong, being collectively, are ultimate controlling parties of the Company. Mr. Wei Jiakun
   and Ms. Lin Weishan are directors of the Company.

   The entire issued share capital of Ming Liang Global is held by Wei Family Limited, which is in turn entirely held
   by IQ EQ (BVI) Limited, acting as the trustee of The Wei Family Trust. The Wei Family Trust is a discretionary trust
   established by Mr. Wei Jiakun, Ms. Lin Weishan (the spouse of Mr. Wei Jiakun) and Ms. Liu Rong (the mother of Mr.
   Wei Jiakun) as the settlors and the beneficiaries of The Wei Family Trust include Mr. Wei Jiakun, Ms. Lin Weishan, Ms.
   Liu Rong and certain family members of Mr. Wei Jiakun.




                                                                               China Hongguang Holdings Limited
                                                                                             Annual Report 2023      119
FINANCIAL SUMMARY


RESULTS

                                        2023        2022       2021       2020       2019
                                     RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000

Revenue                               217,142    208,656    203,074    156,904    200,181
Profit before taxation                 39,547     39,389     43,588     13,107     32,555
Income Tax                             (3,819)    (4,829)    (4,588)    (2,811)    (5,716)
Profit for the year                    35,728     34,560     39,000     10,296     26,839

ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

                                        2023        2022       2021       2020       2019
                                     RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000

Total assets                          439,014    407,383    323,960    239,461    190,864
Total liabilities                     121,097    138,067    123,383     77,741     79,758
Total equity                          317,917    269,316    200,577    161,720    111,106




        China Hongguang Holdings Limited
120 Annual Report 2023
