ASIA-PAC FINANCIAL INVESTMENT
COMPANY LIMITED
亞太金融投資有限公司
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
(Stock code: 8193)




2025
ANNUAL REPORT
CHARACTERISTICS OF GEM OF THE STOCK EXCHANGE OF HONG KONG LIMITED (THE
“STOCK EXCHANGE”)
GEM has been positioned as a market designed to accommodate small and mid-sized companies to which a higher
investment risk may be attached than other companies listed on the Stock Exchange. Prospective investors should
be aware of the potential risks of investing in such companies and should make the decision to invest only after due
and careful consideration.


Given that the companies listed on GEM are generally small and mid-sized companies, there is a risk that securities
traded on GEM may be more susceptible to high market volatility than securities traded on the Main Board and no
assurance is given that there will be a liquid market in the securities traded on GEM.


Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and the Stock Exchange take no responsibility for the contents of this report, make
no representation as to its accuracy or completeness and expressly disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever
arising from or in reliance upon the whole or any part of the contents of this report.


This report, for which the directors of Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited (the “Company” and the “Directors”,
respectively) collectively and individually accept full responsibility, includes particulars given in compliance with the Rules
Governing the Listing of Securities on GEM of the Stock Exchange (the “GEM Listing Rules”) for the purpose of giving
information with regard to the Company. The Directors, having made all reasonable enquiries, confirm that to the best of
their knowledge and belief, the information contained in this report is accurate and complete in all material respects and not
misleading or deceptive, and there are no other matters the omission of which would make any statement herein or this report
misleading.


This report, in both English and Chinese versions, is available on the Company’s website at www.gca.com.hk.
                    CONTENTS

                    Corporate Information                              3

                    Managing Director’s Statement                      5

                    Management Discussion and Analysis                 6

                    Biographies of Directors                          14

                    Corporate Governance Report                       16

                    Report of the Directors                           26

                    Independent Auditor’s Report                      38



                    Consolidated Financial Statements

                    Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
                      Other Comprehensive Income                      43

                    Consolidated Statement of Financial Position      45

                    Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity       47

                    Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows              48

                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements    50

                    Financial Summary                                116




2   Annual Report 2025
CORPORATE INFORMATION



BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                        COMPLIANCE OFFICER
Executive Directors                                       Mr. Ip Kwok Kwong

Mr. Ip Kwok Kwong (Managing Director)
Mr. Wu Di                                                 AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
                                                          Ms. Cheng Lucy
Independent Non-executive Directors                       Mr. Ip Kwok Kwong

Mr. Sek Wai Kit
Mr. So Kwok Yun                                           PRINCIPAL BANKERS
Ms. Zhou Lisi (appointed on 24 December 2024)             China Citic Bank International Limited
Mr. Tang Wai Kee (resigned on 31 March 2025)              OCBC Wing Hang Bank Limited

BOARD COMMITTEES                                          INDEPENDENT AUDITOR
Audit Committee                                           McMillan Woods (Hong Kong) CPA Limited
Mr. Sek Wai Kit (Chairman)                                Certified Public Accountants
Mr. So Kwok Yun                                           Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
Ms. Zhou Lisi (appointed on 24 December 2024)
Mr. Tang Wai Kee (resigned on 31 March 2025)              REGISTERED OFFICE
                                                          Cricket Square
Remuneration Committee                                    Hutchins Drive
Mr. So Kwok Yun (Chairman)                                P. O. Box 2681
Mr. Ip Kwok Kwong                                         Grand Cayman, KY1-1111
Mr. Sek Wai Kit                                           Cayman Islands
Mr. Wu Di
Ms. Zhou Lisi (appointed on 24 December 2024)             HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF
Mr. Tang Wai Kee (resigned on 31 March 2025)                BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
                                                          Unit 506, 5th Floor
Nomination Committee
                                                          New World Tower 1
Ms. Zhou Lisi (appointed as member on                     18 Queen’s Road Central
  24 December 2024 and Chairlady on 31 March 2025)        Central
Mr. Ip Kwok Kwong                                         Hong Kong
Mr. Sek Wai Kit
Mr. So Kwok Yun
Mr. Wu Di
Mr. Tang Wai Kee (Chairman) (resigned on 31 March 2025)


COMPANY SECRETARY
Ms. Cheng Lucy




                                                                                Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited   3
CORPORATE INFORMATION



HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR
 AND TRANSFER OFFICE
Tricor Investor Services Limited
17/F, Far East Finance Centre
16 Harcourt Road
Hong Kong


PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
  TRANSFER OFFICE
Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited
Cricket Square
Hutchins Drive
P. O. Box 2681
Grand Cayman, KY1-1111
Cayman Islands


CORPORATE WEBSITE
www.gca.com.hk


STOCK CODE
8193




4      Annual Report 2025
MANAGING DIRECTOR’S STATEMENT



Dear Shareholders,

On behalf of the board of Directors (the “Board”), I present the annual results of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively,
the “Group”) for the year ended 31 March 2025 (the “Year”).

RESULTS
During the Year, the Group recorded total revenue of approximately HK$30.3 million, representing an increase of approximately
2.6% as compared to that of last financial year. Loss attributable to owners of the Company was approximately HK$9.5 million,
as compared to approximately HK$53.1 million in last financial year. The decrease in loss attributable to owners of the Company
was mainly attributable to total net gain on fair value changes on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)
and gain on disposal of financial assets at FVTPL, which collectively amounted to approximately HK$3.1 million for the Year as
compared to a total net loss of approximately HK$19.1 million for the last financial year.

BUSINESS OF THE GROUP
The Group’s business can be broadly categorised into four main sectors: (i) asset advisory services and asset appraisal services, (ii)
corporate services and consultancy services, (iii) media advertising services, and (iv) financial services. Detailed discussion of the
business and performance of each sector is set out in the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this annual
report.

OUTLOOK
Looking ahead, the revenue from each of the sectors of asset advisory services and corporate consultancy services remains
promising with a steady demand for professional commercial services in the Greater China. As companies in the Greater China,
especially in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), continue to expand in corporate size, operational complexity and
geographical diversification as well as undergo restructuring, listing and mergers and acquisitions, the demand for a leading
professional advisor on asset value, procedures and regulations, as well as investment matching are expected to remain high. In
view of the Group’s existing competitive advantages and market position in its core business segments, the Group is confident
that its experienced professional teams and provision of convenient one-stop professional services will keep it well-positioned to
capture the surging business opportunities.


During the Year, consumer confidence remains weak in the face of an uncertain economic outlook. The media advertising
industry has reduced demand from freezing of marketing spend, the Group will actively adjust the business strategy in respond
to the latest market changes.


The financial services segment is expected to be stable in coming year. The Group will closely monitor the credit risks and
continue its effort to enhance our competitiveness within the ever changing industry and economy, so as to ensure a proper
balance between return and risk.


APPRECIATION
On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my gratitude to the shareholders of the Company (the “Shareholders”), Directors
and business partners for their continued support and trust. I would also like to thank all of our management and staff for their
diligence and contributions to the Group.

Ip Kwok Kwong
Executive Director and Managing Director

Hong Kong, 26 June 2025




                                                                                         Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited   5
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL REVIEW
Results of the Group
The Group’s revenue for the Year was approximately HK$30.3 million (2024: approximately HK$29.5 million), representing an
increase of approximately 2.6% from that of 2024. The increase in the Group’s revenue during the Year was mainly attributable
to the increase in revenue arising from the sector of corporate services and consultancy services due to the timing effect from
delivery of reports.

The Group’s cost of services rendered mainly consists of direct labour cost, material cost and sub-contracting charges. During the
Year, the Group’s cost of sales and services rendered was approximately HK$8.1 million (2024: approximately HK$8.8 million),
representing a decrease of approximately 7.7% from that of 2024. The decrease was mainly attributable to the implementation
of cost control measures.

The Group’s other income mainly consists of waiver of interest expenses on other borrowings and sundry income. During the
Year, the other income and other gains or losses were approximately HK$3.8 million (2024: approximately HK$0.9 million),
representing an increase of approximately 320.1% from those of 2024. The increase was mainly attributable to gain on waiver
of interest expenses on other borrowings recognised and write-back on trade payables during the Year.

The Group’s administrative expenses for the Year were approximately HK$17.4 million (2024: approximately HK$21.3 million),
representing a decrease of approximately 18.4% from those of 2024. The decrease was due to the implementation of cost
control measures during the Year.

The Group’s total net gain on fair value changes on financial assets at FVTPL and gain on disposal of financial assets at FVTPL
for the Year were approximately HK$3.1 million (2024: loss of approximately HK$19.1 million). Details are set out in the section
headed “Significant Investments Held” in this annual report.

The Group’s finance costs for the Year were approximately HK$2.2 million (2024: approximately HK$2.2 million).

The loss attributable to owners of the Company for the Year was approximately HK$9.5 million (2024: approximately HK$53.1
million), representing a decrease of approximately 82.1%. The substantial decrease in the loss was mainly attributable to total
net gain on fair value changes on financial assets at FVTPL and gain on disposal of financial assets at FVTPL, which collectively
amounted to approximately HK$3.1 million for the Year as compared to a total net loss of approximately HK$19.1 million for the
last financial year.

Results of the segments
Asset Advisory Services and Asset Appraisal Services
Asset advisory services and asset appraisal services are the core business of the Group, which typically involves provision of
independent valuation services to a number of listed groups to meet market, regulatory and fiduciary requirements, sourcing and
identifying potential investment opportunities or investors, undertaking due diligence and evaluation on the underlying assets
and provision of procedural and strategic business advices. Such services income is primarily success-based or project-based
nature. Revenue from asset advisory services and asset appraisal services during the Year decreased to approximately HK$17.6
million from approximately HK$18.7 million for the year ended 31 March 2024, representing a decrease of approximately 5.8%.




6     Annual Report 2025
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Corporate Services and Consultancy Services

The corporate services and consultancy services segment mainly focuses on provision of advice to corporations in areas such
as corporate governance, internal control, enterprise risk management and other operational aspects as well as provision of
back office administration. Owing to its non-recurring nature, revenue generated from the provision of corporate services and
consultancy services during the Year was approximately HK$7.1 million (2024: approximately HK$4.2 million), representing an
increase of approximately 67.9%. The increase was primary due to increased demand for consultancy services during the Year.


The revenue from asset advisory services and asset appraisal services, and corporate services and consultancy services are
primarily generated from mandates on a project-by-project basis, each of which may vary in scope, size and complexity of
services to be rendered. In addition, the terms and conditions of each mandate, including its payment schedule, are negotiated
and determined on a project-by-project basis. For asset appraisal services, fees are payable by stage payment based on milestone
agreed with clients. If the underlying project does not reach any particular milestone, the Group will not be entitled to the
corresponding service fee. Fees charged by the Group in respect of its asset advisory services and corporate consultancy business
to a large extent are success-based or performance-based. If a project cannot be carried through to completion, or there is
no successful underlying transaction, or performance target cannot be attained, or where the project is put on hold by client,
the Group will not be entitled to such portion of the fees even if a substantial amount of time and effort has been expended.
As a result, the income and profitability of the Group may be unpredictable. Through the Group’s continuous expansion of its
operation, the client base and income source would be diversified and increase to minimise the risk of such uncertainties.


Media Advertising Services

Advertising income is generated mainly through its in-elevator poster frames network and liquid-crystal-display network inside
elevators or lift lobbies of the middle to high-end residential communities. This business segment brought approximately HK$0.7
million (2024: approximately HK$0.7 million) advertising income to the Group during the Year.


Financial Services

The financial services segment mainly represents the provision of money lending services. The money lending business mainly
involves provision of financial credit services such as personal loans and commercial loans to individuals and corporations.


The money lending business remained stable during the Year. This business segment contributed approximately HK$4.9 million
(2024: approximately HK$5.9 million) to the Group’s revenue for the Year, representing a decrease of approximately 16.7% as
compared to that of the year ended 31 March 2024. The decrease was due to the reduced balance of loan receivables.


The Group holds a money lenders license under the Money Lenders Ordinance (Chapter 163 of the Laws of Hong Kong). The
service consists of the provision of financial credit services such as personal loans and commercial loans to individuals and
corporations. The Company did not set specific target for customer of any background or industry or operation history. The
source of customers of the Company were mainly via the referrals from customers or advertisements or business networks of the
senior management of the Company. For the Group’s loan portfolio as at 31 March 2025, all the outstanding loan receivables
were due from individual customers. The source of funds for the financial services business is generally funded by the internal
resources of the Group.


As at 31 March 2025, the Group had 18 individual borrowers. The Group recorded remaining maturity of loan receivables within
one year of approximately HK$35.7 million and more than one year but not exceeding two years of approximately HK$2.4
million.



                                                                                       Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited   7
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Key Internal Controls
With regards to the Group’s internal controls for financial services business, there are the following monitoring mechanisms and
measures adopted by the Group:

Loan application and approval
In progress of loan applications, internal credit assessments would be performed to decide the proposed loan size and interest
rate charged. The internal credit assessment included but not limited to:

–     verification and background checking, such as the identity documents and statutory records (i.e. identity card, address
      proof, business registration certificate, latest annual return, etc.);

–     obtain income or asset proof of the borrower and guarantor, such as share certificates, bank statements and security
      statements, etc.;

–     the valuation documents of the collaterals (if any); and

–     the verification of the authenticity of the information provided.

Furthermore, the Group would perform public search towards the borrower and guarantor (if any) to ensure compliance with
the relevant requirements and regulations of anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing. For each loan application,
rather than a preset minimum amount of income/revenue/profit/total asset/net asset level, the management would determine
and approve the loan amount and interest rates based on the relevant financials, repayment ability and the overall quality of
borrowers/guarantors and the respective collaterals, subject to business negotiations and market conditions. The loan approval
will be further subject to the judgement of the management, where certain factors may also be considered in loan assessment
as additional factors that would greatly affect the likelihood of the loan recoverability, such as the credit history, career profile,
business or family background of the borrower/guarantor and the purpose of the borrowing.

Recovery and collection of loan receivables
Upon granting the loan, the Group would keep track of the repayment records and loan portfolio on an on-going basis and
conduct recoverability review, in particular for any past due loan accounts. The Group would follow the review procedure as
follow: (i) obtain and review the repayment records of every loan and interests repayment to ensure every repayment is repaid
on schedule and at the appropriate amount; (ii) communicate actively with the customers for past due repayment; and (iii)
conduct legal action when considered necessary. The Group would further obtain the updated financial information from the
borrowers when late repayment records were noted to assess the recoverability of loan. Different procedures and effort are put
onto the loan recovery, appropriate actions, such as sending legal demand letter, legal proceedings arrangement, etc., would be
considered by the Group, subject to the recovery situation of the loans and negotiation with customers.

As at 31 March 2025, the Group maintained a net loan portfolio of approximately HK$38.2 million with loans to individual
borrowers ranging from HK$0.3 million to HK$10.0 million with terms ranging between 1 year and 2 years. The loans
receivables were unsecured and carry interest at fixed effective rate ranged from 6% to 10% per annum. The management of
the Group are of the view that the composition is reasonable and in the interests of the shareholders as a whole, considering
that a relatively higher interest yield could be associated with an unsecured loan, given that the borrower can fulfill the Group’s
loan approval requirements as mentioned above. As at 31 March 2025, the net amounts of loan receivables from the largest
borrower and the five largest borrowers in aggregate amounted to approximately HK$10.0 million and HK$28.5 million,
respectively, which accounted for approximately 26.1% and 74.7% respectively of the loan receivables of the Group.



8     Annual Report 2025
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Impairment provisions

The Company adopted estimated credit loss (“ECL(s)”) allowances according to the requirements of Hong Kong Financial
Reporting Standard 9 issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The Group made impairment provision
on loan and interest receivables primarily based on the future macroeconomic conditions and borrowers’ creditworthiness (e.g.
the likelihood of default by customers). Such assessment has taken regard of quantitative and qualitative historical information
and also, the forward-looking analysis.


After assessments based on the repayment and financial status of the borrowers and forward looking factors, impairment on
certain loan receivables of approximately HK$16.9 million was recognised during the Year given the economic downturn and the
uncertainties of the economic outlook. To ensure the adequacy of allowance for ECL on loan receivables, the Group engaged an
independent firm of professional valuers to conduct a valuation on the allowance for ECL on loan receivables recognised for the
Year.


Key value of inputs used and assumptions adopted in valuation
The valuer adopted the probability-weighted loss default model (the “PD Model”) to measure the ECL allowance of the loan
receivables. Major inputs of the PD Model include (i) probability of default; (ii) loss given default; (iii) exposure at default; and
(iv) discount factor reflecting time value of money. The key value of inputs of the valuation as at 31 March 2025 are set out as
follows:


                                                                                                                               FY2025
    Probability of default                                                                                        27.78%–100.00%
    Loss given default                                                                                              66.1%–100.00%
    Exposure at default                                                                                                    84,180,000
    Discount rate                                                                                                            6%–10%


The key assumptions adopted in the valuation include the following:


•       expected loss rates have been adjusted for forward-looking factors by taking into account any observable change in future
        economic conditions, events and environment;


•       the adopted loss rates and/or default probabilities are representative to reflect the impact from multiple repayment
        scenarios of the debtors based on the historical credit status information provided by the management of the Company
        and sourced from public sources;


•       according to the management of the Company, historical loss pattern does not vary significantly across the customer
        groups and there is no expectation of such changes over the expected collection period of the receivables outstanding at
        the period end. Consequently, all receivables are combined into one or more portfolios for the purpose of measuring the
        ECL; and


•       discount effect due to time value of money on receivables which will be matured in less than one year from the date of
        the valuation is considered to be immaterial.




                                                                                        Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited   9
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



There were no changes in valuation method and significant changes in the value or inputs and assumptions compared to
previous year. The Company’s debtors were affected by the overall downturn of the economy and the recoverability of the
corresponding loan receivables were undermined. The credit risk and default risks of loans would inevitably increase. It led to
more default cases on repayments and such more receivables were assigned with a maximum default probability of 100%,
which resulting in an increase in net allowance for the ECL. During the Year, loans with total balance of approximately HK$20.3
million were classified as stage 3, respectively, which was arrived at after considering late repayment, increase in loan balances
and clean loan in nature. The Group has issued demand letters and is also negotiating with several borrowers for settlement of
the respective loans. The Group will continue to negotiate with the respective borrowers for the settlement of the loans and will
consider taking legal action to recover the loans.


The Group has complied with requirements set out in Chapters 19 and 20 of the GEM Listing Rules when it granted the loans to
each of the respective borrower whose loan was still outstanding as at 31 March 2025.


To the best of the Directors’ knowledge, information and belief based on internal records, the Group does not have any
agreement, arrangement, understanding or undertaking (whether formal or informal and whether express or implied) with a
connected person with respect to the grant of loans to each of the respective borrower whose loan was still outstanding as at
31 March 2025.


REVIEW ON PROVISION OF FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE
During the Year, none of the financial assistance provided by the Group constituted “discloseable transaction” under Chapter 19
of the GEM Listing Rules, “connected transaction” under Chapter 20 of the GEM Listing Rules and “advances to entity” which
requires disclosure pursuant to Chapter 17 of the GEM Listing Rules.


FUTURE PROSPECT
Looking ahead, the revenue from each of the sectors of asset advisory and corporate consultancy services remains promising
with a steady demand for professional commercial services in the Greater China. As companies in the Greater China, especially
in the PRC, continue to expand in corporate size, operational complexity and geographical diversification as well as undergo
restructuring, listing and mergers and acquisitions, the demand for a leading professional advisor on asset value, procedures and
regulations, as well as investment matching are expected to remain high. In view of the Group’s existing competitive advantages
and market position in its core business segments, the Group is confident that its experienced professional teams and provision
of convenient one-stop professional services will keep it well-positioned to capture the surging business opportunities.


During the Year, consumer confidence remains weak in the face of an uncertain economic outlook. The media advertising
industry has reduced demand from freezing of marketing spend, the Group will actively adjust the business strategy in respond
to the latest market changes.


The financial services segment is expected to be stable in coming year. The Group will closely monitor the credit risks and
continue its effort to enhance our competitiveness within the ever changing industry and economy, so as to ensure a proper
balance between return and risk.


The Group will closely monitor its cash position, and will continue to seek investment and business opportunities, with a view to
achieving a sustainable growth, increasing profitability and ultimately maximising the return to the Shareholders.




10    Annual Report 2025
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



FOREIGN EXCHANGE EXPOSURE
The majority of the Group’s businesses is carried out in Hong Kong and the PRC and is denominated in Hong Kong dollars
(“HK$”), Renminbi (“RMB”), and United States dollars. The Group is of the opinion that its exposure to foreign exchange rate
risk is limited. The Group currently does not have a foreign currency hedging policy. However, the management monitors foreign
exchange exposure closely and will consider hedging significant foreign currency exposure should the need arise.


LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES
As at 31 March 2025, the Group had bank balances and cash of approximately HK$8.9 million (2024: approximately HK$3.4
million). Bank balances and cash were mainly denominated in HK$ and RMB. As at 31 March 2025, the Group had net current
assets of approximately HK$45.8 million (2024: approximately HK$12.9 million). Current ratio as at 31 March 2025, as calculated
based on dividing current assets by current liabilities, was approximately 1.7 (2024: approximately 1.3).


The Group’s operations and investments are financed principally by revenue generated from business operations and available
bank balances. As at 31 March 2025, the Group had total borrowings (comprising borrowings and promissory notes) of
approximately HK$37.9 million (2024: approximately HK$38.7 million) and a net gearing ratio, which is defined as net debt
(total borrowings net of cash and bank balances) over total equity of approximately 1.2 (2024: approximately 1.2) was resulted.
As at 31 March 2025, the Group had other loan repayable of approximately HK$13.7 million (2024: approximately HK$15.1
million). All borrowings and promissory notes are denominated in HK$. Details of other loan interest rate are set out in note 32
to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report. The promissory notes were interest-bearing at 3% (2024: 3%) per
annum. For details of promissory notes, please refer to note 33 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.


TREASURY POLICIES
The Group adopts a conservative approach towards its treasury policies. The Group strives to reduce exposure to credit risk by
performing ongoing credit evaluation of the financial conditions of its customers. To manage liquidity risk, the Board closely
monitors the Group’s liquidity position to ensure that the liquidity structure of the Group’s assets, liabilities and commitments can
meet its funding requirements.


CAPITAL STRUCTURE
Details of the Company’s share capital are set out in note 35 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.


CAPITAL COMMITMENT
As at 31 March 2025 and 2024, the Group did not have any significant capital commitments.


NET PROCEEDS FROM THE SUBSCRIPTION
The Company issued 46,630,000 subscription shares to a subscriber at a subscription price of HK$0.1 per subscription share on
26 August 2024 (the “Subscription”).




                                                                                        Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited   11
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



The net proceeds raised from the Subscription, after deducting the relevant expenses, was HK$4.6 million. The table below sets
out the proposed application and the actual usage of the net proceeds from the Subscription as at 31 March 2025 as follows:


                                                                                                                                     Actual use of                    Unused net
                                                                                                   Planned use of              the net proceeds                   proceeds as at
                                                                                                       net proceeds              during the Year                 31 March 2025
                                                                                                                  (HK$)                       (HK$)                            (HK$)

  General working capital                                                                                  4.6 million                    4.6 million                                 0


As at 31 March 2025, the net proceeds from the Subscription had been fully utilised for general working capital which was
consistent with that disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 23 July 2024.


OPERATING LEASE COMMITMENTS
As at 31 March 2025, the Group did not have any significant lease commitments (2024: Nil).


SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS HELD
As at 31 March 2025, the Group’s financial assets at FVTPL, with market value of approximately HK$37.4 million (2024:
approximately HK$31.4 million). Details of the financial assets at FVTPL were set out as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                                    As at
                                                                                                                                                                                31 March
                                                                                            As at 31 March 2025                                  For the Year                       2024
                                                                    Percentage of                        Percentage to     Percentage
                                       Investment      Number of     shareholding        Fair value/       the financial         to the      Realised       Unrealised         Fair value/
  Name of securities                          cost    shares held         interest   carrying value     assets at FVTPL    total assets         gain        gain/(loss)    carrying value
                                          HK$’000                                          HK$’000                                           HK$’000          HK$’000            HK$’000
  WLS Holdings Limited (“WLS”)
    (Stock code: 8021) (Note 1)              18,176   267,780,000           1.86%             10,443              27.9%           9.5%                  –         4,017              6,427
  China Investment and Finance Group
    Limited (“China Investment”)
    (Stock code:1226) (Note 2)                2,957    12,893,000           3.12%              6,575              17.6%           6.0%                –             704              4,422
  Other investments (Note 3)                 52,449                                           20,354              54.5%          18.5%            1,952          (3,561)            20,555


                                             73,582                                           37,372              100%           33.9%            1,952           1,160             31,404


Notes:


1.       WLS is principally engaged in the provision of scaffolding and fitting-out services, management contracting services, other services for construction and
         buildings work, money lending business and trading of securities in Hong Kong.


2.       China Investment’s principal activity is investment holding.


3.       The fair value of each of these investments represented less than 5% of the total assets of the Group as at 31 March 2025.




12       Annual Report 2025
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



During the Year, the Group recorded an unrealised gain of approximately HK$1.2 million (2024: loss of approximately HK$19.1
million) and realised gain of approximately HK$2.0 million (2024: Nil) under the volatile stock market conditions during the Year
and the Company did not receive any dividend from the above investments.


The future performance of the equity securities held by the Group may be influenced by the Hong Kong stock market. In
this regard, the Group will continue to maintain a diversified investment portfolio and closely monitor the performance of its
investments and the market trends to adjust its investment strategies.


Save as disclosed above, there were no other significant investments held by the Group as at 31 March 2025.


MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT
VENTURES
There were no other material acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures during the Year.


FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR CAPITAL ASSETS
Save as disclosed in this annual report, the Group did not have other plans for material investments and capital assets as of
31 March 2025.


CHARGES ON ASSETS
As at 31 March 2025, no assets of the Group were pledged to bank to secure the bank loan and overdrafts granted to the
Group (2024: Nil).


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
As at 31 March 2025 and 2024, the Group did not have any significant contingent liabilities.


EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICIES
As at 31 March 2025, the Group employed 22 (31 March 2024: 18) employees. Total staff costs (including Directors’
emoluments) were approximately HK$6.6 million (2024: approximately HK$7.1 million) for the Year. During the years ended 31
March 2025 and 2024, the Group had no forfeited contributions under the mandatory provident fund scheme in Hong Kong
and the retirement benefit scheme in the PRC that might be used by the Group to reduce the existing level of contributions.
Employees’ remuneration, promotion and salary increments are assessed based on both individual’s and Company’s performance
and individual’s professional and working experience and by reference to the prevailing market practice and standards. The
Company adopted a new share option scheme on 30 September 2021 as an incentive to the Directors and other eligible
participants. The Group also provides and arranges on-the-job training for the employee. The Group regards quality staff as one
of the key factors to corporate success.


EVENT AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
Up to the date of this annual report, there was no significant event relevant to the business or financial performance of the
Group that came to the attention of the Directors after the Year.




                                                                                       Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited   13
BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS



EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. Ip Kwok Kwong (“Mr. Ip”), aged 64, is one of the founding directors of the Group and was appointed as an executive
Director and the managing director of the Company (the “Managing Director”) in December 2010. He is the compliance
officer and an authorised representative of the Company. He is also a member of each of the remuneration committee (the
“Remuneration Committee”) and the nomination committee (the “Nomination Committee”) of the Board, and a director
of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Ip is responsible for overall management and development including frontline
co-ordination with clients, organisations as well as formulation of development strategy of the Group. Professionally, Mr. Ip is a
Chartered Valuation Surveyor, a Registered Professional Surveyor (General Practice) under the Surveyors Registration Ordinance of
Hong Kong and a Registered Business Valuer of the Hong Kong Business Valuation Forum. Mr. Ip was appointed as a committee
member of the People’s Political Consultative Conference of Harbin, the PRC in the second half of 2011 after having received
the Outstanding Entrepreneurship Award from the Enterprise Asia, a non-governmental organisation for entrepreneurship in
mid-2011. Mr. Ip was appointed as an independent non-executive director of Prosperity Investment Holdings Limited on 31 May
2023, the shares of which are listed on the Stock Exchange.


Mr. Wu Di (“Mr. Wu”), aged 44, was appointed as a non-executive Director on 20 November 2014 and redesignated as
an executive Director on 20 July 2015. He was appointed as a member of each of the Remuneration Committee and the
Nomination Committee on 10 May 2017. Mr. Wu is a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. He holds a bachelor’s
degree in business administration from the Dongbei University of Finance and Economics（東北財經大學）in the PRC. He has
over 15 years of experience in strategic planning, corporate management and business development. He has worked for various
corporations and held management positions.


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. Sek Wai Kit (“Mr. Sek”), aged 43, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director, the chairman of the audit
committee of the Board (the “Audit Committee”) and a member of each of the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration
Committee with effect from 31 October 2020. He was awarded a Bachelor of Business (Accounting) degree from the Australian
Catholic University in 2004. He has been a member of CPA Australia since 2009. Mr. Sek has over ten years of experience in the
field of audit and accounting.


Mr. So Kwok Yun (“Mr. So”), aged 63, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director, the chairman of the
Remuneration Committee and a member of each of Audit Committee and the Nomination Committee on 15 December 2017.
He obtained a Bachelor of Arts (Architectural Studies) degree and a Bachelor of Architecture degree from the University of Hong
Kong in 1984 and 1986, respectively. He was admitted as a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Architects in 1988 and a
member of the Royal Institute of British Architects in 1990. He is also currently registered as an Authorized Person under the
Buildings Ordinance (Chapter 123 of the laws of Hong Kong) and a Registered Architect in Hong Kong under the Architects
Registration Ordinance (Chapter 408 of the laws of Hong Kong). Mr. So has over thirty years of experience in the field of
architecture and project management. He has taken up managerial positions with various established architecture and property
development companies and was involved in a number of major commercial and residential property projects in Hong Kong,
China and overseas. In 2003, Mr. So founded his architecture designing business in Shanghai, China. He further established
DPS Design (SH) Co., Ltd.*（世天建築諮詢（上海）有限公司）in 2010 and has been serving as the managing director since its
establishment.




* For identification purpose only



14     Annual Report 2025
BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS



Ms. Zhou Lisi (“Ms. Zhou”), aged 28, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director, a member of each of the
Nomination Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Audit Committee on 24 December 2024 and subsequently
appointed as the chairlady of the Nomination Committee on 31 March 2025. She graduated from Guangzhou Donghua
Vocational College. Ms. Zhou has over 6 years of business management and operation experience and solid business network in
China.




                                                                                 Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited   15
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Pursuant to Rule 18.44 of the GEM Listing Rules, the Board presents the corporate governance report for the Year.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
The Board and the management of the Company are committed to achieving high standards of corporate governance to
safeguard the interests of the Shareholders and enhance the corporate value of the Company. The Company’s corporate
governance practices are based on the principles and code provisions as set out in the Corporate Governance Code contained in
Part 2 of Appendix C1 to the GEM Listing Rules (the “CG Code”).


During the Year, save as disclosed under the paragraph headed “Chairman and Chief Executive Officer” of this corporate
governance report, the Company has complied with the code provisions as set out in the CG Code.


SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS
The Company has adopted the rules set out in Rules 5.48 to 5.67 of the GEM Listing Rules as the code of conduct for dealings
in the securities of the Company by the Directors (the “Required Standard of Dealings”). Having made specific enquiry of all
Directors by the Company, all the Directors confirmed that they had complied with the Required Standard of Dealings during the
Year.


BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Company is governed by the Board which is responsible for overseeing the overall strategy and development of the
Company as well as monitoring the risk management and internal control policies and evaluating the financial performance of
the Group. The Board sets the overall strategy and directions for the Group with a view to developing its business and enhancing
the Shareholders’ value.


The Board is also responsible for performing the corporate governance functions as set out in code provision A.2.1 of the CG
Code, which include among other, developing and reviewing the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance,
reviewing and monitoring the training and continuous professional development of the Directors and senior management and
reviewing and monitoring the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, etc.


During the Year, the Board reviewed the compliance with the CG Code, the disclosure in the corporate governance report and
the effectiveness of the risk management and internal controls systems of the Group through the Audit Committee.


The Board meets regularly at least four times each year, and more frequently as the needs of the business demand, to formulate
overall strategy and monitor business development as well as the financial performance of the Group. The Board has delegated
certain duties and authorities to the management for the day-to-day management of the Group’s operation.


Notices of regular Board meetings are served to all Directors at least 14 days before the meetings. For all other Board meetings,
reasonable notices are given. The agenda together with all relevant meeting materials are sent to all Directors at least 3 days
before each regular Board meetings and at agreed periods for other meetings to enable them to make informed decisions with
adequate information. The Board and each Director also have direct and independent access to the management whenever
necessary.




16      Annual Report 2025
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



As at the date of this annual report, the Board comprises two executive Directors, namely Mr. Ip Kwok Kwong (Managing
Director) and Mr. Wu Di; and three independent non-executive Directors (the “INEDs”), namely Mr. Sek Wai Kit, Mr. So Kwok
Yun and Ms. Zhou Lisi.

During the Year, 4 board meetings and an annual general meeting of the Company (the “AGM”) were held.

Details of attendance records of each Director at the meetings of the Board, the Board committees and the AGM for the Year
are as follows:

                                                           Meetings attended/Meetings eligible to attend
                                                                       Audit      Remuneration         Nomination
                                                           Board    Committee       Committee           Committee                AGM
 Directors
 Executive Directors
   Mr. Ip Kwok Kwong (Managing Director)                     4/4            N/A               2/2                 2/2                1/1
   Mr. Wu Di                                                 4/4            N/A               2/2                 2/2                1/1

 INEDs
    Mr. So Kwok Yun                                          2/2            2/2              2/2                 2/2                 1/1
    Mr. Sek Wai Kit                                          2/2            2/2              2/2                 2/2                 1/1
    Ms. Zhou Lisi (appointed on 24 December 2024)            N/A            N/A              N/A                 N/A                 N/A
    Mr. Tang Wai Kee (resigned on 31 March 2025)             2/2            2/2              2/2                 2/2                 1/1

An executive committee of the Board was formed comprising one executive Director, Mr. Ip Kwok Kwong, to enhance the
day-to-day management and operation of the Group to be run effectively and has been delegated by the Board certain duties
and authority relating to the areas in accounting operation of the Group and contracting with outsiders in the ordinary course of
business of the Group.

The Company had three INEDs, at least one of whom is in possession of appropriate professional qualifications or accounting
or related financial management expertise throughout the Year, in compliance with the GEM Listing Rules. The INEDs, together
with the executive Directors, ensure that the Board prepares its financial and other mandatory reports in strict compliance with
the relevant standards. Each INED has made an annual written confirmation of his independence pursuant to Rule 5.09 of the
GEM Listing Rules and accordingly the Company considers each of them to be independent in accordance with the terms of the
guidelines as set out in Rule 5.09 of the GEM Listing Rules.

Mechanism(s) Ensuring Independent Views Available to the Board
The Company ensures the strong independence of the Board and a sound mechanism to assist the Board in obtaining
independent views and opinions, so that the Board can effectively make independent judgments and improve the accountability
and transparency of the Board to better protect the interests of shareholders. The specific mechanisms include that the
appointment of INED shall be subject to the procedures and requirements of the nomination procedures of the Company, the
GEM Listing Rules and the regulatory requirements on the independence, qualifications and number of INEDs and the diversity of
the Board, and that its independence shall be reported to and confirmed in writing by the Company. The Nomination Committee
assesses the independence of all INEDs annually and confirms that each INED complies with the independence standards set out
in the GEM Listing Rules, and each member of the Nomination Committee shall refrain from assessing their own independence.
The Company encourages Directors to independently contact and consult with the senior management of the Company.
Directors are entitled to seek independent professional advice when performing their duties when necessary, and the costs shall
be borne by the Company. Each INED shall notify the Company as soon as possible in case of any change in their personal
information which may affect their independence. The Board has reviewed and considered that the mechanisms are effective in
ensuring that independent views and input are provided to the Board during the Year.



                                                                                     Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited     17
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



RELATIONSHIP
There was no relationship (including financial, business, family or other material relationship) among the Directors. The
biographical details of each of the Directors as at the date of this annual report are set out in the section headed “Biographies
of Directors” of this annual report.


CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Pursuant to code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, the roles of chairman and chief executive officer should be separate and
should not be performed by the same individual. The division of responsibilities between the chairman and chief executive officer
should be clearly established and set out in writing.


The Company currently does not have any officer who carries the title of the chairman of the Board (the “Chairman”) or chief
executive officer of the Company (the “CEO”) but instead, the roles of both the Chairman and the CEO are performed by Mr. Ip
Kwok Kwong, an executive Director and the Managing Director. The Board believes that vesting the roles of both Chairman
and CEO in the same person provides the Company with strong and consistent leadership, and allows for effective and efficient
planning and implementation of business decisions and strategies.


In addition, as all major decisions are made in consultation with members of the Board and relevant Board committees, and
there are three INEDs offering independent perspectives, the Board is of the view that there are adequate safeguards in place to
ensure sufficient balance of powers within the Board.


The Board will continue to regularly review and monitor its corporate governance practices to ensure compliance with the CG
Code, and maintain a high standard of corporate governance practices of the Company.


APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
The articles of association of the Company (the “Articles”) provide that any Director appointed by the Board to fill a casual
vacancy or as an addition to the existing Board shall hold office until the first general meeting of the Company after his
appointment and be subject to re-election at such meeting. In addition, at each AGM, one-third of the Directors for the time
being (or, if their number is not a multiple of three, the number nearest to but not less than one-third) shall retire from office by
rotation and that every Director shall be subject to retirement at least once every three years. Each of the INEDs are appointed
for a term of not more than three years and subject to retirement by rotation (at least once every three years) and re-election in
accordance with the Articles.


Each of the INEDs has entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for a term of one year to three years and subject
to retirement by rotation and re-election at the AGM pursuant to the Articles.




18    Annual Report 2025
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



DIRECTOR’S PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
Each newly appointed Director receives a comprehensive induction package (the “Package”) designed to enhance his knowledge
and understanding of the Group’s culture and operations. The Package usually includes a briefing or an introduction to the
Group’s structure, businesses strategies, recent developments and governance practices.


To assist the Directors’ continuing professional development, the Company recommends Directors to attend relevant seminars
to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills. All the current Directors were requested to provide the Company with the
records of the training they received. According to the training records maintained by the Company, all the current Directors,
namely Mr. Ip Kwok Kwong, Mr. Wu Di, Mr. So Kwok Yun, Mr. Sek Wai Kit and Ms. Zhou Lisi had participated in continuous
professional development training such as attending external seminars organised by qualified professionals and reading materials
to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills in relation to their contribution to the Board. All the Directors also understand
the importance of continuous professional development and are committed to participating in any suitable training to develop
and refresh their knowledge and skills.


REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
The Board established the Remuneration Committee in May 2011 with written terms of reference in compliance with the CG
Code. As at the date of this annual report, the Remuneration Committee comprises two executive Directors, namely Mr. Ip Kwok
Kwong and Mr. Wu Di; and three INEDs, namely Mr. So Kwok Yun (chairman of the Remuneration Committee), Mr. Sek Wai Kit
and Ms. Zhou Lisi.


The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee are formulating remuneration policies, among others, making
recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of the Directors and senior management of the Group and
reviewing and/or approving matters relating to share schemes under Chapter 23 of GEM Listing Rules. The Directors are
remunerated by reference to their respective duties and responsibility with the Company, the Company’s performance
and current market situation. The Remuneration Committee adopted the advisory model under the CG Code to make
recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual Director and senior management of the Group.


During the Year, the Remuneration Committee held 2 meetings to (i) review the remuneration policy; and (ii) review and
recommend to the Board on the remuneration packages of the Directors (including new Director) and senior management of the
Group.


Details of emoluments of the Directors and senior management (including those members of senior management who are also
the executive Directors) for the Year are set out in note 12 to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                       Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited   19
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



NOMINATION COMMITTEE
The Board established the Nomination Committee in May 2011 with written terms of reference in compliance with the CG
Code. As at the date of this annual report, the Nomination Committee comprises two executive Directors, namely Mr. Ip Kwok
Kwong and Mr. Wu Di; and three INEDs, namely Ms. Zhou Lisi (chairlady of the Nomination Committee), Mr. So Kwok Yun and
Mr. Sek Wai Kit.


The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are reviewing the structure, size and composition of the Board, formulating
relevant procedures for the nomination of Directors, identifying qualified individuals to become members of the Board and
making recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors.


Nomination Policy
The Company has adopted the nomination policy (the “Nomination Policy”) with effect from 1 January 2019 which establishes
written guidelines to Nomination Committee to select individuals to become Board members with reference to the formulated
criteria and make recommendations to the Board in accordance with the nomination procedure. The Board is ultimately
responsible for selection and appointment of new Directors. The Company will review and reassess the Nomination Policy and its
effectiveness on a regular basis or as required.


Nomination Procedures
The Nomination Committee adopts various methods to identify director candidates, including recommendations from Board
members, management and professional search firms. All director candidates, including incumbents and candidates nominated
by shareholders are evaluated by the Nomination Committee based upon the director qualifications. While director candidates
will be evaluated on the same criteria through review of resume, personal interview and performance of background checks.
The Nomination Committee retains the discretion to establish the relative weighting of such criteria, which may vary based on
the composition, skill sets, age, gender and experiences of the collective Board rather than on the individual candidate for the
purpose of diversity perspectives appropriate to the requirement of the Company’s business.


Selection Criteria
The Nomination Committee will take into account whether a candidate has the qualifications, skills, experience and gender
diversity that add to and complement the range of skills, experience and background of existing Directors by considering the
highest personal and professional ethics and integrity of the director candidates, proven achievement and competence in the
nominee’s field and the ability to exercise sound business judgment, skills that are complementary to those of the existing Board,
the ability to assist and support management and make significant contributions to the Company’s success and such other
factors as it may deem are in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders.


During the Year, the Nomination Committee held 2 meetings to (i) review the structure, size and composition of the Board; (ii)
make recommendations to the Board on the re-appointment of retiring Directors and appointment of director; (iii) review the
Nomination Policy; and (iv) assess the independence of the INEDs.




20    Annual Report 2025
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Board established the Audit Committee in May 2011 with written terms of reference in compliance with the CG Code. As
at the date of this annual report, the Audit Committee comprises three INEDs, namely Mr. Sek Wai Kit (chairman of the Audit
Committee), Mr. So Kwok Yun and Ms. Zhou Lisi.


The primary duties of the Audit Committee are supervising the risk management and internal control policies and the financial
reporting systems and procedures of the Company, reviewing the financial statements and reports of the Group, and reviewing
the terms of engagement and the scope of audit work of the Company’s independent auditor (the “Independent Auditor”).


During the Year, the Audit Committee held 2 meetings to (i) review the accounting principles and practices adopt by the Group
with the management and the Independent Auditor; (ii) discuss auditing, internal control and financial reporting matters; (iii)
review the audited consolidated financial statements, including the audited consolidated results for the year ended 31 March
2024 and the unaudited interim results for the six months ended 30 September 2024; and (iv) review the risk management and
internal control systems of the Company.


The Group’s risk management and internal control systems are reviewed regularly by management. With the view of enhancing
the Group’s risk management and internal control systems, during the Year, the Company had independent consultant to
perform the internal audit function to review the Group’s risk management and internal control systems and recommended
actions to improve the risk management and internal controls of the Group.


Based on the review, the Audit Committee is of the view that the Group’s risk management and internal control systems were
generally effective and adequate and in compliance with the requirements of the CG Code D.2.1 for the Year in all material
respects.


BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY
The Board has adopted a Board Diversity policy (the “Policy”) which sets out the approach to achieve and maintain diversity
on the Board in order to enhance the effectiveness of the Board. Pursuant to the Policy, the Company seeks to achieve Board
diversity through the consideration of a number of factors, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and education
background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. The Board will review such objectives
from time to time to ensure their appropriateness and the progress made towards achieving those objectives. The Company will
also take into consideration its own specific needs from time to time in determining the optimum composition of the Board.


Ms. Zhou Lisi was appointed as an INED on 24 December 2024 to comply with Rule 17.104 of the GEM Listing Rules and has
obtained legal advice on 23 December 2024 from a firm of solicitors qualified to advise on Hong Kong law as regards the
requirements under the GEM Listing Rules that are applicable to her as a director of a listed issuer and the possible consequences
of making a false declaration or giving false information to the Stock Exchange, and Ms. Zhou Lisi has confirmed she understood
her obligations as a director of a listed issuer under the GEM Listing Rules.


As at the date of this annual report, the Board comprises 5 Directors, one of whom is a female, with diverse backgrounds and/
or extensive expertise in the Group’s businesses. The Board also has a balanced composition of executive Directors and INEDs so
that there is a strong independent element on the Board, which can effectively exercise independent judgement.




                                                                                      Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited   21
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Based on the Nomination Committee’s review for the Year, the Nomination Committee considered that there was sufficient
diversity in the Board, which comprising one female Director and four male Directors, in accordance with the Board Diversity
Policy and the Board had not set any measurable objectives.


DIVERSITY IN WORKFORCE
As at 31 March 2025, the Group had a total of 22 employees (including the senior management but excluding Directors). The
gender composition of the employees (including the senior management but excluding Directors) was approximately 50% male
employees and 50% female employees. The Group believes that the gender ratio of employees is within the reasonable range.


DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for overseeing the preparation of the consolidated financial statements which
give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Group. In preparing the consolidated financial statements, appropriate
accounting policies and standards are selected and applied consistently. The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties
relating to events or conditions which may cast significant doubt upon the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.


Pursuant to code provision E.1.5 of the CG Code, the annual remuneration of the member of the senior management (other
than the Directors) whose particulars are contained in the section headed “Biographies of Directors” in this annual report for the
Year by band is set out below:


 Remuneration band                                                                                      Number of individual
 Less than HK$1,000,000                                                                                                      Nil

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR AND ITS REMUNERATION
The statement of the Independent Auditor about its reporting responsibilities on the consolidated financial statements of the
Group is set out in the “Independent Auditor’s Report” of this annual report.


The fees paid or payable to the Independent Auditor in respect of the Year amounted to approximately HK$600,000 for audit
services.


COMPANY SECRETARY
Ms. Cheng Lucy (“Ms. Cheng”), the company secretary of the Company (the “Company Secretary”), has been nominated
by Boardroom Corporate Services (HK) Limited (“Boardroom”) under an engagement letter made between the Company
and Boardroom. The primary person at the Company with whom Ms. Cheng has been contacting is Mr. Ip Kwok Kwong, an
executive Director and the Managing Director, in relation to corporate secretarial matters. Ms. Cheng had received no less than
15 hours of relevant professional training for the Year.


RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
The Board acknowledges its responsibility for overseeing the Group’s risk management and internal control systems and
conducted an annual review of the effectiveness of such systems through the Audit Committee. The Group’s system of internal
control is designed to provide reasonable, but not absolute, assurance against material misstatement or loss and to manage
and eliminate risks of failure in operational systems and fulfilment of the business objectives. The risk management and internal
control systems are reviewed on an ongoing basis by the Board in order to make it practical and effective in providing reasonable
assurance in relation to protection of material assets and Shareholders’ interests.



22    Annual Report 2025
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



The Group has formulated a risk management policy and adopted a three-tier risk management approach to identify, assess
and manage different types of risks. At the first line of defence, business units are responsible for identifying, assessing and
monitoring risk associated with each business or transaction. The management, as the second line of defence, defines rule sets
and models, provide technical support, develops new system and oversees portfolio management. It ensures risks are within
acceptable range and that the first line of defence is effective. As the final line of defence, the independent consultant, as an
Internal Audit Function, assists the Audit Committee to review the first and second lines of defence.


The Company does not have internal audit department. The Board currently takes the view that there is no immediate need to
set up an internal audit function in light of the size and nature of the Group’s business. The need for an internal audit function
will be reviewed from time to time.


The Group is committed to the identification, evaluation and management of risks (including environmental, social and
governance (“ESG”) risks) associated with its business activities through ongoing assessment of a risk register, by considering the
likelihood and impact of each identified risk. The Group has implemented an effective control system which includes a defined
management structure with limits of authority, a sound management system and periodic review of the Group’s performance by
the Audit Committee and the Board.


Through the Audit Committee, the Board has conducted an annual review of the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management
and internal control systems for the Year, covering the material financial, operational and compliance controls, which are
considered effective and adequate.


The Audit Committee has reviewed the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programmes and
budget of the accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions as well as those relating to the ESG performance and
reporting on an annual basis.


The Group has formulated a whistleblowing policy for employees, customers and suppliers to raise concerns, in confidence,
about possible improprieties in operation, financial reporting or other matters. Such arrangement will be reviewed by the Audit
Committee which ensures that proper arrangement is in place for fair and independent investigation of the matters.


The Group has also formulated an anti-bribery and corruption policy to promote and support anti-corruption laws and
regulations. The Group is committed to achieving the highest standards of integrity and ethical behaviour in conducting business.


DIVIDEND POLICY
The Company has adopted a dividend policy, a summary of which is disclosed as below.


Any amount of dividends of the Company will be at the discretion of the Directors and will depend on, among other things, the
Company’s trading results, cash flows and financial condition as well as operating and capital requirements. Any declaration and
payment as well as the amount of dividends will be subject to the Company’s constitutional documents and the Companies Law,
Cap 22 (Law 3 of 1961, as consolidated and revised) of the Cayman Islands, including the approval of Shareholders.




                                                                                       Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited   23
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



DISCLOSURE OF INSIDE INFORMATION
The Group acknowledges its responsibilities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance, Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong
(the “SFO”) and the GEM Listing Rules and the overriding principle that inside information should be announced promptly when
it is the subject of a decision. The procedures and internal controls for the handling and dissemination of inside information are
as follows:


•     the Group conducts its affairs with close regard to the disclosure requirements under the GEM Listing Rules as well as the
      “Guidelines on Disclosure of Inside Information” published by the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong in
      June 2012;


•     the Group has implemented and disclosed its policy on fair disclosure by pursuing broad, non-exclusive distribution of
      information to the public through channels such as financial reporting, public announcements and its website;


•     the Group has strictly prohibited unauthorized use of confidential or inside information; and


•     the Group has established and implemented procedures for responding to external enquiries about the Group’s affairs, so
      that only the executive Directors, Company Secretary and investor relations officers are authorized to communicate with
      parties outside the Group.


SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
The general meetings of the Company provide an opportunity for communication between the Shareholders and the Board. An
AGM is held in each year and at the place as may be determined by the Board. Each general meeting, other than an AGM, shall
be called an extraordinary general meeting (the “EGM”).

Pursuant to the Articles, the one or more Shareholders, holding at the date of deposit of the written requisition to the Board
or the Company Secretary not less than ten percent (10%) of the voting rights in the issued share capital of the Company, may
require an EGM to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition; and such meeting
shall be held within 2 months after the deposit of such requisition. If within 21 days of such deposit the Board fails to proceed
to convene such meeting, the requisitionists themselves may do so. Shareholders who wish to move a resolution may request the
Company to convene a general meeting following the procedures set out above.

The written requisition should be signed by the requisitionists and deposited at the head office of the Company (presently at
Unit 506, 5th Floor, New World Tower 1, 18 Queen’s Road Central, Central, Hong Kong), specifying the Shareholders’ contact
details and the business or the resolution intended to be transacted or put forward at the general meeting.

For including a resolution to propose a person for election as a Director at general meeting, Shareholders are requested to follow
the provisions of the Articles. A written notice signed by a Shareholder (other than the person to be proposed) duly qualified to
attend and vote at the general meeting of the Company for which such notice is given of his intention to propose such person
for election and also a written notice signed by the person to be proposed of his willingness to be elected shall have been
lodged at the head office of the Company (presently at Unit 506, 5th Floor, New World Tower 1, 18 Queen’s Road Central,
Central, Hong Kong) provided that the minimum length of the period, during which such notices are given, shall be at least
seven days and that the period for lodgment of such notices shall commence on the day after the despatch of the notice of the




24    Annual Report 2025
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



general meeting of the Company appointed for such election and end no later than seven days prior to the date of such general
meeting. The written notice must state that person’s biographical details as required by Rule 17.50(2) of the GEM Listing Rules.
The procedures for Shareholders to propose a person for election as a Director are posted on the Company’s website.

Shareholders should direct questions about their shareholdings, the change of their corresponding address or dividend
instructions, etc. to the Company’s Hong Kong branch share registrar. Shareholders and the investment community may at any
time make a request for the Company’s information to the extent that such information is publicly available. Shareholders may
also make enquiries to the Board by post to the Company’s head office mentioned above or by email to info@gca.com.hk for
the attention of Mr. Ip Kwok Kwong, the Managing Director.


INVESTOR RELATIONS
The Company believes that maintaining a high level of transparency is a key to enhancing investor relations. It is committed
to a policy of open and timely disclosure of corporate information to its Shareholders and investment public. The Board has
formulated the shareholders’ communication policy to provide Shareholders with information about the Company, allowing
them to engage with the Company and obtain information about the Company for exercising their rights as Shareholders.

The AGM remains the principal forum for dialogue with Shareholders. Shareholders are encouraged to participate in the
proceedings and ask questions about the resolutions being proposed at the AGM and the operations of the Group.

In addition, the Company updates its Shareholders on its latest business developments and financial performance through
its annual, interim and quarterly reports. The corporate website of the Company (www.gca.com.hk) provides an effective
communication platform to the public and the Shareholders.

Shareholders may, at any time, direct questions, request for publicly available information and provide comments and
suggestions to Directors or management of the Company by post to the Company’s head office mentioned above or by email to
info@gca.com.hk for the attention of Mr. Ip Kwok Kwong, the Managing Director.

The Company reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the shareholders’ communication policy and considered it to be
effective for the Year since the policy was able to facilitate an open and on-going communication with the Shareholders on fair
disclosure basis.


CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
During the Year, the Company had not made any changes to the memorandum and articles of association (the “Memorandum
and Articles”).

The Company has posted its latest Memorandum and Articles on the respective websites of the Stock Exchange and the
Company.




                                                                                     Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited   25
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



The Directors present the annual report and the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the Year.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. Details of the principal activities and other particulars of the
Company’s subsidiaries are set out in note 42 to the consolidated financial statements.


RESULTS AND APPROPRIATIONS
The results of the Group for the Year and the state of affairs of the Company and the Group as at 31 March 2025 are set out in
the consolidated financial statements on pages 43 to 115 of this annual report.


The Board has resolved not to recommend the payment of a final dividend for the Year (2024: Nil).


BUSINESS REVIEW AND PERFORMANCE
The fair review of the business of the Group for the Year and the potential future development of the Group’s business and
the performance analysis using key financial performance indicators are set out in the “Managing Director’s Statement”,
“Management Discussion and Analysis”, “Report of the Directors”, “Consolidated Financial Statements” and “Financial
Summary” of this annual report. Description of the principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group can be found throughout
this annual report.


There are no significant nor important event affecting the Group that has occurred since the end of the Year.


ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY
The Group emphasises the importance of energy conservation and environmental protection as part of its corporate culture and
encourages its employees to minimise the use of paper by promoting digitalisation of documents and better use of used paper.
The Group has also participated in a carbon reduction program by replacing all traditional fluorescent lamps with energy-saving
lamps within the working area.


In order to minimise the environmental impact, the Group will continue to review and improve the effectiveness of its
management practices from time to time. The ESG report will be published in the manner required by the GEM Listing Rules.


COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS
The Group mainly carries out its businesses in Hong Kong and the PRC. To the best of the Directors’ knowledge, information and
belief, having made all reasonable enquiries, the Group has complied with all relevant laws and regulations in Hong Kong and
the PRC during the Year.




26    Annual Report 2025
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



RELATIONSHIPS WITH STAKEHOLDERS
The Group recognises employees as valuable assets of the Group and the Group has been motivating the employees by providing
reasonable remuneration package and implementing an annual appraisal system to provide opportunities for career development
within the Group. In addition, the Group also offers other employee benefits, such as the medical and dental insurance, and
training sponsorship, etc.

The Group provides good quality services to the customers and maintains effective communication with them. The Group
treasures the long-term relationships developed with the customers and suppliers. During the Year, there was no material dispute
or argument between the Group and its business partners.

The Company has made substantial efforts to fulfill its corporate social responsibilities by promoting sustainable growth within
the Group and in the society. The Group is committed to providing a safe, healthy and enriching working environment for its
employees. The Group hosted various after-work activities or sporting events for its employees during the Year to promote
the importance of work-life balance. The Group has attached importance to the promotion of anti-corruption and integrity
promotion system. The Group emphasises a code of conduct which forms part of the staff manual. Employees are required to
act with integrity and to report any suspected bribery and money laundering cases. Whistle-blowing procedures are in place,
which allows direct reporting to the chairlady of the Audit Committee. In addition, employees are required to declare any conflict
of interests when performing their duties.

SUMMARY OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION
A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is set out on page 116 of
this annual report.

SHARE CAPITAL
On 26 August 2024, 46,630,000 subscription shares were allotted and issued to a subscriber at the subscription price of
HK$0.1 per subscription share in accordance with the subscription agreement entered into between the Company and Ms.
Ru Xiaoge for the purpose of raising additional funds for the Group’s general working capital needs (the “Subscription”). The
gross proceeds from the Subscription was approximately HK$4.7 million, and the net proceeds from the Subscription, after
deducting of all relevant expenses, was HK$4.6 million. The Company intends to apply the net proceeds from the Subscription
for general working capital of the Group. For further details, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated 23 July
2024 and 30 August 2024. As at 31 March 2025, the net proceeds from the Subscription had been fully utilised for general
working capital which was consistent with that disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 23 July 2024, for further
information in relation to the use of proceeds from the Subscription, please refer to the paragraph headed “Net Proceeds from
the Subscription” in the “Management Discussion and Analysis” in this annual report.

Details of the Company’s share capital are set out in note 35 to the consolidated financial statements.

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles or the laws of the Cayman Islands, the jurisdiction in which
the Company was incorporated, which would oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro rata basis to the existing
Shareholders.




                                                                                       Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited   27
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



PURCHASE, REDEMPTION OR SALE OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
During the Year, the Company did not redeem any of its Shares listed on GEM, nor did the Company or any or its subsidiaries
purchase or sell any of such Shares (including the sale of treasury shares). As at 31 March 2025, there were no treasury shares
held by the Company.

RESERVES
Details of movements in the reserves of the Company and the Group during the Year are set out in note 44 to the consolidated
financial statements and in the consolidated statement of changes in equity on page 47 respectively.


DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
As at 31 March 2025, the Company’s reserve available for distribution to owners of the Company comprising share premium
net of accumulated losses amounted to approximately HK$1,000 (2024: approximately HK$2.3 million) calculated in accordance
with the Companies Law, Cap 22 (Law 3 of 1961, as consolidated and revised) of the Cayman Islands.


RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
Related party transactions of the Group during the Year are disclosed in note 41 to the consolidated financial statements. They
did not constitute “connected transactions” or “continuing connected transactions”, as defined in Chapter 20 of the GEM
Listing Rules, which are required to comply with the disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 20 of the GEM Listing
Rules.


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
During the Year, both the aggregate percentage of sales to the Group’s five largest customers and the aggregate percentage of
purchases from the Group’s five largest suppliers were less than 20% of total sales and purchases of the Group, respectively.


None of the Directors or any of their close associates (as defined in the GEM Listing Rules) or any Shareholders (which, to
the best knowledge of the Directors, own more than 5% of the Company’s issued shares (excluding treasury shares)) has any
beneficial interest in the Group’s five largest customers and suppliers.


REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND THE FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS
Details of the remuneration of the Directors and the five individuals with the highest emoluments are set out in note 12 to the
consolidated financial statements.


Mr. Ip Kwok Kwong waived his director’s fee of HK$126,000 for the Year.


EMOLUMENT POLICY
The Remuneration Committee was established for reviewing the Group’s emolument policy and structure for all remuneration of
the Directors and senior management of the Group, having regard to the Group’s operating results, individual performance and
comparable market practices. The Company has adopted a new share option scheme on 30 September 2021 as an incentive to
the Directors and eligible employees, details of which are set out in the section headed “SHARE OPTION SCHEME” below.




28       Annual Report 2025
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



DIRECTORS
The Directors during the Year and up to the date of this report are:


Executive Directors
Mr. Ip Kwok Kwong (Managing Director)
Mr. Wu Di


INEDs
Mr. Sek Wai Kit
Mr. So Kwok Yun
Ms. Zhou Lisi (appointed on 24 December 2024)
Mr. Tang Wai Kee (resigned on 31 March 2025)


Pursuant to Articles 84(1) and (2) of the Articles, Mr. Ip Kwok Kwong and Mr. Sek Wai Kit will retire from office by rotation at
the forthcoming AGM. Pursuant to Article 83(3) of the Articles, Ms. Zhou Lisi shall hold office only until the first AGM after her
appointment and shall then be eligible for re-election. All the above retiring Directors, being eligible, have offered themselves for
re-election thereat.


The Company has received written confirmations of independence from each of the current INEDs pursuant to Rule 5.09 of the
GEM Listing Rules. As at the date of this report, the Company still considers the current INEDs to be independent.


BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS
The biographical details of the current Directors are set out on pages 14 and 15 of this annual report.


DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS AND LETTERS OF APPOINTMENT
Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company for a term of three years and subject to
retirement by rotation and re-election at the AGM in accordance with the Articles.


Each of the INEDs has entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for a term of one year to three years and subject
to retirement by rotation and re-election at the AGM pursuant to the Articles.


None of the Directors proposed for re-election at the forthcoming AGM has a service contract or letter of appointment with the
Company which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory
compensation.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS OF
SIGNIFICANCE
Save as disclosed in note 41 to the consolidated financial statements, no transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance
in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company or its holding company or any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries
was a party and in which a Director or the Director’s connected entity had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly,
which subsisted at the end of the Year or at any time during the Year.



                                                                                        Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited   29
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER’S INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS
As at 31 March 2025 or during the Year, no contract of significance in relation to business of the Group (whether for the
provision of services to the Group or not) had been entered into between the Company, or any of its subsidiary companies, and
a controlling shareholder of the Company (within the meaning of the GEM Listing Rules) or any of its subsidiaries.


PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
A permitted indemnity provision (within the meaning in Section 469 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance) for the benefit of
the Directors is currently in force and was in force throughout the Year. The Company has taken out and maintained appropriate
insurance cover in respect of potential legal actions against its Directors and officers.


MANAGEMENT CONTRACT
No contracts, other than a contract of service with any Director or any person under the full-time employment of the Company,
concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Company were
entered into or existed during the Year.


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES,
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS ASSOCIATED
CORPORATIONS
As at 31 March 2025, the interests and short positions of the Directors and the chief executive of the Company in the shares,
underlying shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO)
which would have: (a) to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the
SFO (including any interests or short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); or (b)
pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein; or (c) to be notified to the Company and
the Stock Exchange pursuant to Rules 5.46 to 5.67 of the GEM Listing Rules were as follows:


Long positions in the shares of the Company (the “Shares”)
                                                                                                                                              Approximate
                                                                                                                                             percentage of
                                                                                                                            Number of             the issued
                                                                                                                                  issued               Shares
 Name of Director                        Capacity/nature of interests                                                      Shares held               (Note 1)
 Mr. Ip Kwok Kwong                       Interest in controlled corporation and beneficial owner/                             3,108,500                1.11%
     (“Mr. Ip”)                            Corporate interest and personal interest                                              (Note 2)



Notes:


1.       The percentage is calculated on the basis of the total number of issued Shares as at 31 March 2025 (i.e. 279,812,344 Shares).


2.       3,108,500 Shares were held by Brilliant One Holdings Limited (“Brilliant One”) which was wholly owned by GC Holdings Limited (“GC Holdings”). GC
         Holdings was wholly owned by Mr. Ip, an executive Director and the Managing Director. By virtue of the SFO, Mr. Ip was deemed to have interests in all the
         Shares held by Brilliant One.




30       Annual Report 2025
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



Save as disclosed above, as at 31 March 2025, none of the Directors or the chief executive of the Company had any interests
or short positions in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the
meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which would have: (a) to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to
Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under
such provisions of the SFO); or (b) pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein; or (c) to
be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Rules 5.46 to 5.67 of the GEM Listing Rules.


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSONS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT
POSITIONS IN THE SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
As at 31 March 2025, the following corporations which or persons who (other than a Director or the chief executive of the
Company) had interests or short positions in the Shares and the underlying Shares, which were notified to the Company and
the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO and entered in the register maintained by the Company
pursuant to section 336 of the SFO:


Long positions in the Shares
                                                                                                                                                    Approximate
                                                                                                                             Number of             percentage of
                                                                                                                                    issued      the issued Shares
 Name of Shareholders                                 Capacity/nature of interests                                          Shares held                    (Note 1)
 Laberie Holdings Limited (“Laberie”) Beneficial owner/Personal interest                                                     56,000,000                     20.01%
     (Note 2)


 SEEC Media Group Limited                             Interest in a controlled corporation/                                  56,000,000                     20.01%
     (“SEEC Media”) (Note 2)                             Corporate interest


 Ms. Ru Xiaoge (“Ms. Ru”)                             Beneficial owner and spouse/                                           54,377,200                     19.43%
     (Note 3)                                            Personal interest and family interest


 Mr. Liu Shengnan (“Mr. Liu”)                         Beneficial owner and spouse/                                           54,377,200                     19.43%
     (Note 3)                                            Personal interest and family interest


 Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.                          Interest in controlled corporation/                                    50,508,421                     18.05%
     (“Huatai Securities”) (Note 4)                      corporate interest

Notes:


1.       The percentage is calculated on the basis of the total number of issued Shares as at 31 March 2025 (i.e. 279,812,344 Shares).


2.       Laberie was wholly owned by SEEC Media. By virtue of the SFO, SEEC Media was deemed to be interested in all the Shares held by Laberie.


3.       46,630,000 Shares are registered in the name of Ms. Ru, the wife of Mr. Liu and 7,747,200 Shares are registered in the name of Mr. Liu, the husband of Ms.
         Ru. By virtue of the SFO. Ms. Ru is interested in all Shares held by Mr. Liu and Mr. Liu is interested in all Shares held by Ms. Ru.


4.       Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited (“Huatai Financial HK”) is wholly owned by Huatai International Financial Holdings Company Limited (“Huatai
         International”) and Huatai International is in turn wholly owned by Huatai Securities. By virtue of the SFO, Huatai Securities is deemed interested in all Shares
         held by Huatai Financial HK.




                                                                                                                    Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited     31
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



Save as disclosed above, as at 31 March 2025, the Company had not been notified by any corporation which or persons who
(other than a Director or the chief executive of the Company) who had interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying
Shares, which were notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, and
entered in the register maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.


SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS
The Company has adopted the Required Standard of Dealings. The Company had made a specific enquiry with each of the
Directors and all of them confirmed that they had complied with the Required Standard of Dealings during the Year.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
To the best of the Directors’ knowledge, save for SEEC Media, a substantial shareholder of the Company, is engaged in the
business of advertising and sales of books and magazines and marketing related services and money lending business and
securities broking in Hong Kong, none of the Directors or substantial shareholders (as defined in the GEM Listing Rules) of the
Company or their respective close associates (as defined in the GEM Listing Rules) had any interest in the business that competed
or might compete or was likely to complete, either directly or indirectly with the business of the Group during the Year and up
to the date of this report.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Details of the principal corporate governance policies and practices adopted by the Company are set out in the Corporate
Governance Report on pages 16 to 25 of this annual report.


The Company Secretary is Ms. Cheng Lucy, a fellow member of both The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute and The
Chartered Governance Institute in the United Kingdom.


TAX RELIEF
The Company is not aware of any relief from taxation available to the Shareholders by reason of their holding of Shares.




32    Annual Report 2025
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



SHARE OPTION SCHEME

An ordinary resolution was passed at the EGM held on 30 September 2021 approving the adoption of new share option scheme
(the “Scheme”) after the old scheme expired on 17 May 2021 for the purpose of enabling the Group to grant Options to eligible
participants as incentives or rewards for their contribution to the Group.


The principal terms of the Scheme are set out below:


                              Scheme
Eligible Participants         The Directors may, at its absolute discretion, grant Options to the employee, adviser, consultant,
                              service provider, agent, customer, partner or joint-venture partner of the Company or any
                              subsidiary (including any director of the Company or any subsidiary) who is in full-time or part-
                              time employment with or otherwise engaged by the Company or any subsidiary (the “Eligible
                              Participants”).


                              “Eligible participants” has the meaning ascribed to it under the amended Chapter 23 of the
                              GEM Listing Rules (the “Amended Chapter 23”), which takes effect from 1 January 2023.


Maximum Number                (a)   Under the Amended Chapter 23, the maximum number of Shares which may be issued
 of Shares                          upon the exercise of all outstanding Options granted and yet to be exercised under the
                                    Scheme and any other share schemes of the Group adopted by our Group must not in
                                    aggregate exceed 10% of the Shares in issue from the date of approval of the share option
                                    scheme and other share schemes of the Group.


                              (b)   The total number of the Shares which may be allotted and issued upon the exercise of all
                                    Options (excluding, for this purpose, options which have lapsed in accordance with the
                                    terms of the Scheme and any other share option scheme of our Group) to be granted
                                    under the Scheme and any other share option scheme of our Group must not in aggregate
                                    exceed 10% of the Shares in issue on 30 September 2021 (the “Adoption Date”) (i.e.
                                    116,591,172 Shares).


                              On 29 August 2022, a resolution has been approved by the Shareholders to refresh the limit of
                              granting Option under the Scheme from 116,591,172 Shares to 23,318,234 Shares (the “Scheme
                              Mandate Limit”), representing 10% of the number of issued consolidated Shares as at 29 August
                              2022. More information can be referred in the Company’s circular dated 28 July 2022.


                              Under the Amended Chapter 23, the Company may seek approval of the Shareholders in
                              general meeting once every three years or by independent Shareholders within the three-year
                              period to refresh the Scheme Mandate Limit provided that the total number of Shares which
                              may be allotted and issued upon exercise of all Options to be granted under the Scheme and
                              any other share schemes of our Group must not exceed 10% of the Shares in issue as of the
                              date of approval of the limit. For the purpose of calculating the limit, Options (including those
                              outstanding, cancelled, lapsed or exercised in accordance with the Scheme and any other share
                              schemes of our Group) previously granted under the Share Option Scheme and any other share
                              schemes of our Group will not be counted.



                                                                                      Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited   33
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



                          Scheme
Maximum Entitlement       The total number of Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of the Options granted to each
 of Each Eligible         grantee (including both exercised and outstanding Options) in any 12-month period must not
 Participant              exceed 1% of the Shares in issue. Where any further grant of Options to an Eligible Participant
                          would result in the Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of all Options granted and to be
                          granted to such person (including exercised, cancelled and outstanding Options) in the 12-month
                          period up to and including the date of such further grant representing in aggregate over 1% of
                          the Shares in issue, such further grant must be separately approved by Shareholders in general
                          meeting with such Eligible Participant and his/her/its associates abstaining from voting.


                          Where any grant of Options to any of the directors, chief executive or substantial shareholder of
                          the Company, or any of their respective associates must be approved by the INEDs (excluding the
                          INED who is the proposed grantee of the Option (if any)).


                          Where any grant of Options to a substantial shareholder of the Company or an INED, or any
                          of their respective associates, would result in the Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise
                          of all Options already granted and to be granted (including Options exercised, cancelled and
                          outstanding) to such person in the 12-month period up to and including the date of such grant:


                          (i)    representing in aggregate over 0.1% of the Shares in issue; and


                          (ii)   having an aggregate value, based on the closing price of the Shares at the date of each
                                 grant, in excess of HK$5 million,


                          such further grant of Options must be approved by Shareholders.


Grant and Acceptance      An offer shall be made to an Eligible Participant in writing in such form as the Directors may
  of Options              from time to time determine and shall remain open for acceptance by the Eligible Participant
                          concerned for a period of 21 days from the date upon which it is made provided that no such
                          offer shall be open for acceptance after the 10th anniversary of the adoption date of the Scheme
                          or the termination of the same.


                          An offer shall be deemed to have been accepted by an Eligible Participant when the duplicate
                          letter comprising acceptance of the offer duly signed by the Eligible Participant together with a
                          non-refundable consideration of HK$1.00 are received by the Company.


Exercise of Options       An Option may be exercised at any time during the period to be determined and identified by
                          the Board to each grantee at the time of making an offer for the grant of an Option, but in any
                          event no later than 10 years from the date of grant but subject to the early termination of the
                          Scheme.




34   Annual Report 2025
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



                                        Scheme
Vesting Period                          There is no specified minimum period under the Scheme for which an Option must be held or
                                        the performance target which must be achieved before an Option can be exercised under the
                                        terms and conditions of the Scheme, the Board may in its absolute discretion, set vesting period
                                        and/or vesting conditions such as any performance targets on a case-by-case basis.


Price of Shares                         The subscription price for Shares under the Scheme shall be determined at the discretion of the
                                        Directors but in any event will not be less than the highest of (a) the closing price of the Shares
                                        on the Stock Exchange as shown in the daily quotations sheet of the Stock Exchange on the
                                        date of grant of the particular Option, which must be a business day; (b) the average of the
                                        closing price of the Shares as shown in the daily quotations sheets of the Stock Exchange for the
                                        five business days immediately preceding the date of grant of that particular Option; and (c) the
                                        nominal value of a Share on the offer date of the particular Option.


Duration of the                         The Scheme will remain in force for a period of 10 years commencing on the date on which the
 Scheme                                 Scheme is adopted, i.e. 30 September 2021.


A summary of the movements of the outstanding Options under the Scheme during the Year is as follows:

                                         Number of underlying Shares comprised in Options
                         Outstanding                                                            Outstanding
                               as at      Granted     Exercised       Lapsed      Cancelled           as at    Exercise
                              1 April   during the   during the    during the    during the       31 March        price    Date of
 Eligible participants          2024         Year         Year          Year           Year           2025    per Share      grant    Exercised period
                                                                                                                   HK$

 Directors
 Mr. Ip Kwok Kwong         2,331,823            –            –     (2,331,823)              –             –       0.275    7.7.2022   7.7.2022-6.7.2024 (both dates inclusive)
 Mr. Wu Di                 2,331,823            –            –     (2,331,823)              –             –       0.275    7.7.2022   7.7.2022-6.7.2024 (both dates inclusive)
 Mr. Sek Wai Kit           2,331,823            –            –     (2,331,823)              –             –       0.275    7.7.2022   7.7.2022-6.7.2024 (both dates inclusive)
 Employees                16,322,765            –            –    (16,322,765)              –             –       0.275    7.7.2022   7.7.2022-6.7.2024 (both dates inclusive)


                          23,318,234            –            –    (23,318,234)              –             –



Note: All Option granted were fully vested immediately on the respective dates of grant.



Save as disclosed above, no Options under the Scheme were granted or exercised or cancelled or lapsed during the Year.


The total number of Options available for grant under the Scheme at the beginning and at the end of the Year were 23,318,234.


The total number of Shares that may be issued in respect of Options granted under all schemes of the Company during the Year
divided by the weighted average number of Shares in issue (excluding treasury shares) for the Year was Nil.


As at the date of this report, there were a total of 23,318,234 Shares available for issue under the Scheme, which represented
approximately 8.33% of the issued Shares (excluding treasury shares).




                                                                                                                   Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited                 35
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



ARRANGEMENTS FOR DIRECTORS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
Save as disclosed in the section headed “SHARE OPTION SCHEME” above, at no time during the Year was the Company, its
subsidiaries, fellow subsidiaries and holding company or its other associated corporations a party to any arrangement to enable
the Directors or chief executives of the Company (including their spouse and children under 18 years of age) to acquire benefits
by means of the acquisition of shares or underlying shares in, or debentures of, the Company or its associated corporations.


EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENT
Save for the share options scheme, details of which are set out under the section headed “SHARE OPTION SCHEME” in this
report, the Company has not entered into any equity-linked agreement during the Year or subsisted at the end of the Year.


SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the best knowledge of the Directors as at the
latest practicable date prior to the issue of this annual report, there has been a sufficient public float of the issued Shares as
required under the GEM Listing Rules (i.e. at 25% of the issued Shares (excluding treasury shares) in public hands) throughout
the Year and as at the date of this report.


CHANGES IN INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS
In accordance with Rule 17.50A(1) of the GEM Listing Rules, changes of the information of the Directors during the Year,
required to be disclosed, are set out as below:


1.    The monthly remuneration of each of the following INEDs has been adjusted for the Year from HK$12,000 to HK$6,000:


      a.    Mr. So Kwok Yun; and
      b.    Mr. Sek Wai Kit.


2.    The monthly salary of Mr. Ip Kwok Kwong, an executive Director has been adjusted from HK$300,000 to HK$104,000 for
      the Year. He also waived his director’s fee of HK$126,000 for the Year.


3.    Ms. Zhou Lisi was appointed as an INED on 24 December 2024 and a member of each of the Nomination Committee,
      the Remuneration Committee and the Audit Committee. On 31 March 2025, Ms. Zhou was appointed as the chairlady
      of the Nomination Committee after the resignation of Mr. Tang Wai Kee as an INED and a member of the Remuneration
      Committee and Audit Committee.


4.    Mr. Tang Wai Kee resigned as an INED, the chairman of the Nomination Committee and a member of each of the Audit
      Committee and the Remuneration Committee with effect from 31 March 2025.


REVIEW BY AUDIT COMMITTEE
As at the date of this report, the Audit Committee comprises three members, namely Mr. Sek Wai Kit, Mr. So Kwok Yun and Ms.
Zhou Lisi, all being INEDs. Mr. Sek Wai Kit is the chairman of the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee has reviewed with the
management the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company for the Year.




36    Annual Report 2025
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



INDEPENDENT AUDITOR
There has been no changes in the Independent Auditor in any of the preceding three years.


The consolidated financial statements for the Year have been audited by McMillan Woods (Hong Kong) CPA Limited who will
retire at the forthcoming AGM and, being eligible, will offer itself for re-appointment. A resolution for the re-appointment of
McMillan Woods (Hong Kong) CPA Limited as the Independent Auditor will be proposed at the forthcoming AGM.




On behalf of the Board
Ip Kwok Kwong
Executive Director and Managing Director


Hong Kong, 26 June 2025




                                                                                    Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited   37
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
ASIA-PAC FINANCIAL INVESTMENT COMPANY LIMITED
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited and its subsidiaries
(collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 43 to 115, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial
position as at 31 March 2025, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated
statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated
financial statements, including a summary of material accounting policy information.


In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group
as at 31 March 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in
accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and
have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for
Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We
believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion
on these matters. We have determined impairment of the Group’s trade and loan receivables to be the key audit matter to be
communicated in our report:




38    Annual Report 2025
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)
Key Audit Matter                                             How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter
Impairment of the Group’s trade and loan receivables


Refer to the summary of material accounting policy           Our procedures in relation to this matter included:
information in note 4(x), critical judgements and key
estimates in note 5(b), financial risk management in         Obtaining an understanding of, evaluating and validating the
note 6(c) and the relevant disclosures in note 22 and 23     Group’s credit policies and internal control on ECL assessment;
to the consolidated financial statements.
                                                             Selecting samples to assess the reasonableness of management
The Group tested the amount of trade and loan                judgement on whether the credit risk has increased significantly
receivables for impairment in accordance with expected       since initial recognition and whether credit impairment has
credit loss (“ECL”) model under HKFRS 9.                     occurred;


The measurement of ECL requires the application of           With the assistance of auditor’s expert, assessing the reasonableness
significant judgement and increased complexity which         of the Group’s ECL models by examining the model input used
include the identification of exposures with a significant   by management to form such judgements, including testing the
deterioration in credit quality, and assumptions and         accuracy of the historical default data and loss given default,
estimates used in the ECL models.                            evaluating whether the historical loss rates are appropriately
                                                             adjusted based on current economic conditions and forward-
As at 31 March 2025, the Group has trade and loan            looking information and assessing whether there was an indication
receivables of approximately HK$17,297,000 (net of           of management bias when recognising loss allowances;
loss allowance of ECL of approximately HK$4,227,000)
and HK$38,156,000 (net of loss allowance of ECL of           Recalculating the amount of the ECL on trade and loan receivables
approximately HK$46,013,000).                                and assessing the appropriateness and adequacy of the ECL as at
                                                             31 March 2025;
Due to the significant amount of trade and loan
receivables (with carrying amount representing               Reviewing settlements after the financial year end relating to the
approximately 50% of total assets), the corresponding        trade and loan receivables as at 31 March 2025; and
uncertainty inherent in such estimates and a
considerable amount of judgement is required in              Reviewing the appropriateness of the disclosures of credit risk and
assessing the recoverability of the trade and loan           ECL made in the consolidated financial statements.
receivables and therefore we considered this as a key
audit matter.




                                                                                      Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited   39
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



OTHER INFORMATION
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all the information included in the
Company’s annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing
so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge
obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that
there is a material misstatement of the other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND AUDIT COMMITTEE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in
accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as
a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting
unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.


The Audit Committee assists the directors in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting
process.


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. We report our
opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement and for no other purpose. We do not
assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will
always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material
if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the
basis of these consolidated financial statements.




40    Annual Report 2025
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued)
As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional skepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
      or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and
      appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is
      higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations,
      or the override of internal control.

•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate
      in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
      disclosures made by the directors.

•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
      evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt
      on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required
      to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such
      disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the
      date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going
      concern.

•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures,
      and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that
      achieves fair presentation.

•     Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the
      entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We
      are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for the purposes of the group audit.
      We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.


We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on
our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.




                                                                                          Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited   41
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued)
From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the
audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these
matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare
circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of
doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.




McMillan Woods (Hong Kong) CPA Limited
Certified Public Accountants


Yeung Man Sun
Audit Engagement Director
Practising Certificate Number – P07606


24/F., Siu On Centre
188 Lockhart Road, Wan Chai, Hong Kong


Hong Kong, 26 June 2025




42    Annual Report 2025
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the year ended 31 March 2025




                                                                                                     2025                   2024
                                                                               Notes             HK$’000               HK$’000
 Service fee income                                                             8                  25,349                23,585
 Loan interest income                                                           8                    4,919                 5,905


 Total revenue                                                                                     30,268                29,490


 Cost of services rendered                                                                          (8,137)               (8,814)


 Gross profit                                                                                      22,131                20,676


 Other income and other gains or losses                                         9                    3,789                      902
 Administrative expenses                                                                          (17,380)              (21,300)
 Fair value changes on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
   (“FVTPL”)                                                                                         1,160              (19,131)
 Impairment losses on loan receivables                                                            (16,871)              (21,076)
 Impairment losses on trade receivables                                                             (1,829)                 (419)
 Impairment losses on other receivables and deposits                                                  (269)               (1,188)
 Impairment losses on property, plant and equipment                                                       –                     (19)
 Impairment losses on intangible assets                                                                   –                 (560)
 Impairment losses on goodwill                                                                            –               (8,792)
 Gain on disposal of financial assets at FVTPL                                                       1,952                        –


 Loss from operations                                                                               (7,317)             (50,907)


 Finance costs                                                                  10                  (2,176)               (2,194)


 Loss before tax                                                                11                  (9,493)             (53,101)


 Income tax credit                                                              13                        –                       –


 Loss for the year                                                                                  (9,493)             (53,101)


 Other comprehensive loss after tax:
 Item that may be reclassified to profit or loss:
 Exchange differences on translating foreign operations                                                 (13)                (440)


 Total comprehensive loss for the year                                                              (9,506)             (53,541)




                                                                                Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited     43
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the year ended 31 March 2025




                                                                    2025       2024
                                                          Notes   HK$’000    HK$’000
 Loss for the year attributable to:
     Owners of the Company                                         (8,765)   (52,306)
     Non-controlling interests                                       (728)      (795)


                                                                   (9,493)   (53,101)


 Total comprehensive loss for the year attributable to:
     Owners of the Company                                         (8,773)   (52,664)
     Non-controlling interests                                       (733)      (877)


                                                                   (9,506)   (53,541)


 Loss per share (HK cents)                                 16
     Basic                                                          (3.36)    (22.43)


     Diluted                                                         N/A         N/A




44     Annual Report 2025
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
As at 31 March 2025




                                                                   2025                  2024
                                               Notes             HK$’000               HK$’000
 Non-current assets
 Property, plant and equipment                  17                     288                  362
 Right-of-use assets                            18                     144                  825
 Intangible assets                              19                     460                  750
 Goodwill                                       20                       –                    –
 Investment in an associate                     21                       –                    –
 Loan receivables                               22                   2,428               53,695


                                                                     3,320               55,632


 Current assets
 Trade receivables                              23                 17,297                10,082
 Prepayments, deposits and other receivables    24                  7,539                 8,916
 Loan receivables                               22                 35,728                 4,577
 Financial assets at FVTPL                      25                 37,372                31,404
 Bank balances and cash                         26                  8,926                 3,363
 Tax recoverable                                                       54                    54


                                                                 106,916                 58,396


 Current liabilities
 Trade payables                                 27                  2,395                 3,911
 Accruals and other payables                    28                 30,874                28,078
 Amount due to a director                       29                 12,497                11,432
 Contract liabilities                           30                  1,474                 1,289
 Other borrowings                               32                 13,675                     –
 Lease liabilities                              31                    151                   705
 Tax payables                                                          79                    75


                                                                   61,145                45,490


 Net current assets                                                45,771                12,906


 Total assets less current liabilities                             49,091                68,538




                                                Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited   45
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
As at 31 March 2025




                                                                                                2025          2024
                                                                               Notes          HK$’000       HK$’000
 Non-current liabilities
 Promissory notes                                                               33                24,200     23,600
 Other borrowings                                                               32                     –     15,053
 Lease liabilities                                                              31                     –       151


                                                                                                  24,200     38,804


 NET ASSETS                                                                                       24,891     29,734


 Capital and reserves
 Share capital                                                                  35                27,982     23,319
 Reserves                                                                       36                (4,413)     4,360


 Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                                     23,569     27,679
 Non-controlling interests                                                                         1,322      2,055


 TOTAL EQUITY                                                                                     24,891     29,734


Approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 26 June 2025.




                           Ip Kwok Kwong                                               Wu Di
                              Director                                                 Director




46    Annual Report 2025
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the year ended 31 March 2025




                                                                                       Attributable to the owners of the Company

                                                                                                             Foreign
                                                                                                            currency
                                                                         Share                            translation     Share options      Accumulated                  Non-controlling
                                                Share capital         premium      Capital reserve            reserve            reserve           losses    Sub-total          interests    Total equity
                                                                (note 36 (b)(i))   (note 36 (b)(ii)) (note 36 (b)(iii)) (note 36 (b)(iv))
                                         Note       HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000          HK$’000      HK$’000            HK$’000        HK$’000

 At 1 April 2023                                      23,319           608,005              5,359                 (62)             4,291         (560,569)     80,343              2,932          83,275
 Lapse of share options                  37                –                  –                  –                  –             (1,524)          1,524             –                  –               –
 Total comprehensive loss for the year                     –                  –                  –               (358)                 –          (52,306)     (52,664)              (877)       (53,541)


 Changes in equity for the year                            –                  –                  –               (358)            (1,524)         (50,782)     (52,664)              (877)       (53,541)


 At 31 March 2024 and 1 April 2024                    23,319           608,005              5,359                (420)             2,767         (611,351)     27,679              2,055          29,734
 Issuance of shares                      35            4,663                  –                  –                  –                  –                –       4,663                   –          4,663
 Lapse of share options                  37                –                  –                  –                  –             (2,767)          2,767             –                  –               –
 Total comprehensive loss for the year                     –                  –                  –                 (8)                 –           (8,765)      (8,773)              (733)         (9,506)


 Changes in equity for the year                        4,663                  –                  –                 (8)            (2,767)          (5,998)      (4,110)              (733)         (4,843)


 At 31 March 2025                                     27,982           608,005              5,359                (428)                 –         (617,349)     23,569              1,322          24,891




                                                                                                                                            Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited              47
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




                                                                                     2025       2024
                                                                                   HK$’000    HK$’000
 Cash flows from operating activities
 Loss before tax                                                                    (9,493)   (53,101)
 Adjustments for:
   Bank interest income                                                                (14)        (16)
   Amortisation of intangible assets                                                   290        570
   Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                        76          95
   Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                 681        676
   Impairment losses on goodwill                                                         –      8,792
   Impairment losses on trade receivables                                            1,829        419
   Impairment losses on loan receivables                                            16,871     21,076
   Impairment losses on other receivables and deposits                                 269      1,188
   Impairment losses on property, plant and equipment                                    –          19
   Impairment losses on intangible assets                                                –        560
   Gain on waiver of interest expense on other borrowings                           (2,665)          –
   Fair value change on financial assets at FVTPL                                   (1,160)    19,131
   Gain on disposals of financial assets at FVTPL                                   (1,952)          –
   Finance costs                                                                     2,176      2,194
   Net exchange loss                                                                     –           2


 Operating profit before working capital changes                                     6,908      1,605
  Increase in trade receivables                                                     (9,045)    (1,215)
  Decrease/(increase) in loan receivables                                              370     (4,744)
  Decrease in prepayments, deposits and other receivables                            1,086      3,070
  (Decrease)/increase in trade payables                                             (1,507)       917
  Increase in contract liabilities                                                     185        216
  Increase/(decrease) in accruals and other payables                                 2,522       (726)
     Increase in amount due to a director                                            1,065      2,568
     Payments for financial assets at FVTPL                                         (3,232)          –
     Proceeds from sale of financial assets at FVTPL                                 3,539           –


 Cash generated from operations and net cash generated from operating activities     1,891      1,691




48     Annual Report 2025
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




                                                                    2025                  2024
                                                Notes             HK$’000               HK$’000
 Cash flows from investing activities
 Bank interest received                                                  14                      16
 Purchases of property, plant and equipment                               (3)                     (8)


 Net cash from investing activities                                      11                       8


 Cash flows from financing activities
 Proceed from issuance of shares                                      4,663                        –
 Interest paid on other borrowings                                     (258)                       –
 Interest expenses on lease liabilities paid                             (31)                    (49)
 Principal elements of lease payments paid                             (705)                 (653)


 Net cash from/(used) in financing activities                         3,669                  (702)


 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                            5,571                      997
 Cash and cash equivalents at 1 April                                 3,363                 2,553
 Net effect of foreign exchange rate changes                              (8)                (187)


 Cash and cash equivalents at 31 March                                8,926                 3,363


 Analysis of cash and cash equivalents           26                   8,926                 3,363




                                                 Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited     49
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




1.   GENERAL INFORMATION
     Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands under the
     Companies Law as an exempted company with limited liability on 3 December 2010. The address of its registered office is
     Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, P.O. Box 2681, Grand Cayman KY1-1111, Cayman Islands. The principal place of business
     is Unit 506, 5th Floor, New World Tower 1, 18 Queen’s Road Central, Central, Hong Kong. The Company’s shares are listed
     on GEM of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) since 31 May 2011.


     The Company is an investment holding company. The principal activities of the Company and its subsidiaries are set out in
     note 42 to the consolidated financial statements.


2.   BASIS OF PREPARATION
     These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with all applicable HKFRS Accounting Standards
     (which in collective term includes Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRS”), Hong Kong Accounting Standards
     (“HKASs”) and Interpretations issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”) and
     accounting principles generally accepted in Hong Kong. These consolidated financial statements also comply with the
     applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on GEM of the Stock Exchange (the “GEM
     Listing Rules”) and with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. A summary of material
     accounting policies information adopted by the Group are discussed below.


     The HKICPA has issued certain new and revised HKFRS Accounting Standards that are first effective or available for early
     adoption for the current accounting period of the Group. Note 3 provides information on any changes in accounting
     policies resulting from initial application of these developments to the extent that they are relevant to the Group for the
     current and prior accounting periods reflected in these consolidated financial statements.


3.   ADOPTION OF NEW AND REVISED HKFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
     (a)   Application of new and revised HKFRS Accounting Standards
           The Group has applied the following new and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards issued by the HKICPA
           for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the annual period beginning on or after 1 April 2024 for the
           preparation of the consolidated financial statements:


           Amendments to HKAS 1                            Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current
           Amendments to HKAS 1                            Non-current Liabilities with Covenants
           Amendments to HKFRS 16                          Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback
           Hong Kong Interpretation 5                      Presentation of Financial Statements – Classification by the Borrower
              (“HK Int 5”) (Revised)                         of a Term Loan that Contains a Repayment on Demand Clause
           Amendments to HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7                Supplier Finance Arrangements


           The application of the new and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards in the current year has had no material
           impact on the Group’s consolidated financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the
           disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.




50   Annual Report 2025
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




3.   ADOPTION OF NEW AND REVISED HKFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS (Continued)
     (b) New and revised HKFRS Accounting Standards in issue but not yet effective
           The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards and
           interpretation that have been issued but are not yet effective for the financial year beginning 1 April 2024. These
           new and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards and interpretation include the following which may be
           relevant to the Group.


                                                                                                                       Effective for
                                                                                                              accounting periods
                                                                                                           beginning on or after


           Amendments to HKAS 21 and HKFRS 1 – Lack of Exchangeability                                               1 January 2025
           Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 – Classification and Measurement of                                     1 January 2026
              Financial Instruments
           Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 – Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent                                1 January 2026
              Electricity
           Annual Improvements to HKFRS Accounting Standards – Volume 11                                             1 January 2026
           HKFRS 18 – Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements                                            1 January 2027
           HKFRS 19 – Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures                                        1 January 2027
           Amendments to HK Int 5 – Presentation of Financial Statements – Classification by                         1 January 2027
              the Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains a Repayment on Demand Clause
           Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 – Sale or Contribution of Assets between                             To be determined
              an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture                                                          by the HKICPA

           The Group is in the process of making an assessment of what the impact of these new/revised HKFRS Accounting
           Standards and Ints is expected to be in the period of initial application. So far it has concluded that the adoption
           of them is unlikely to have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements except for HKFRS 18 –
           Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements which may have impact as follows:


           HKFRS 18 “Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements”

           HKFRS 18 will replace HKAS 1 “Presentation of financial statements”, introducing new requirements that will help
           to achieve comparability of the financial performance of similar entities and provide more relevant information
           and transparency to users. Even though HKFRS 18 will not impact the recognition or measurement of items in
           the consolidated financial statements, HKFRS 18 introduces significant changes to the presentation of financial
           statements, with a focus on information about financial performance present in the statement of profit or loss, which
           will affect how the Group present and disclose financial performance in the financial statements. The key changes
           introduced in HKFRS 18 relate to (i) the structure of the statement of profit or loss, (ii) required disclosures for
           management-defined performance measures (which are referred to alternative or non-GAAP performance measures),
           and (iii) enhanced requirements for aggregation and disaggregation of information.


           The directors of the Company are currently assessing the impact of applying HKFRS 18 on the presentation and the
           disclosures of the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                    Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited   51
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
     These consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, unless mentioned
     otherwise in the accounting policies below (e.g. certain financial instruments that are measured at fair value).


     The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with HKFRS Accounting Standards requires the use of
     certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of applying the
     Group’s accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions
     and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial statements are disclosed in note 5.


     The material accounting policies information applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set
     out below.


     (a)   Consolidation
           The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries made
           up to 31 March. Subsidiaries are entities over which the Group has control. The Group controls an entity when it
           is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those
           returns through its power over the entity. The Group has power over an entity when the Group has existing rights
           that give it the current ability to direct the relevant activities, i.e. activities that significantly affect the entity’s returns.

           When assessing control, the Group considers its potential voting rights as well as potential voting rights held by
           other parties. A potential voting right is considered only if the holder has the practical ability to exercise that right.

           Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are de-consolidated
           from the date the control ceases.

           The gain or loss on the disposal of a subsidiary that results in a loss of control represents the difference between (i)
           the fair value of the consideration of the sale plus the fair value of any investment retained in that subsidiary and (ii)
           the Company’s share of the net assets of that subsidiary plus any remaining goodwill and any accumulated foreign
           currency translation reserve relating to that subsidiary.

           Intragroup transactions, balances and unrealised profits are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless
           the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have
           been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

           Non-controlling interests represent the equity in subsidiaries not attributable, directly or indirectly, to the Company.
           Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position and consolidated
           statement of changes in equity within equity. Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated statement
           of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as an allocation of profit or loss and total comprehensive income
           for the year between the non-controlling shareholders and owners of the Company.

           Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the Company and
           to the non-controlling shareholders even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.




52   Annual Report 2025
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     (a)   Consolidation (Continued)
           Changes in the Company’s ownership interest in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted
           for as equity transactions (i.e. transactions with owners in their capacity as owners). The carrying amounts of the
           controlling and non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative interests in the subsidiary.
           Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted and the fair value of the
           consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to the owners of the Company.

           In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less impairment loss,
           unless the investment is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group that is classified as held for sale).
           Cost includes direct attributable costs of investments. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company
           on the basis of dividend received or receivable.

           Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from these investments
           if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the dividend is declared or
           if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial statements exceeds the carrying amount in the
           consolidated financial statements of the investee’s net assets including goodwill.

     (b) Associates
           Associates are entities over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to participate
           in the financial and operating policy decisions of an entity but is not control or joint control over those policies. The
           existence and effect of potential voting rights that are currently exercisable or convertible, including potential voting
           rights held by other entities, are considered when assessing whether the Group has significant influence. In assessing
           whether a potential voting right contributes to significant influence, the holder’s intention and financial ability to
           exercise or convert that right is not considered.


           Investment in an associate is accounted for in the consolidated financial statements by the equity method and is
           initially recognised at cost. Identifiable assets and liabilities of the associate in an acquisition are measured at their fair
           values at the acquisition date. The excess of the cost of the investment over the Group’s share of the net fair value
           of the associate’s identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill which is included in the carrying amount of
           the investment. Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the
           cost of acquisition is recognised in consolidated profit or loss.


           The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate may be impaired.
           When any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of the investment (including goodwill) is tested
           for impairment in accordance with HKAS 36 as a single asset by comparing its recoverable amount (higher of
           value in use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its carrying amount. Any impairment loss recognised is not
           allocated to any asset, including goodwill, that forms part of the carrying amount of the investment. Any reversal
           of that impairment loss is recognised in accordance with HKAS 36 to the extent that the recoverable amount of the
           investment subsequently increases.




                                                                                           Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited   53
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     (b) Associates (Continued)
           The Group’s share of an associate’s post-acquisition profits or losses and other comprehensive income is recognised
           in consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income. When the Group’s share of losses in an
           associate equals or exceeds its interest in the associate (which includes any long-term interests that, in substance,
           form part of the Group’s net investment in the associate), the Group does not recognise further losses, unless it has
           incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate. If the associate subsequently reports profits, the
           Group resumes recognising its share of those profits only after its share of the profits equals the share of losses not
           recognised.


           The gain or loss on the disposal of an associate that results in a loss of significant influence represents the
           difference between (i) the fair value of the consideration of the sale plus the fair value of any investment retained
           in that associate and (ii) the Group’s entire carrying amount of that associate (including goodwill) and any related
           accumulated foreign currency translation reserve. If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint
           venture, the Group continues to apply the equity method and does not remeasure the retained interest.


           Unrealised profits on transactions between the Group and its associates are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s
           interests in the associates. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an
           impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of associates have been changed where necessary to ensure
           consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.


     (c)   Foreign currency translation
           (i)    Functional and presentation currency

                  Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency of
                  the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”). The consolidated
                  financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars, which is the Company’s functional and presentation
                  currency.


           (ii)   Transactions and balances in each entity’s financial statements

                  Transactions in foreign currencies are translated into the functional currency on initial recognition using the
                  exchange rates prevailing on the transaction dates. Monetary assets and liabilities in foreign currencies are
                  translated at the exchange rates at the end of each reporting period. Gains and losses resulting from this
                  translation policy are recognised in profit or loss.


                  Non-monetary items that are measured at fair value in foreign currencies are translated using the exchange
                  rates at the dates when the fair values are determined.




54   Annual Report 2025
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     (c)   Foreign currency translation (Continued)
           (ii)    Transactions and balances in each entity’s financial statements (Continued)

                   When a gain or loss on a non-monetary item is recognised in other comprehensive income, any exchange
                   component of that gain or loss is recognised in other comprehensive income. When a gain or loss on a non-
                   monetary item is recognised in profit or loss, any exchange component of that gain or loss is recognised in
                   profit or loss.


           (iii)   Translation on consolidation

                   The results and financial position of all the Group entities that have a functional currency different from the
                   Company’s presentation currency are translated into the Company’s presentation currency as follows:


                   –     Assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position presented are translated at the closing rate
                         at the date of that statement of financial position;


                   –     Income and expenses are translated at average exchange rates for the period (unless this average is not
                         a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in
                         which case income and expenses are translated at the exchange rates on the transaction dates); and


                   –     All resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the
                         foreign currency translation reserve.


                   On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of monetary items that form part of the net
                   investment in foreign entities are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the foreign
                   currency translation reserve. When a foreign operation is sold, such exchange differences are reclassified to
                   consolidated profit or loss as part of the gain or loss on disposal.


                   Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign entity are treated as assets and
                   liabilities of the foreign entity and translated at the closing rate.




                                                                                           Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited   55
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     (d) Property, plant and equipment
           Property, plant and equipment are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost, less subsequent
           accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated impairment losses, if any.


           Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only
           when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the
           item can be measured reliably. All other repairs and maintenance are recognised in profit or loss during the period in
           which they are incurred.


           Depreciation of property, plant and equipment is calculated at rates sufficient to write off their cost less their residual
           values over the estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis. The principal annual rates are as follows:


           Leasehold improvement                                                Over the lease term or 5 years whichever is shorter
           Furniture and equipment                                                                                            5 years
           Office equipment                                                                                              4 to 5 years
           Motor vehicle                                                                                                      5 years


           The residual values, useful lives and depreciation method are reviewed and adjusted, if appropriate, at the end of
           each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.


           An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits
           are expected to arise from continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss on derecognition of property, plant and
           equipment is the difference between the net sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant asset, and is
           recognised in profit or loss.


           When an item of property, plant and equipment is classified as held for sale or when it is part of a disposal group
           classified as held for sale, it is not depreciated and is accounted for in accordance with HKFRS 5, as further explained
           in the accounting policy for “Non-current assets held for sale and discontinued operations”.




56   Annual Report 2025
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     (e)   Intangible assets
           Intangible assets acquired are measured on initial recognition at cost. The useful lives of intangible assets are
           assessed to be whether finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with finite lives are subsequently amortised over the
           useful live and assessed for impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired.
           The amortisation period and the amortisation method for an intangible asset with a finite useful life are reviewed at
           least at each financial year end.


     (f)   Leases
           At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains,
           a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for
           consideration. Control is conveyed where the customer has both the right to direct the use of the identified asset
           and to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from that use.


           (i)   The Group as a lessee

                 Where the contract contains lease component(s) and non-lease component(s), the Group has elected not
                 to separate non-lease components and accounts for each lease component and any associated non-lease
                 components as a single lease component for all leases.


                 At the lease commencement date, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability, except for
                 short-term leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less and leases of low-value assets which, for the
                 Group are primarily laptops and office furniture. When the Group enters into a lease in respect of a low-
                 value asset, the Group decides whether to capitalise the lease on a lease-by-lease basis. The lease payments
                 associated with those leases which are not capitalised are recognised as an expense on a systematic basis over
                 the lease term.


                 Where the lease is capitalised, the lease liability is initially recognised at the present value of the lease payments
                 payable over the lease term, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be
                 readily determined, using a relevant incremental borrowing rate. Lease payments to be made under reasonably
                 certain extension options are also included in the measurement of the lease liability. After initial recognition,
                 the lease liability is measured at amortised cost and interest expense is calculated using the effective interest
                 method. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or rate are not included in the measurement
                 of the lease liability and hence are charged to profit or loss in the accounting period in which they are incurred.




                                                                                         Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited   57
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     (f)   Leases (Continued)
           (i)   The Group as a lessee (Continued)
                  To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group:

                  –       where possible, uses recent third-party financing received by the individual lessee as a starting point,
                          adjusted to reflect changes in financing conditions since third party financing was received;

                  –       uses a build-up approach that starts with a risk-free interest rate adjusted for credit risk for leases held by
                          the group entities, which do not have recent third-party financing; and

                  –       makes adjustments specific to the lease, e.g. term, country, currency and security.

                  If a readily observable amortising loan rate is available to the individual lessee (through recent financing or
                  market data) which has a similar payment profile to the lease, then the group entities use that rate as a
                  starting point to determine the incremental borrowing rate.

                  The right-of-use asset recognised when a lease is capitalised is initially measured at cost, which comprises the
                  initial amount of the lease liability plus any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, and
                  any initial direct costs incurred. Where applicable, the cost of the right-of-use assets also includes an estimate
                  of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which
                  it is located, discounted to their present value, less any lease incentives received. The right-of-use asset is
                  subsequently stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses.

                  Right-of-use assets in which the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the underlying leased
                  assets at the end of the lease term are depreciated from commencement date to the end of the useful life.
                  Otherwise, right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful
                  life and the lease term.

                  Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under HKFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value. Adjustments
                  to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and included in the cost of right-
                  of-use assets.

                  The lease liability is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in
                  an index or rate, or there is a change in the Group’s estimate of the amount expected to be payable under
                  a residual value guarantee, or there is a change arising from the reassessment of whether the Group will
                  be reasonably certain to exercise a purchase, extension or termination option. When the lease liability is
                  remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset,
                  or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been reduced to zero.

                  The lease liability is also remeasured when there is a change in the scope of a lease or the consideration for a
                  lease that is not originally provided for in the lease contract (“lease modification”) that is not accounted for
                  as a separate lease. In this case the lease liability is remeasured based on the revised lease payments and lease
                  term using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification. The only exceptions are any rent
                  concessions which arose as a direct consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic and which satisfied the conditions
                  set out in paragraph 46B of HKFRS 16. In such cases, the group took advantage of the practical expedient
                  set out in paragraph 46A of HKFRS 16 and recognised the change in consideration as if it were not a lease
                  modification.


58   Annual Report 2025
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     (f)   Leases (Continued)
           (ii)   The Group as a lessor

                  When the Group acts as a lessor, it determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease or
                  an operating lease. A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all the risks and rewards
                  incidental to the ownership of an underlying assets to the lessee. If this is not the case, the lease is classified as
                  an operating lease.


     (g) Contract assets and contract liabilities
           Contract asset is recognised when the Group recognises revenue before being unconditionally entitled to the
           consideration under the payment terms set out in the contract. Contract assets are assessed for expected credit
           losses (“ECL”) in accordance with the policy set out in note 4(x) and are reclassified to receivables when the right to
           the consideration has become unconditional.


           A contract liability is recognised when the customer pays consideration before the Group recognises the related
           revenue. A contract liability would also be recognised if the group has an unconditional right to receive consideration
           before the Group recognizes the related revenue. In such cases, a corresponding receivable would also be recognised.


           For a single contract with the customer, either a net contract asset or a net contract liability is presented. For multiple
           contracts, contract assets and contract liabilities of unrelated contracts are not presented on a net basis.


           When the contract includes a significant financing component, the contract balance includes interest accrued under
           the effective interest method.


     (h) Goodwill
           Goodwill is measured at cost less accumulated impairment losses. For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill
           acquired in a business combination is allocated to each of the cash-generating units (“CGUs”) or groups of CGUs
           that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination. Each unit or group of units to which the goodwill
           is allocated represents the lowest level within the Group at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management
           purposes. Goodwill impairment reviews are undertaken annually, or more frequently if events or changes in
           circumstances indicate a potential impairment. The carrying value of the CGU containing the goodwill is compared to
           its recoverable amount, which is the higher of value in use and the fair value less costs of disposal. Any impairment
           is recognised immediately as an expense and is not subsequently reversed.




                                                                                          Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited   59
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     (i)   Recognition and derecognition of financial instruments
           Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position when the
           Group entity becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.


           Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are directly
           attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets and
           financial liabilities at FVTPL) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities,
           as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or
           financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are recognised immediately in profit or loss.


           The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or
           when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another
           entity. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership and continues
           to control the transferred asset, the Group recognises its retained interest in the asset and an associated liability for
           amounts it may have to pay. If the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred
           financial asset, the Group continues to recognise the financial asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing for
           the proceeds received.


           The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged, cancelled
           or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised and the
           consideration paid and payable, including any non-cash assets transferred or liabilities assumed, is recognised in
           profit or loss.


           Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the statement of financial position when
           there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis
           or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The legally enforceable right must not be contingent on
           future events and must be enforceable in the normal course of business and in the event of default, insolvency or
           bankruptcy of the company or the counterparty.


     (j)   Financial assets
           All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular
           way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame
           established by regulation or convention in the marketplace. All recognised financial assets are measured subsequently
           in their entirety at either amortised cost or fair value, depending on the classification of the financial assets.


           Debt instruments

           Debt instruments held by the Group are classified into one of the following measurement categories:


           –      amortised cost, if the instrument is held for the collection of contractual cash flows which represent solely
                  payments of principal and interest. Interest income from the instrument is calculated using the effective interest
                  method.



60   Annual Report 2025
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     (j)   Financial assets (Continued)
           Debt instruments (Continued)

           –     FVTOCI – recycling, if the contractual cash flows of the investment comprise solely payments of principal and
                 interest and the investment is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both the collection
                 of contractual cash flows and sale. Changes in fair value are recognised in other comprehensive income, except
                 for the recognition in profit or loss of expected credit losses, interest income (calculated using the effective
                 interest method) and foreign exchange gains and losses. When the investment is derecognised, the amount
                 accumulated in other comprehensive income is recycled from equity to profit or loss.


           –     FVTPL if the investment does not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI (recycling).
                 Changes in the fair value of the investment (including interest) are recognised in profit or loss.


           Equity investments

           An investment in equity securities is classified as FVTPL unless the equity investment is not held for trading purposes
           and on initial recognition of the investment the Group makes an election to designate the investment at FVTOCI
           (non-recycling) such that subsequent changes in fair value are recognised in other comprehensive income. Such
           elections are made on an instrument-by-instrument basis, but may only be made if the investment meets the
           definition of equity from the issuer’s perspective. Where such an election is made, the amount accumulated in other
           comprehensive income remains in the fair value reserve (non-recycling) until the investment is disposed of. At the
           time of disposal, the amount accumulated in the fair value reserve (non-recycling) is transferred to retained earnings.
           It is not recycled through profit or loss. Dividends from an investment in equity securities, irrespective of whether
           classified as at FVTPL or FVTOCI, are recognised in profit or loss as other income.


     (k)   Trade and other receivables
           A receivable is recognised when the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration. A right to receive
           consideration is unconditional if only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.
           If revenue has been recognised before the group has an unconditional right to receive consideration, the amount is
           presented as a contract asset.


           Receivables are stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method less allowance for credit losses.


     (l)   Cash and cash equivalents
           Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand, demand deposits with banks and other financial
           institutions, and short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash
           and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, having been within three months of maturity
           at acquisition. Bank overdrafts that are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the group’s cash
           management are also included as a component of cash and cash equivalents for the purpose of the consolidated
           statement of cash flow. Cash and cash equivalents are assessed for ECL.




                                                                                       Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited   61
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     (m) Financial liabilities and equity instruments
           Financial liabilities and equity instruments are classified according to the substance of the contractual arrangements
           entered into and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument under HKFRS Accounting Standards.
           An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of the Group after deducting all
           of its liabilities. The accounting policies adopted for specific financial liabilities and equity instruments are set out
           below.

     (n) Borrowings
           Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred, and subsequently measured at
           amortised cost using the effective interest method.

           Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless at the end of the reporting period, the Group has a right to defer
           settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period.

           Covenants that the Group is required to comply with, on or before the end of the reporting period, are considered
           in classifying loan arrangements with covenants as current or non-current. Covenants that the Group is required to
           comply with after the reporting period do not affect the classification at the reporting date.

     (o) Trade and other payables
           Trade and other payables are recognised initially at their fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost
           using the effective interest method unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which case they are
           stated at cost.

     (p) Equity instruments
           An equity instrument is any contract that evidence a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting all
           of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recorded at the proceeds received, net of direct issue
           costs.

     (q) Revenue and other income
           Revenue is recognised when control over a product or service is transferred to the customer, at the amount of
           promised consideration to which the Group is expected to be entitled, excluding those amounts collected on behalf
           of third parties. Revenue excludes value added tax or other sales taxes and is after deduction of any trade discounts.

           For all financial instruments measured at amortised cost and interest-bearing financial instruments, interest income
           is recorded at the effective interest rate, which is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts over
           the expected life of the financial instrument or a shorter period, where appropriate, to the net carrying amount of
           the financial asset. The calculation takes into account all contractual terms of the financial instrument and includes
           any fees or incremental costs that are directly attributable to the instrument and are an integral part of the effective
           interest rate, but not future credit losses. The carrying amount of the financial asset is adjusted if the Group revises
           its estimates of receipts. The adjusted carrying amount is calculated based on the original effective interest rate and
           the change in the carrying amount is recorded as interest income.

           Once the value of a financial asset or a group of similar financial assets had been reduced due to an impairment
           loss, interest income continues to be recognised using the original effective interest rate applied to the new carrying
           amount.



62   Annual Report 2025
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     (q) Revenue and other income (Continued)
           Advertising services is recognised when the related advertisements are telecasted or displayed.


           Revenue from the provision of asset appraisal services, corporate services and consultancy services is recognised
           when the services are rendered and the amount of revenue can be measured reliably, and it is probable that the
           economic benefits associated with the transactions will flow to the Group. Revenue from asset appraisal services is
           recognised by reference to the percentage of completion of the transaction. Revenue from the provision of corporate
           services and consultancy services with specified period is generally recognised on a straight-line basis over the period
           of services.


     (r)   Employee benefits
           i)     Employee leave entitlements

                  Employee entitlements to annual leave and long service leave are recognised when they accrue to employees.
                  A provision is made for the estimated liability for annual leave and long service leave as a result of services
                  rendered by employees up to the end of the reporting period.


                  Employee entitlements to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time of leave.


           ii)    Pension obligations

                  The Group contributes to defined contribution retirement schemes which are available to all employees.
                  Contributions to the schemes by the Group and employees are calculated as a percentage of employees’ basic
                  salaries. The retirement benefit scheme cost charged to profit or loss represents contributions payable by the
                  Group to the funds.


                  For LSP obligation, the Group accounts for the employer MPF contributions expected to be offsetted as a
                  deemed employee contribution towards the LSP obligation in term of HKAS 19 paragraph 93(a) and it is
                  measured on a net basis. The estimated amount of future benefit is determined after deducting the negative
                  service cost arising from the accrued benefits derived from the Group’s MPF contributions that have been
                  vested with employees, which are deemed to be contributions from the relevant employees.


           iii)   Termination benefits

                  Termination benefits are recognised at the earlier of the dates when the Group can no longer withdraw the
                  offer of those benefits, and when the Group recognises restructuring costs and involves the payment of
                  termination benefits.


     (s)   Share-based payments
           The Group issues equity-settled share-based payments to certain employees. Equity-settled share-based payments are
           measured at the fair value (excluding the effect of non-market based vesting conditions) of the equity instruments
           at the date of grant. The fair value determined at the grant date of the equity-settled share-based payments is
           expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of shares that will eventually
           vest and adjusted for the effect of non-market based vesting conditions.



                                                                                      Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited   63
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     (s)   Share-based payments (Continued)
           The Group issues equity-settled share-based payments to certain directors, employees and consultants.


           Equity-settled share-based payments to directors and employees are measured at the fair value (excluding the effect
           of non-market based vesting conditions) of the equity instruments at the date of grant. The fair value determined
           at the grant date of the equity-settled share-based payments is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting
           period, based on the Group’s estimate of shares that will eventually vest and adjusted for the effect of non-market
           based vesting conditions.


           Equity-settled share-based payments to consultants are measured at the fair value of the services rendered or, if the
           fair value of the services rendered cannot be reliably measured, at the fair value of the equity instruments granted.
           The fair value is measured at the date the Group receives the services and is recognised as an expense.


     (t)   Borrowing costs
           Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which are
           assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are capitalised
           as part of the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or
           sale. Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on
           qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.


           To the extent that funds are borrowed generally and used for the purpose of obtaining a qualifying asset, the amount
           of borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation is determined by applying a capitalisation rate to the expenditures on
           that asset. The capitalisation rate is the weighted average of the borrowing costs applicable to the borrowings of the
           Group that are outstanding during the period, other than borrowings made specifically for the purpose of obtaining
           a qualifying asses. Any specific borrowing that remain outstanding after the related asset is ready for its intended use
           or sale is included in the general borrowing pool for calculation of capitalisation rate on general borrowings.


           All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.


     (u) Government grants
           A government grant is recognised when there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the conditions
           attaching to it and that the grant will be received.


           Government grants relating to income are deferred and recognised in profit or loss over the period to match them
           with the costs they are intended to compensate.


           Government grants that become receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred or for the
           purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are recognised in profit or
           loss in the period in which they become receivable.




64   Annual Report 2025
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     (v)   Taxation
           Income tax represents the sum of the current tax and deferred tax.


           The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit recognised in profit
           or loss because of items of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that are never
           taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or
           substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.


           Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the
           consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit.
           Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences and deferred tax assets are
           generally recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits
           will be available against which deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such assets and liabilities are not
           recognised if the temporary difference arises from goodwill or from the initial recognition (other than in a business
           combination) of other assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting
           profit, and at the time of transaction does not give rise to equal taxable or deductible temporary differences.


           Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries and
           associates, and interests in joint arrangements, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the
           temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.


           The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the
           extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to
           be recovered.


           Deferred tax is calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period when the liability is settled or the
           asset is realised, based on tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting
           period. Deferred tax is recognised in profit or loss, except when it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive
           income or directly in equity, in which case the deferred tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or
           directly in equity.


           The measurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the
           manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of
           its assets and liabilities.


           For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises the right-of-use
           assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax deductions are attributable to the
           right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.




                                                                                        Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited   65
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     (v)   Taxation (Continued)
           For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group applies HKAS
           12 requirements to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities separately. The Group recognises a deferred tax asset
           related to lease liabilities to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the
           deductible temporary differences can be utilised and a deferred tax liability for all taxable temporary differences.


           Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets
           against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the
           Group intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.


     (w) Impairment of non-financial assets
           Intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life or that are not yet available for use are reviewed for impairment
           annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable.


           The carrying amounts of other non-financial assets are reviewed at each reporting date for indications of impairment
           and where an asset is impaired, it is written down as an expense through the consolidated statement of profit or loss
           to its estimated recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset
           does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets or groups of assets. If this
           is the case, recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs. Recoverable
           amount is the higher of value in use and the fair value less costs of disposal of the individual asset or the cash-
           generating unit.


           Value in use is the present value of the estimated future cash flows of the asset/cash-generating unit. Present values
           are computed using pre-tax discount rates that reflect the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset/
           cash-generating unit whose impairment is being measured.


           Impairment losses for cash-generating units are allocated first against the goodwill of the unit and then pro rata
           amongst the other assets of the cash-generating unit. Subsequent increases in the recoverable amount caused by
           changes in estimates are credited to profit or loss to the extent that they reverse the impairment unless the relevant
           asset is carried at a revalued amount, in which case the reversal of the impairment loss is treated as a revaluation
           increase.




66   Annual Report 2025
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     (x)   Impairment of financial assets and contracts assets
           The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses on trade receivables, loan receivables, other
           receivables and deposits, cash and cash equivalents. The amount of expected credit losses is updated at each
           reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition of the respective financial instrument.


           The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables. The expected credit losses on these financial assets
           are estimated using a provision matrix based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors
           that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current as well as the
           forecast direction of conditions at the reporting date, including time value of money where appropriate.


           For all other financial instruments, the Group recognises lifetime ECL when there has been a significant increase
           in credit risk since initial recognition. However, if the credit risk on the financial instrument has not increased
           significantly since initial recognition, the Group measures the loss allowance for that financial instrument at an
           amount equal to 12-month ECL.


           Lifetime ECL represents the expected credit losses that will result from all possible default events over the expected
           life of a financial instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to
           result from default events on a financial instrument that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date.


           Significant increase in credit risk

           In assessing whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition,
           the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument at the reporting date with the risk
           of a default occurring on the financial instrument at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment,
           the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including
           historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort. Forward-
           looking information considered includes the future prospects of the industries in which the Group’s debtors operate,
           obtained from economic expert reports, financial analysts, governmental bodies, relevant think-tanks and other
           similar organisations, as well as consideration of various external sources of actual and forecast economic information
           that relate to the Group’s core operations.




                                                                                         Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited   67
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     (x)   Impairment of financial assets and contracts assets (Continued)
           Significant increase in credit risk (Continued)

           In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has increased
           significantly since initial recognition:


           –       an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available) or internal
                   credit rating;


           –       significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk for a particular financial instrument;


           –       existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected to cause a
                   significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;


           –       an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;


           –       significant increases in credit risk on other financial instruments of the same debtor;


           –       an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological environment of
                   the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations.


           Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk on a financial asset has
           increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due, unless
           the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.


           Despite the foregoing, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a financial instrument has not increased significantly
           since initial recognition if the financial instrument is determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date. A
           financial instrument is determined to have low credit risk if:


           (i)     the financial instrument has a low risk of default,


           (ii)    the debtor has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term, and


           (iii)   adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the longer term may, but will not necessarily, reduce
                   the ability of the borrower to fulfil its contractual cash flow obligations.


           The Group considers a financial asset to have low credit risk when the asset has external credit rating of “investment
           grade” in accordance with the globally understood definition or if an external rating is not available, the asset has an
           internal rating of “performing”. Performing means that the counterparty has a strong financial position and there is
           no past due amounts.


           The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a significant
           increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable of identifying significant
           increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.



68   Annual Report 2025
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     (x)   Impairment of financial assets and contracts assets (Continued)
           Significant increase in credit risk (Continued)

           Definition of default

           The Group considers the following as constituting an event of default for internal credit risk management purposes
           as historical experience indicates that receivables that meet either of the following criteria are generally not
           recoverable.


           –     when there is a breach of financial covenants by the counterparty; or


           –     information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay
                 its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any collaterals held by the Group).


           Irrespective of the above analysis, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is more than
           90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate that a more lagging
           default criterion is more appropriate.


           Credit-impaired financial assets

           A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future
           cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes observable
           data about the following events:


           –     significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the counterparty;


           –     a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;


           –     the lender(s) of the counterparty, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the counterparty’s financial
                 difficulty, having granted to the counterparty a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not otherwise consider;


           –     it is becoming probable that the counterparty will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation; or


           –     the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties.


           Write-off policy

           The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the debtor is in severe financial
           difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, including when the debtor has been placed under liquidation
           or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings. Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities
           under the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate. Any recoveries made are
           recognised in profit or loss.




                                                                                       Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited   69
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     (x)   Impairment of financial assets and contracts assets (Continued)
           Write-off policy (Continued)
           Measurement and recognition of ECL
           The measurement of expected credit losses is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the
           magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default
           and loss given default is based on historical data adjusted by forward looking information as described above. As for
           the exposure at default, for financial assets, this is represented by the assets’ gross carrying amount at the reporting
           date.

           For financial assets, the expected credit loss is estimated as the difference between all contractual cash flows that
           are due to the Group in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive,
           discounted at the original effective interest rate.

           If the Group has measured the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an amount equal to lifetime ECL in the
           previous reporting period, but determines at the current reporting date that the conditions for lifetime ECL are no
           longer met, the Group measures the loss allowance at an amount equal to 12-month ECL at the current reporting
           date, except for assets for which simplified approach was used.

           The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments with a corresponding
           adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account, except for investments in debt instruments
           that are measured at FVTOCI, for which the loss allowance is recognised in other comprehensive income and
           accumulated in the investment revaluation reserve, and does not reduce the carrying amount of the financial asset in
           the statement of financial position.

     (y)   Provisions and contingent liabilities
           Provisions are recognised for liabilities of uncertain timing or amount when the Group has a present legal or
           constructive obligation arising as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be
           required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made. Where the time value of money is material,
           provisions are stated at the present value of the expenditures expected to settle the obligation. The discount rate
           used to determine the present value is a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of
           money and the risks specific to the liability. The increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognised as
           interest expense.

           Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be estimated
           reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow is remote. Possible
           obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more future
           events are also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the probability of outflow is remote.

     (z)   Events after the reporting period
           Events after the reporting period that provide additional information about the Group’s position at the end of the
           reporting period are adjusting events and are reflected in the consolidated financial statements. Events after the
           reporting period that are not adjusting events are disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements
           when material.


70   Annual Report 2025
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




5.   CRITICAL JUDGEMENTS AND KEY ESTIMATES
     In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in note 4, the directors of the Company are
     required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not
     readily apparent from other sources.


     The estimates and underlying assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be
     relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates. The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an
     ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision
     affects only that period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future
     periods.


     Critical judgements in applying accounting policies
     In the process of applying the accounting policies, the directors of the Company have made the following judgements
     that have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements (apart from those
     involving estimations, which are dealt with below).


     Significant increase in credit risk

     As explained in note 4(x), ECL under general approach are measured as an allowance equal to 12-month ECL for stage
     1 assets, or lifetime ECL for stage 2 or stage 3 assets. An asset moves to stage 2 when its credit risk has increased
     significantly since initial recognition. HKFRS 9 does not define what constitutes a significant increase in credit risk. In
     assessing whether the credit risk of an asset has significantly increased the Group takes into account qualitative and
     quantitative reasonable and supportable forward looking information.


     Key sources of estimation uncertainty
     The key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting
     period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within
     the next financial year, are discussed below.


     (a)   Depreciation for property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and amortisation for intangible assets

           The Group determines the estimated useful lives, residual values and related depreciation or amortisation charges for
           the Group’s property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets. These estimates are based on
           the historical experience of the actual useful lives and residual values of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use
           assets and intangible assets of similar nature and functions. The Group will revise the charge rates where useful lives
           and residual values are different to those previously estimated, or it will write off or write-down technically obsolete
           or non-strategic assets that have been abandoned.


           As at 31 March 2025, the carrying amounts of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible
           assets were approximately HK$288,000, HK$144,000 and HK$460,000 (2024: HK$362,000, HK$825,000 and
           HK$750,000) respectively.




                                                                                      Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited   71
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




5.   CRITICAL JUDGEMENTS AND KEY ESTIMATES (Continued)
     Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)
     (b)   Impairment of trade and loan receivables

           The management of the Group estimates the amount of impairment loss for ECL on trade and loan receivables based
           on the credit risk of trade and loan receivables. The amount of the impairment loss based on ECL model is measured
           as the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in accordance with the contract and
           all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the effective interest rate determined at initial
           recognition. Where the future cash flows are less than expected, or being revised downward due to changes in facts
           and circumstances, a material impairment loss may arise.


           As at 31 March 2025, the carrying amounts of trade and loan receivables was approximately HK$17,297,000 (2024:
           HK$10,082,000) (net of allowance for doubtful debts of approximately HK$4,227,000 (2024: HK$2,399,000))
           and approximately HK$38,156,000 (2024: HK$58,272,000) (net of allowance for doubtful debts of approximately
           HK$46,013,000 (2024: HK$29,142,000)) respectively.


     (c)   Impairment of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets

           Determining whether property, plant and equipment and intangible assets are impaired requires an estimation of the
           value-in-use of the cash-generating units to which property, plant and equipment and intangible assets have been
           allocated. The value-in-use calculation requires the Group to estimate the future cash flows expected to arise from
           the cash-generating unit and a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value. Where the actual future
           cash flows are less than the expected, or change in facts and circumstances which results in downward revision of
           future cash flows or upward revision of discount rate, a material impairment loss or further impairment loss may
           arise.


           The carrying amount of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets as at 31 March 2025 was approximately
           HK$288,000 (2024: HK$362,000) and HK$460,000 (2024: HK$750,000) respectively. Impairment losses of
           approximately HK$Nil (2024: HK$19,000) and HK$Nil (2024: HK$560,000) were recognised during the year in
           respect of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets. Details of the impairment loss calculation are
           provided in note 20 to the consolidated financial statements.




72   Annual Report 2025
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




6.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
     The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: foreign currency risk, price risk, credit risk, interest rate risk
     and liquidity risk. The Group’s overall risk management programme focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and
     seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance. The board of directors review and agree
     policies for managing each of these risks and they are summarised below.


     (a)   Foreign currency risk
           The Group has minimal exposure to foreign currency risk as most of the business transactions, assets and liabilities of
           the Group’s entities are principally denominated in their respective functional currencies.


           The Group currently does not have a foreign currency hedging policy in respect of foreign currency transactions,
           assets and liabilities. The Group will monitor its foreign currency exposure closely and will consider hedging
           significant foreign currency exposure should the need arise.


     (b) Price risk
           As set out in note 25 to the consolidated financial statements, the Group’s listed investments designated at financial
           assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Therefore, the Group’s investments
           in listed equity securities are exposed to equity securities price risk. The management manages this exposure by
           monitoring the change of market prices of the equity securities from time to time, and by maintaining a portfolio of
           investments with different risk profiles.


           At 31 March 2025, if the price per share of the investments increases/decreases by 10%, loss after tax for the year
           would have been decreased/increased by approximately HK$3,121,000 (2024: approximately HK$2,622,000), arising
           as a result of the fair value changes of the investments.


     (c)   Credit risk
           The Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk in the event that counterparties fail to perform their obligations at
           the end of reporting period in relation to each class of recognised financial assets is the carrying amounts of those
           assets as stated in the consolidated statement of financial position. The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable
           to its trade receivables, loan receivables, deposits and other receivables, and bank balances and cash. In order to
           minimise credit risk, the directors of the Company have delegated a team to be responsible for the determination of
           credit limits, credit approvals and other monitoring procedures to ensure that follow-up actions are taken to recover
           overdue debts. In addition, the directors of the Company review the recoverable amount of debt regularly to ensure
           that adequate impairment losses are recognised for irrecoverable debts. The credit risk on bank balances is limited
           because the counterparties are banks and financial institutions with high credit-ratings assigned by international
           credit-rating agencies. In this regard, the directors of the Company consider that the Group’s credit risk is significantly
           reduced.




                                                                                          Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited   73
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




6.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
     (c)   Credit risk (Continued)
           Trade receivables

           The Group has concentration of credit risk in certain individual customers. As at 31 March 2025, approximately
           15.5% (2024: 25.0%) of total trade receivables (net of allowance) were concentrated in largest customer of the
           Group, and approximately 65.6% (2024: 62.9%) of the total trade receivables (net of allowance) were concentrated
           in largest five customers of the Group. The Group seeks to minimise its risk by dealing with counterparties which
           have good credit history.


           The Group has policies in place to ensure that service are provided to customers with an appropriate credit history.
           The credit quality of the counterparties in respect of trade receivables is assessed by taking into account their
           financial position, credit history and other factors. Given the constant repayment history, the directors are of the
           opinion that the risk of default by these counterparties is low.


           Customer credit risk is managed by each business unit subject to the Group’s established policy, procedures and
           control relating to customer credit risk management. Individual credit evaluations are performed on all customers
           requiring credit over a certain amount. These evaluations focus on the customer’s past history of making payments
           when due and current ability to pay, and take into account information specific to the customer as well as pertaining
           to the economic environment in which the customer operates. Trade receivables are generally due within 14 days
           from the date of billing.


           The movements in impairment losses on trade receivables are as follows:


                                                                                                      2025               2024
                                                                                                   HK$’000           HK$’000
             At 1 April                                                                               2,399             1,980
             Impairment losses recognised during the year                                             1,829               419
             Exchange realignment                                                                         (1)                –


             At 31 March                                                                              4,227             2,399




74   Annual Report 2025
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




6.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
     (c)   Credit risk (Continued)
           Trade receivables (Continued)

           The Group applies the simplified approach under HKFRS 9 to provide for ECL using the lifetime expected credit
           loss provision for all trade receivables. To measure the ECL, as the Group’s historical credit loss experience does not
           indicate significantly different loss patterns for different customer segments, the ECL based on past due status is not
           further distinguished between the Group’s different customer bases. The Group has performed historical analysis
           and identified the economic variable credit risk and expected credit loss. The ECL also incorporate forward looking
           information.


                                                                  Up to         3 to 6            6 to 12            Over
                                                               3 months        months            months        12 months
                                                  Current      past due       past due          past due         past due                Total
             At 31 March 2025
             Weighted average expected
               loss rate (percentage)                 2%            5%           17%                27%              77%
             Receivable amount (HK$’000)           12,142         1,880           224              3,356            3,922           21,524
             Loss allowance (HK$’000)                (187)          (89)           (38)              (890)          (3,023)         (4,227)


             At 31 March 2024
             Weighted average expected
               loss rate (percentage)                 3%            4%           13%                25%              69%
             Receivable amount (HK$’000)            4,302         2,429          1,172             2,611            1,967           12,481
             Loss allowance (HK$’000)                (122)          (94)          (155)              (662)          (1,366)          (2,399)


           The increase in loss allowance on trade receivables during the year ended 31 March 2025 was mainly due to increase
           in weighted average expected loss rate and balance over 12 months past due.


           Loan receivables

           The Group has adopted internal control procedures to mitigate credit risk by evaluation of creditability of the
           borrowers, including reviewing the assets owned by the borrowers, the credit history of the borrowers and analyses
           the credit risk for each of their new and existing clients before standard payment terms and conditions are offered.


           Management has overall responsibility for the Group’s credit policies and oversees the credit quality of the Group’s
           loan portfolio. In addition, management reviews the recoverable amount of loan receivables individually at each
           reporting date to ensure that adequate impairment losses are made for irrecoverable amounts.




                                                                                         Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited      75
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




6.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
     (c)   Credit risk (Continued)
           Loan receivables (Continued)

           The movements in impairment losses on loan receivables are as follows:


                                                                Stage 1            Stage 2            Stage 3               Total
                                                               HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000
             At 1 April 2023                                           56            8,010             15,572             23,638
             Amounts written off during the year                        –                 –           (15,572)           (15,572)
             Transfer from stage 1 to stage 2                         (56)              56                   –                    –
             Transfer from stage 2 to stage 3                           –           (1,223)             1,223                     –
             Impairment loss recognised during
               the year                                                 –            9,534             11,542             21,076


             At 31 March 2024 and 1 April 2024                          –           16,377             12,765             29,142
             Transfer from stage 2 to stage 3                           –           (4,192)             4,192                     –
             Impairment loss recognised during
               the year                                                 –              774             16,097             16,871


             At 31 March 2025                                           –           12,959             33,054             46,013


           The Group applies general approach by grouping the debtors shared the same credit risk characteristics. The Group
           classified loan receivables into three categories which reflect the respective credit risk and how the loss provision
           is determined for each of the category. The determination of ECL on loan receivables involve a number of key
           parameters and assumptions, including the classification of loss stages, estimation of probability of default, loss given
           default, adjustments for forward-looking information and other adjusting factors.


           The Group has concentration of credit risk in certain individual borrowers. As at 31 March 2025, the carrying
           amount of the three largest loan receivables were approximately HK$21,058,000 (2024: HK$25,955,000) and was
           approximately 55% (2024: 45%) of the Group’s total loan receivables. The Group seeks to minimise its risk by
           dealing with counterparties which have good credit history.


             Category                       Definition                                           Loss provision
             Performing                     Low risk of default and strong capacity to pay       12 month expected credit
                                                                                                    losses (“ECL”)
             Underperforming                Significant increase in credit risk                  Lifetime ECL (not credit-impaired)
             Non-performing                 Loan receivables are in default                      Lifetime ECL (credit-impaired)




76   Annual Report 2025
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




6.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
     (c)   Credit risk (Continued)
           Loan receivables (Continued)
           The following table provides information about the Group’s exposure to credit risk and ECL for loan receivables:

                                                                                      Gross
                                                                                   carrying              Loss         Net carrying
             Internal credit rating                               ECL rate         amount           allowance             amount
                                                                                   HK$’000            HK$’000             HK$’000
             31 March 2025
             Performing                                                   –                 –                    –                   –
             Underperforming                                          25%            51,115             (12,959)             38,156
             Non-performing                                          100%            33,054             (33,054)                  –


                                                                                     84,169             (46,013)             38,156


             31 March 2024
             Performing                                                  –                –                   –                   –
             Underperforming                                          22%            74,649             (16,377)             58,272
             Non-performing                                          100%            12,765             (12,765)                  –


                                                                                     87,414             (29,142)             58,272


           The increase in loss allowance on loan receivables during the year ended 31 March 2025 was mainly due to the
           loss rate adjusted to reflect the negative outlook on the future global economy and the increase of non-performing
           receivables.

           Deposits and other receivables
           The movements in impairment losses on deposits and other receivables are as follows:

                                                                                                       2025                  2024
                                                                                                     HK$’000               HK$’000
             At 1 April                                                                                  1,745                   592
             Impairment losses recognised during the year                                                  269                 1,188
             Exchange realignment                                                                           (9)                   (35)


             At 31 March                                                                                 2,005                 1,745


           An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date by considering the probability of default. Expected credit
           losses are estimated by applying general approach. The loss rate is adjusted to reflect the current conditions and
           forecasts of future economic conditions, as appropriate.

           As at 31 March 2025 and 2024, ECLs for the Group’s deposits and other receivables are measured by 12-month ECL.


                                                                                     Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited   77
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




6.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
     (c)   Credit risk (Continued)
           Deposits and other receivables (Continued)
           The following table provides information about the Group’s exposure to credit risk and ECL for deposits and other
           receivables:

                                                                                        Gross
                                                                                     carrying            Loss      Net carrying
             Internal credit rating                                   ECL rate       amount         allowance          amount
                                                                                     HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000
             31 March 2025
             Performing                                                      –              –                 –                –
             Underperforming                                            21.0%           9,544            (2,005)           7,539
             Non-performing                                                  –              –                 –                –


                                                                                        9,544            (2,005)           7,539


             31 March 2024
             Performing                                                      –              –                 –                –
             Underperforming                                            16.3%          10,661            (1,745)           8,916
             Non-performing                                                 –               –                 –                –


                                                                                       10,661            (1,745)           8,916


           The increase in loss allowance on deposits and other receivables during the year ended 31 March 2025 was mainly
           due to the loss rate adjusted to reflect the negative outlook on the future global economy.

     (d) Interest rate risk
           The Group’s loan receivables, other borrowings, promissory notes and lease liabilities bear interests at fixed interest
           rates and therefore are subject to fair value interest rate risks.


           The Group is also exposed to cashflow interest rate risk in relation to its variable-rate bank balances. The directors of
           the Company consider that interest rate risk with respect to cash at banks to be insignificant to the Group.


           Except as stated above, the Group does not have significant interest-bearing assets and liabilities at the end of
           reporting period, its income and operating cash flows are substantially independent of changes in market interest
           rates.


           At the end of reporting period, the Group assess the exposure to cash flow interest rate risk to be insignificant and
           thus no sensitivity analysis is presented.




78   Annual Report 2025
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




6.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
     (e)   Liquidity risk
           The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor current and expected liquidity requirements to ensure that it maintains
           sufficient reserves of cash to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer term.


           The maturity analysis based on contractual undiscounted cash flows of the Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities
           is as follows:


                                                    On demand      Between    Between                              Total             Total
                                                    or less than      1 and      2 and            Over     undiscounted           carrying
                                                          1 year    2 years    5 years          5 years      cash flows           amount
             At 31 March 2025                           HK$’000    HK$’000    HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000           HK$’000
             Financial liabilities subject to
                a repayment on demand clause:
             Amount due to a director                    12,497           –          –                –           12,497            12,497

             Financial liabilities not subject to
                a repayment on demand clause:
             Trade payables                               2,395           –          –                –            2,395             2,395
             Accruals and other payables                 30,874           –          –                –           30,874            30,874
             Other borrowings                            14,245           –          –                –           14,245            13,675
             Lease liabilities                              152           –          –                –              152               151
             Promissory notes                               600      23,743          –                –           24,343            24,200


                                                         60,763      23,743          –                –           84,506            83,792


                                                    On demand      Between    Between                               Total             Total
                                                    or less than      1 and      2 and            Over      undiscounted           carrying
                                                          1 year    2 years    5 years          5 years       cash flows           amount
             At 31 March 2024                          HK$’000     HK$’000    HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000           HK$’000
             Financial liabilities subject to
                a repayment on demand clause:
             Amount due to a director                    11,432           –          –                –           11,432            11,432

             Financial liabilities not subject to
                a repayment on demand clause:
             Trade payables                               3,911           –          –                –            3,911             3,911
             Accruals and other payables                 28,078           –          –                –           28,078            28,078
             Other borrowings                             1,545      11,154          –                –           12,699            15,053
             Lease liabilities                              736         152          –                –              888               856
             Promissory notes                               600      20,143          –                –           20,743            23,600


                                                         46,302      31,449          –                –           77,751            82,930




                                                                                         Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited   79
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




6.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
     (f)   Categories of financial instruments at 31 March
                                                                                                             2025               2024
                                                                                                         HK$’000            HK$’000
             Financial assets:
             Financial assets at FVTPL
             – Listed securities in Hong Kong                                                              37,372             31,404
             Financial assets at amortised cost (including cash and cash equivalents)                      70,887             78,620


             Financial liabilities:
             Financial liabilities at amortised costs                                                      83,641             82,074


     (g) Fair values
           Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
           between market participants at the measurement date. The following disclosures of fair value measurements use a
           fair value hierarchy that categorises into three levels the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value:


           Level 1 inputs:         quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Group can
                                   access at the measurement date.


           Level 2 inputs:         inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or
                                   liability, either directly or indirectly.


           Level 3 inputs:         unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.




80   Annual Report 2025
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




6.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
     (g) Fair values (Continued)
           The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers into and transfers out of any of the three levels as of the date of the
           event or change in circumstances that caused the transfer.


           Disclosures of level fair value hierarchy at 31 March:


                                                                                           2025
                                                                    Level 1           Level 2             Level 3           Total 2025
                                                                   HK$’000           HK$’000             HK$’000               HK$’000
             Recurring fair value measurements:
             Financial assets at FVTPL


             – Listed securities in Hong Kong                       37,372                  –                     –                     –


                                                                                           2024
                                                                    Level 1           Level 2              Level 3           Total 2024
                                                                   HK$’000           HK$’000             HK$’000               HK$’000
             Recurring fair value measurements:
             Financial assets at FVTPL


             – Listed securities in Hong Kong                       31,404                  –                     –              31,404


           During the years ended 31 March 2025 and 2024, there were no transfer in the fair value hierarchy between level 1
           and level 2 or transfer into or out of level 3.


           The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial instruments carried at amortised cost were not materially different
           from their fair values as at 31 March 2025 except for the following financial instruments, for which their carrying
           amounts and fair value and the level of fair value hierarchy are disclosed below:


                                                       Carrying
                                                        amount         Fair value
                                                           as at             as at          Fair value measurement
                                                      31 March         31 March               as at 31 March 2025
                                                           2025              2025        Level 1        Level 2     Level 3
                                                       HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000
             Promissory notes                           (24,200)         (24,965)                –                    –         (24,965)
             Other borrowings                           (13,675)         (12,643)                –                    –         (12,643)


           The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial instruments carried at amortised cost were not materially different
           from their fair values as at 31 March 2024.




                                                                                        Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited   81
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




7.   SEGMENT INFORMATION
     The chief operating decision makers have been identified as executive directors of the Company. They review the Group’s
     internal reporting in order to assess performance and allocate resources, and determine the operating segments.

     For management purposes, the Group is organised into business units based on their services and has four reportable
     operating segments as follows:

     i)     Asset advisory services and asset appraisal
            Provision of asset appraisal and asset advisory services, including real estate and fixed asset appraisal, mineral
            property appraisal, business and intangible asset valuation, financial instrument valuation and advisory services.

     ii)    Corporate services and consultancy services
            Provision of company secretarial services, human resources management, accounting and tax services, corporate
            communication and marketing services, corporate governance, internal control, enterprise risk management services
            and management consultancy services.

     iii)   Media advertising
            Provision of media advertising business services through in-elevator poster frames network and liquid-crystal displays
            network inside elevators or lobbies of middle to high-end residential community.

     iv)    Financial services
            Provision of financial credit services such as personal loans and commercial loans to individuals and corporations.

     The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as those described in note 4 to the consolidated financial
     statements. Segment profits or losses do not include corporate income and expenses, fair value changes on financial assets
     at FVTPL, unallocated amortisation of intangible assets and unallocated finance costs. Segment assets do not include
     financial assets at FVTPL and unallocated corporate assets. Segment liabilities do not include amount due to a director,
     promissory notes and unallocated corporate liabilities.




82   Annual Report 2025
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




7.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     The Group’s reportable segments are strategic business units that offer different products and services. They are managed
     separately because each business requires different technical requirements and marketing strategies.


     (i)   Information about reportable segment profits or losses, assets and liabilities:
           Amounts included in the measurement of segment profit/(loss), segment assets and liabilities:

                                                        Asset advisory
                                                         services and           Corporate services and
                                                        asset appraisal          consultancy services       Media advertising        Financial services            Total
                                                          2025          2024         2025           2024       2025          2024       2025           2024      2025       2024
                                                       HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000    HK$’000    HK$’000
             Years ended 31 March
             Revenue from external customers            17,613       18,706          7,082        4,219         654          660       4,919         5,905     30,268     29,490


             Segment profit/(loss)                       2,454          (697)        3,268        (2,046)      (637)       (3,383)    (15,475)     (27,747)   (10,390)    (33,873)


             As at 31 March
             Segment assets                             14,409       14,678         10,873        2,301       4,059        4,623      38,585        58,631     67,926     80,233
             Segment liabilities                        21,852       24,120         13,072       12,674         480          464       4,890         4,647     40,294     41,905


             Amounts included in the
                measurement of segment
                (profit)/loss or segment assets:
             Amortisation on intangible assets               –             –           170          170           –             –           –          280       170         450
             Gain on wavier of interest expense on
                other borrowings                         2,665             –             –             –          –             –           –            –      2,665           –
             Depreciation on property,
                plant and equipment                          6            5              –            –           –           86          70             4         76         95
             Deprecation on right-of-use assets            681          676              –            –           –             –          –             –        681        676
             Impairment losses on trade receivables      1,531          409            177           13         121            (3)         –             –      1,829        419
             Impairment losses on loan receivables           –            –              –            –           –             –     16,871        21,076     16,871     21,076
             Impairment losses on other
                receivables and deposits                    17          140             15          334         237          714            –            –       269       1,188
             Impairment losses on goodwill                   –            –              –            –           –            –            –        8,792         –       8,792
             Impairment losses on intangible assets          –            –              –            –           –            –            –          560         –         560
             Impairment losses on property,
                plant and equipment                          –            –              –            –           –             –           –           19          –         19
             Finance costs                               1,576        1,545              –           49           –             –           –            –      1,576      1,594
             Additions to segment non-current assets         –        1,370              –            –           3             –           –            –          3      1,370




                                                                                                                       Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited           83
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




7.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     (i)   Information about reportable segment profits or losses, assets and liabilities: (Continued)
           Reconciliations of reportable segment losses are as follows:


                                                                                            2025           2024
                                                                                          HK$’000        HK$’000
             Segment loss
             Total loss of reportable segments                                            (10,390)       (33,873)
             Unallocated amounts:
               Fair value changes on financial assets at FVTPL                              1,160        (19,131)
               Gain on disposal of financial assets at FVTPL                                1,952              –
               Other unallocated corporate (expenses)/income                               (1,495)          623
               Unallocated amortisation of intangible assets                                 (120)          (120)
               Unallocated finance costs                                                     (600)          (600)


             Consolidated loss before tax                                                  (9,493)       (53,101)


           Reconciliations of reportable segment assets and liabilities are as follows:


                                                                                            2025           2024
                                                                                          HK$’000        HK$’000
             Segment assets
             Total assets of reportable segments                                           67,926         80,233
             Unallocated corporate assets                                                   4,938          2,391
             Financial assets at FVTPL                                                     37,372         31,404


             Consolidated total assets                                                    110,236        114,028


                                                                                            2025           2024
                                                                                          HK$’000        HK$’000
             Segment liabilities
             Total liabilities of reportable segments                                      40,294         41,905
             Unallocated corporate liabilities                                              8,354          7,357
             Promissory notes                                                              24,200         23,600
             Amount due to a director                                                      12,497         11,432


             Consolidated total liabilities                                                85,345         84,294




84   Annual Report 2025
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




7.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     (i)    Information about reportable segment profits or losses, assets and liabilities: (Continued)
                                                                                                          2025                  2024
                                                                                                        HK$’000               HK$’000
             Depreciation and amortisation
             Total depreciation and amortisation of reportable segments                                       927                 1,221
             Unallocated corporate depreciation and amortisation                                              120                   120


             Consolidated depreciation and amortisation                                                     1,047                 1,341


                                                                                                          2025                  2024
                                                                                                        HK$’000               HK$’000
             Additions to non-current assets
             Total additions to segment non-current assets                                                       3                1,370
             Unallocated additions to non-current assets                                                         –                    –


             Consolidated additions to non-current assets                                                        3                1,370


                                                                                                          2025                  2024
                                                                                                        HK$’000               HK$’000
             Finance costs
             Total finance costs of reportable segments                                                     1,576                 1,594
             Unallocated corporate finance costs                                                              600                   600


             Consolidated finance costs                                                                     2,176                 2,194


     (ii)   Geographical information
                                                                 Revenue from
                                                               external customers                      Non-current assets
                                                                   2025           2024                    2025            2024
                                                                HK$’000        HK$’000                 HK$’000          HK$’000
             Hong Kong                                            29,597            28,755                    615                 1,592
             The PRC                                                 671               735                    277                   345


                                                                  30,268            29,490                    892                 1,937


            In presenting the geographical information, revenue is based on the locations of the customers and information
            about the non-current assets, other than financial instruments, is classified in accordance with geographical location
            of the assets, in the case of tangible assets and the location of operation to which they are allocated, in the case of
            intangible assets at the end of the reporting period.

            There was no revenue from customers contributing 10% or more of total revenue for the years ended 31 March
            2025 and 2024.


                                                                                       Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited   85
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




8.   REVENUE
     The Group’s revenue is as follows:

                                                                                                     2025              2024
                                                                                                   HK$’000           HK$’000
       Revenue from contracts with customers within the scope of HKFRS 15
       Asset advisory services and asset appraisal services                                         17,613             18,706
       Corporate services and consultancy services                                                   7,082              4,219
       Media advertising services                                                                      654                660


                                                                                                    25,349             23,585
       Revenue from financial services
       Interest income from loan financing                                                            4,919             5,905


                                                                                                    30,268             29,490


                                                                                                     2025              2024
                                                                                                   HK$’000           HK$’000
       Timing for revenue recognition
       Revenue recognised over time                                                                 25,349             23,585


     Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation for contracts with customers
     The Group has applied the practical expedient in paragraph 121 of HKFRS 15 to its revenue contracts of asset advisory
     services and asset appraisal services, media advertising services and corporate services and consultancy services such that
     the above information does not include information about revenue that the Group will be entitled to when it satisfies
     the remaining performance obligations under the revenue contracts of asset advisory and asset appraisal services, media
     advertising services and corporate services and consultancy services that had an original expected duration of one year or
     less.


9.   OTHER INCOME AND OTHER GAINS OR LOSSES
                                                                                                      2025               2024
                                                                                                   HK$’000           HK$’000
       Bank interest income                                                                              14                16
       Net exchange gain/(loss)                                                                           8                 (3)
       Gain on waiver of interest expense on other borrowings                                         2,665                  –
       Write-back on trade payables                                                                     360                  –
       Sundry income                                                                                    742               889


                                                                                                      3,789               902




86   Annual Report 2025
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




10. FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                                            2025                   2024
                                                                                                        HK$’000               HK$’000
       Interest expenses on other borrowings                                                                1,545                 1,545
       Interest expenses on promissory notes                                                                  600                      600
       Interest expenses on lease liabilities                                                                  31                      49


                                                                                                            2,176                 2,194


11. LOSS BEFORE TAX
     The Group’s loss before tax is stated after charging/(crediting) the following:


                                                                                                            2025                   2024
                                                                                                        HK$’000               HK$’000
       Auditor’s remuneration
         Audit services
           – Current year                                                                                     600                      600
           – Over-provision in prior years                                                                       –                     (20)
       Staff costs including directors’ remunerations
         Salaries, bonus and allowances                                                                     6,345                 6,982
         Retirement benefit costs                                                                             194                      211
         Long service payments                                                                                 13                        –
                                                                                                            6,552                 7,193
       Amortisation of intangible assets                                                                      290                      570
       Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                           76                      95
       Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                    681                      676
       Impairment losses on goodwill                                                                             –                8,792
       Impairment losses on other receivables and deposits                                                    269                 1,188
       Impairment losses on trade receivables                                                               1,829                      419
       Impairment losses on loan receivables                                                              16,871                21,076
       Impairment losses on property, plant and equipment                                                        –                      19
       Impairment losses on intangible assets                                                                    –                     560
       Gain on disposal of financial assets at FVTPL                                                       (1,952)                       –
       Fair value change on financial assets at FVTPL                                                      (1,160)              19,131




                                                                                       Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited     87
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




12. DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S EMOLUMENTS
     (a)   Details of directors’ emoluments are as follows:
           For the year ended 31 March 2025

                                                                                      Retirement
                                                                                         benefits
                                                                   Salaries and           scheme
                                                         Fees       allowances      contributions      Total
                                                      HK$’000          HK$’000           HK$’000     HK$’000
                 Executive directors
                 Mr. Ip Kwok Kwong                            54          1,248                18      1,320
                 Mr. Wu Di                                     –            312                 –        312


                 Independent non-executive
                  directors
                 Mr. Sek Wai Kit                              72              –                 –         72
                 Mr. Tang Wai Kee (ii)                        72              –                 –         72
                 Mr. So Kwok Yun                              72              –                 –         72
                 Ms. Zhou Lisi (i)                            33              –                 –         33


                                                          303             1,560                18      1,881


           For the year ended 31 March 2024

                                                                                       Retirement
                                                                    Salaries and   benefits scheme
                                                         Fees        allowances      contributions      Total
                                                      HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000    HK$’000
                 Executive directors
                 Mr. Ip Kwok Kwong                             –          1,248                18      1,266
                 Mr. Wu Di                                     –            312                 –        312


                 Independent non-executive
                  directors
                 Mr. Sek Wai Kit                              72              –                 –         72
                 Mr. Tang Wai Kee (ii)                        72              –                 –         72
                 Mr. So Kwok Yun                              72              –                 –         72


                                                          216             1,560                18      1,794

           Notes:


           (i)       Appointed on 24 December 2024


           (ii)      Resigned on 31 March 2025



88   Annual Report 2025
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




12. DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S EMOLUMENTS (Continued)
     (a)   Details of directors’ emoluments are as follows: (Continued)
           There was no arrangement under which a director waived or agreed to waive any emoluments during the years
           ended 31 March 2025 and 2024.


     (b) Five highest paid individuals
           The five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in the Group for the year include one (2024: two) directors
           whose emoluments were disclosed above. The emoluments of the remaining four (2024: three) individuals during
           the year are as follows:


                                                                                                         2025                   2024
                                                                                                     HK$’000               HK$’000
             Basic salaries and allowances                                                               4,124                 3,075
             Retirement benefits scheme contributions                                                       90                      54


                                                                                                         4,214                 3,129


           The emoluments of the four (2024: three) individuals with highest emoluments are within the following bands:


                                                                                                  Number of individuals
                                                                                                         2025                   2024
             Nil to HK$1,000,000                                                                              3                     2
             HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000                                                                     1                      –
             HK$2,000,001 to HK$2,500,000                                                                     –                     1


                                                                                                              4                     3


           During both years ended 31 March 2025 and 2024, no emoluments were paid by the Group to any of the directors
           or the five highest paid individuals, as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss
           of office.




                                                                                    Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited    89
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




12. DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S EMOLUMENTS (Continued)
     (c)   Senior management’s emoluments
           Senior management represents the executive directors of the Company. The emoluments paid or payable to senior
           management during the years ended 31 March 2025 and 2024 have been set out in the analysis presented above.


     (d) Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements and contracts
           Save for disclosed in note 41 to the consolidated financial statements, no other significant transaction, arrangement
           and contract in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company was a party and in which a director of the
           Company and the director’s connected party had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the
           end of the year or at any time during the year.


13. INCOME TAX CREDIT
     For the years ended 31 March 2025 and 2024, under the two-tiered profits tax regime, profits tax rate for the first HK$2
     million of assessable profits of qualifying corporations established in Hong Kong will be lowered to 8.25%, and profits
     above that amount will be subject to the tax rate of 16.5%.


     No provision for Hong Kong Profit Tax is made as the Group’s Hong Kong subsidiaries did not have assessable profit for the
     years ended 31 March 2025 and 2024.


     Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT“) in the PRC is provided at the rate of 25% (2024: 25%) applicable to the subsidiaries
     incorporated in the PRC on the income for statutory reporting purpose, adjusted for income and expense items which
     are not assessable or deductible for income tax purposes based on existing PRC income tax regulations, practices and
     interpretations thereof.


     No provision for EIT is required as the Group’s PRC subsidiaries did not have assessable profit for the years ended 31 March
     2025 and 2024.




90   Annual Report 2025
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




13. INCOME TAX CREDIT (Continued)
     The reconciliation between the income tax credit and the loss before tax is as follows:


                                                                                                           2025                   2024
                                                                                                       HK$’000               HK$’000
       Loss before tax                                                                                    (9,493)             (53,101)


       Tax at the domestic income tax rate of 16.5% (2024: 16.5%)                                         (1,566)               (8,762)
       Tax effect of non-deductible expenses                                                                 379                 5,822
       Tax effect of non-taxable income                                                                     (515)                 (512)
       Tax effect of temporary differences not recognised                                                    444                 3,606
       Utilisation of tax losses previously not recognised                                                (1,402)                      –
       Tax effect of tax loss not recognised                                                               2,716                      41
       Effect of different tax rates of subsidiaries                                                          (56)                (195)


       Income tax credit for the year                                                                           –                      –


14. RETIREMENT BENEFIT SCHEMES
     The Group operates a mandatory provident fund scheme (the “MPF Scheme”) under the Hong Kong Mandatory Provident
     Fund Schemes Ordinance for all qualifying employees in Hong Kong. The Group’s contributions to the MPF Scheme are
     calculated at 5% (2024: 5%) of the salaries and wages, subject to a cap of monthly relevant income of HK$30,000 (2024:
     HK$30,000) and vest fully with employees when contributed into the MPF Scheme.


     The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries established in the PRC are members of a central pension scheme operated
     by the local municipal government. These subsidiaries are required to contribute certain percentage of the employees’
     basic salaries and wages to the central pension scheme to fund the retirement benefits. The local municipal government
     undertakes to assume the retirement benefits obligations of all existing and future retired employees of these subsidiaries.
     The only obligation of these subsidiaries with respect to the central pension scheme are to meet the required contributions
     under the scheme. Except for voluntary contribution, no forfeited contribution under the MPF Scheme as a defined
     contribution scheme is available to reduce the contribution payable in future years.


15. DIVIDENDS
     The Board does not recommend the payment of any dividend for the year ended 31 March 2025 (2024: Nil).




                                                                                      Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited    91
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




16. LOSS PER SHARE
     The calculation of the basic and diluted loss per share is based on the following:


                                                                                                 2025             2024
                                                                                             HK$’000           HK$’000
       Loss for the purpose of calculating basic/diluted loss per share                        (8,765)          (52,306)


                                                                                                 2025             2024
                                                                                                 ’000              ’000
       Number of shares


       Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of
         calculating basic/diluted loss per share                                             261,033          233,182


     The effect of the Company’s outstanding share options for the years ended 31 March 2025 and 2024 do not give rise to
     any dilution to basic loss per share.




92   Annual Report 2025
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




17. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                   Leasehold     Furniture and          Office             Motor
                                                 improvement       equipment       equipment              vehicle               Total
                                                     HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000
       Cost
       At 1 April 2023                                    104           1,607              851                705              3,267
       Additions                                            –                –               8                   –                     8
       Exchange realignment                               (17)             (22)            (34)                (39)                 (112)


       At 31 March 2024 and 1 April 2024                   87           1,585              825                666              3,163
       Additions                                            –                –               3                   –                     3
       Exchange realignment                                (2)              (1)            (17)                 (4)                  (24)


       At 31 March 2025                                    85           1,584              811                662              3,142


       Accumulated depreciation and
         impairment
       At 1 April 2023                                    100           1,329              851                495              2,775
       Charge for the year                                  1              22                –                 72                    95
       Impairment loss recognised for the year
         (note 20)                                          –               8               11                   –                   19
       Exchange realignment                               (17)              (5)            (37)                (29)                  (88)


       At 31 March 2024 and 1 April 2024                   84           1,354              825                538              2,801
       Charge for the year                                  1              19                –                 56                    76
       Exchange realignment                                (2)              (1)            (16)                 (4)                  (23)


       At 31 March 2025                                    83           1,372              809                590              2,854


       Carrying amount
       At 31 March 2025                                     2             212                2                 72                   288


       At 31 March 2024                                     3             231                –                128                   362


     Details of the impairment assessment as set out in Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                    Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited      93
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




18. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
                                                                                                               Leased properties
                                                                                                                          HK$’000
       At 1 April 2023                                                                                                        139
       Additions                                                                                                            1,362
       Charge for the year                                                                                                    (676)


       At 31 March 2024 and 1 April 2024                                                                                      825
       Charge for the year                                                                                                   (681)


       At 31 March 2025                                                                                                       144


     At the end of the reporting period, the lease liabilities recognized related to the above right-of-use assets are as follows:


                                                                                                               Leased properties
                                                                                                                          HK$’000
       At 31 March 2025                                                                                                       151


       At 31 March 2024                                                                                                       856


     The lease agreement do not impose any covenant other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by the
     lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.


                                                                                                       Leased properties
                                                                                                          2025                2024
                                                                                                      HK$’000             HK$’000
       Depreciation expense of right-of-use assets                                                          681                676
       Interest expenses on lease liabilities (included in finance costs)                                    31                 49


     The Group leases an office for its operations. Lease contracts are entered into for fixed term of 2 years. Lease terms are
     negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. In determining the lease
     term and assessing the length of the non-cancellable period, the Group applies the definition of a contract and determines
     the period for which the contract is enforceable.




94   Annual Report 2025
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




19. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                                                                           HK$’000
       Cost
       At 1 April 2023, 31 March 2024, 1 April 2024 and 31 March 2025                                                         2,850


       Accumulated amortisation and impairment
       At 1 April 2023                                                                                                          970
       Charge for the year                                                                                                      570
       Impairment loss recognised for the year (note 20)                                                                        560


       At 31 March 2024 and 1 April 2024                                                                                      2,100
       Charge for the year                                                                                                      290


       At 31 March 2025                                                                                                       2,390


       Carrying amount
       At 31 March 2025                                                                                                         460


       At 31 March 2024                                                                                                         750


     Intangible assets represent software applications acquired. Such intangible assets have definite useful lives and are
     amortised on a straight-line basis over 5 years.


     Details of the impairment assessment as set out in Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                    Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited   95
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




20. GOODWILL
                                                                               Media              Money
                                                                           advertising           lending
                                                                             business           business              Total
                                                                                                 (Note (i))
                                                                               HK$’000          HK$’000           HK$’000
       Cost
       At 1 April 2023, 31 March 2024, 1 April 2024 and
         31 March 2025                                                          84,956            26,755           111,711


       Impairment
       At 1 April 2023                                                          84,956            17,963           102,919
       Impairment recognised during the year                                         –             8,792             8,792


       At 31 March 2024, 1 April 2024 and 31 March 2025                         84,956            26,755           111,711


       Carrying amount
       At 31 March 2025                                                               –                  –                –


       At 31 March 2024                                                               –                  –                –


     Goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated, at acquisition, to the cash-generating units (“CGUs”) that are
     expected to benefit from that business combination. The Group’s goodwill had been allocated to media advertising CGU
     (“Media Advertising CGU”) and money lending CGU (“Money Lending CGU”).

     Goodwill allocated to Media Advertising CGU was fully impaired during the year ended 31 March 2022.




96   Annual Report 2025
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




20. GOODWILL (Continued)
     Note:


     i.       In addition to goodwill, property, plant and equipment and intangible assets that generate cash flows together with the goodwill are also included
              in the respective CGUs for the purpose of impairment assessment. The recoverable amount of the Money Lending CGU has been determined based
              on a value-in-use calculation which uses cashflow projection based on financial budgets approved by the directors of the Company and valued by
              International Valuation Limited, an independent valuation firm of the Company, covering a five-year period with pre-tax discount rate. Cash flows
              beyond that five-year period have been extrapolated using the estimated growth rate stated below.


              Key assumptions used in the calculation are as follows:


                                                                                                                                                              2024

               Net profit margin (in average 5 years)                                                                                                   23.75%
               Long term growth rate                                                                                                                           0%
               Discount rate                                                                                                                                  11%


              The above key assumptions were used in the value-in-use calculation of the Money Lending CGU as at 31 March 2024. The following describes each
              key assumption on which the management has based its cash flow projections to undertake impairment testing of goodwill:


              Net profit margin – Management determined net profit margin based on past performance and its expectation regarding market development.


              Long-term growth rate – The long-term growth rate does not exceed the long-term average growth rate for the industry and the country in which the
              Money Lending CGU currently operates.


              Discount rate – The discount rate used is pre-tax and reflects specific risks relating to the Money Lending CGU.


              Based on the above assessment, the management of the Group have assessed the recoverable amount of the Money Lending CGU amounting to
              approximately HK$ Nil which was lower than its carrying value as at 31 March 2024. Accordingly, an impairment loss of approximately HK$8,792,000,
              HK$19,000 and HK$560,000 were recognised in the Group’s consolidated statement of profit or loss during the year ended 31 March 2024 in respect
              of goodwill, property, plant and equipment and intangible assets respectively on the basis of material decline in the recoverable amount of the Money
              Lending CGU and adverse changes in the market in money lending business.


              Goodwill allocated to Money Lending CGU was fully impaired during the year ended 31 March 2024.


21. INVESTMENT IN AN ASSOCIATE
                                                                                                                                   2025                   2024
                                                                                                                                 HK$’000             HK$’000
          Investment in an associate
            Unlisted investment                                                                                                         –                       –




                                                                                                              Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited     97
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




21. INVESTMENT IN AN ASSOCIATE (Continued)
     Investment in an associate
     Details of the Group’s associate at 31 March 2025 and 2024 are as follows:

                                                                                           Percentage of
                                            Place of              Registered and       ownership/voting power/
       Name                                 establishment         paid up capital           profit sharing               Principal activities
                                                                                           2025            2024
       北京漢華信誠資產顧問有限公司                       The PRC                    US$60,000               50%              50%      Inactive
        （「北京漢華」）(Note)

     Note: The business license of 北京漢華 has been suspended since 18 July 2008 and expired on 8 December 2024.



22. LOAN RECEIVABLES
     The maturity profile of these loan receivables, at the end of the reporting period, analysed by the contracts maturity days,
     is as follows:

                                                                                                                  2025                 2024
                                                                                                                HK$’000              HK$’000
       0 to 30 days                                                                                               14,269                7,583
       31 to 60 days                                                                                               8,656                1,454
       61 to 90 days                                                                                              44,753                  564
       91 to 180 days                                                                                                  –                    –
       181 to 365 days                                                                                            13,303                    –
       Over 365 days                                                                                               3,188               77,813


                                                                                                                  84,169               87,414

       Accumulated impairment losses recognised                                                                  (46,013)             (29,142)


                                                                                                                  38,156               58,272


       Less: current portion                                                                                     (35,728)               (4,577)


       Non-current portion                                                                                            2,428            53,695


     The Group’s loan receivables arose from the money lending business.


     As at 31 March 2025, all loan receivables are denominated in Hong Kong dollar (“HK$”) and carried at fixed effective
     interest rate ranging from 6% to 10% (2024: 6% to 10%) per annum and with the terms ranging from 1 year to 2 years
     (2024: 1 year to 2 years).


     Details of impairment assessment of loan receivables for the years ended 31 March 2025 and 2024 are set out in note 6(c)
     to the consolidated financial statements.



98   Annual Report 2025
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




23. TRADE RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                           2025                   2024
                                                                                                       HK$’000               HK$’000
       Trade receivables                                                                                 21,524                12,481
       Allowance for doubtful debts                                                                       (4,227)               (2,399)


                                                                                                         17,297                10,082


     The Group’s trading terms with customers are mainly on credit. The credit terms generally at 14 days (2024: 14 days).
     Each customer has a maximum credit limit. For new customers, payment in advance is normally required. The Group seeks
     to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables in order to minimise credit risk. Overdue balances are reviewed
     regularly by the senior management.


     The aging analysis of trade receivables, based on the invoice date, and net of allowance, is as follows:


                                                                                                           2025                   2024
                                                                                                       HK$’000               HK$’000
       0-30 days                                                                                         12,369                  4,218
       31-90 days                                                                                          1,319                 2,297
       91-180 days                                                                                           245                 1,017
       181-365 days                                                                                        1,458                 1,949
       Over 365 days                                                                                       1,906                      601


                                                                                                         17,297                10,082


     Details of impairment assessment of trade receivables for the years ended 31 March 2025 and 2024 are set out in note
     6(c) to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                      Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited     99
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




24. PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                   2025             2024
                                                                                               HK$’000           HK$’000
       Prepayments                                                                                1,031             2,013
       Deposits                                                                                   1,852             1,852
       Other receivables                                                                          6,661             6,796


                                                                                                  9,544           10,661
       Accumulated impairment losses recognised                                                  (2,005)           (1,745)


                                                                                                  7,539             8,916


      Details of impairment assessment of deposits and other receivables for the years ended 31 March 2025 and 2024 are set
      out in note 6(c) to the consolidated financial statements.


25. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FVTPL
                                                                                                   2025             2024
                                                                                               HK$’000           HK$’000
       Equity securities listed in Hong Kong, at fair value                                      37,372           31,404


      At 31 March 2025, the fair value of the listed equity securities, amounting to approximately HK$37,372,000 (2024:
      HK$31,404,000), was determined based on the quoted market bid prices (level 1 measurement) of the corresponding
      listed equity securities.


26. BANK BALANCES AND CASH
                                                                                                   2025             2024
                                                                                               HK$’000           HK$’000
       Cash on hand                                                                                 455                57
       Cash at broker                                                                             3,697                 4
       Cash at bank                                                                               4,774             3,302


                                                                                                  8,926             3,363


      At 31 March 2025, the bank balances and cash of the Group denominated in Renminbi (“RMB”) amounted to
      approximately HK$115,990 (2024: HK$249,000). The RMB is not freely convertible into other currencies. However, under
      the PRC’s Foreign Exchange Control Regulations and Administration of Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange
      Regulations, the Group is permitted to exchange RMB for other currencies through banks authorised to conduct foreign
      exchange business.




100   Annual Report 2025
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




27. TRADE PAYABLES
     The aging analysis of trade payables, based on invoice date is as follows:


                                                                                                       2025                   2024
                                                                                                   HK$’000               HK$’000
       0-90 days                                                                                       1,040                 1,771
       91-180 days                                                                                        40                      120
       181-365 days                                                                                       25                      682
       Over 365 days                                                                                   1,290                 1,338


                                                                                                       2,395                 3,911


28. ACCRUALS AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                                       2025                   2024
                                                                                                   HK$’000               HK$’000
       Accruals                                                                                      18,187                16,647
       Other payables                                                                                12,687                11,431


                                                                                                     30,874                28,078


29. AMOUNT DUE TO A DIRECTOR
     The amount due is unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.


30. CONTRACT LIABILITIES
                                                                                                       2025                   2024
                                                                                                   HK$’000               HK$’000
       Billings in advance of performance obligation
       – Appraisal service                                                                             1,474                 1,289


     Contract liabilities represent balances due to customers under appraisal service contracts. These arise when the Group
     receives deposits and a particular milestone payment exceeds the revenue recognised to date in accordance with the
     progress of the satisfaction of the relevant performance obligations.




                                                                                  Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited    101
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




30. CONTRACT LIABILITIES (Continued)
      The movements in contract liabilities are as follows:

                                                                                                                       HK$’000
       Balance at 1 April 2023                                                                                            1,073
       Decrease in contract liabilities as a result of recognising revenue during the year
          was included in the contract liabilities at the beginning of the year                                            (466)
       Increase in contract liabilities as a result of billing in advance of appraisal services                             682


       Balance at 31 March 2024 and 1 April 2024                                                                          1,289
       Decrease in contract liabilities as a result of recognising revenue during the year
         was included in the contract liabilities at the beginning of the year                                             (402)
       Increase in contract liabilities as a result of billing in advance of appraisal services                             587


       Balance at 31 March 2025                                                                                           1,474


      The increase (2024: increase) in contract liabilities in 2025 was mainly due to the decrease in utilising advances received
      from customers as compared with that of last year (2024: increase in advances received from customers in relation to the
      provision of appraisal services).

      As at 31 March 2025, the amount of billings in advance of performance obligation received that is expected to be
      recognised as income within one year is HK$1,474,000 (2024: HK$1,289,000).

31. LEASE LIABILITIES
                                                                                                         Present value of
                                                               Minimum lease payments                minimum lease payments
                                                                     2025          2024                     2025           2024
                                                                  HK$’000        HK$’000                HK$’000          HK$’000
       Within one year                                                   152                 736             151            705
       In the second to fifth years, inclusive                             –                 152               –            151


       Total minimum finance lease payments                              152                 888             151            856
       Less: Future finance charges                                       (1)                 (32)             –              –


       Present value of lease obligations                                151                 856             151            856


       Less: Amount due for settlement within
              12 months (shown under
              current liabilities)                                                                          (151)           (705)


       Amount due for settlement after 12 months                                                               –            151


      The average incremental borrowing rate applied to lease liabilities is approximately 5.75% (2024: 5.75%).

      * less amount than HK$1,000




102   Annual Report 2025
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




32. OTHER BORROWINGS
                                                                                                     2025                   2024
                                                                                                 HK$’000               HK$’000
       Other loan                                                                                  13,675                15,053


       Less: current portion                                                                      (13,675)                        –


       Non-current portion                                                                                –              15,053


       Analysis into:
       The carrying amount of the above borrowings are repayable:
       Within one year or on demand                                                                13,675                         –
       More than one year, but not exceeding two years                                                    –              15,053


                                                                                                   13,675                15,053


     Other borrowings are denominated in HK$ as at 31 March 2025 and 2024.


     As at 31 March 2025, the Group has one (2024: one) other loan which bore interest at the rate of 12% (2024: 12%) per
     annum and secured by personal guarantee of a director of the Company, Mr. Ip Kwok Kwong (2024: personal guarantee
     by a director of the Company, Mr. Ip Kwok Kwong).


33. PROMISSORY NOTES
                                                                                                                       HK$’000
       At 1 April 2023                                                                                                   23,000
       Interest expense on promissory notes                                                                                     600


       At 31 March 2024 and 1 April 2024                                                                                 23,600
       Interest expense on promissory notes                                                                                     600


       At 31 March 2025                                                                                                  24,200


       At 31 March 2025:
       Analysed as:
       Current liabilities                                                                                                        –
       Non-current liabilities                                                                                           24,200


       At 31 March 2024:
       Current liabilities                                                                                                        –
       Non-current liabilities                                                                                           23,600




                                                                                Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited    103
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




33. PROMISSORY NOTES (Continued)
      On 13 November 2014, the Company issued a series of promissory notes with total principal amounts of HK$110,000,000
      to an independent third party as part of the consideration for an acquisition of 80% equity interest in Golden Vault Limited
      by the Group. The promissory notes were interest-bearing at 3% per annum.

      Based on the valuation carried out by a firm of independent qualified professional valuers, the fair value of the promissory
      note at the date of issue was approximately HK$92,388,000. The effective interest rate of the promissory notes were
      10.96% per annum.

      On 23 October 2015, an aggregate principal amount of HK$90,000,000 with accrued interest thereon were early
      redeemed by the Company, and settled by the net proceeds from the placing and the subscription of the Company’s
      shares. A loss on early redemption of the promissory note of approximately HK$9,026,000 was recognised in the
      consolidated profit or loss for the year ended 31 March 2016.

      On 26 March 2018, the Company renewed a promissory note with an outstanding principal of HK$20,000,000 (the
      “Promissory Note”) with the note holder, bearing interest at 3% per annum and maturing three years later. Since 2020,
      the Company has renewed the Promissory Note annually with the same holder – on 31 March 2020 (with a revised
      maturity three months from 26 March 2021), and subsequently on 31 March 2021, 31 March 2022, 31 March 2023, 29
      March 2024, and 31 March 2025. Each of these later renewals continued at 3% interest per annum, with maturity dates
      falling one year from 26 June of the respective renewal year.

34. DEFERRED TAXATION
      At 31 March 2025, the Group has unused tax losses of approximately HK$180,689,000 (2024: HK$172,727,000) available
      for offset against future profits. No deferred tax asset has been recognised due to the unpredictability of future profit
      streams. Included in unrecognised tax losses are losses of approximately HK$4,174,000 (2024: HK$4,293,000) that will
      expire in five years from 2026 to 2030. Other tax losses may be carried forward indefinitely.

      Temporary differences arising in connection with interests in subsidiaries and associates are insignificant as at 31 March
      2025 and 2024.

35. SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                                    Number
                                                                                                 of ordinary
                                                                                                      shares           Amount
                                                                                                        ’000           HK$’000
       Authorised:
       As at 1 April 2023, 31 March 2024, 1 April 2024 and 31 March 2025
         (ordinary share of HK$0.1 each)                                                          10,000,000          1,000,000


       Issued and fully paid:
       As at 1 April 2023, 31 March 2024 and 1 April 2024
          (ordinary share of HK$0.1 each)                                                            233,182             23,319
       Issuance of shares (note)                                                                      46,630              4,663


       As at 31 March 2025 (ordinary share of HK$0.1 each)                                           279,812             27,982



104   Annual Report 2025
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




35. SHARE CAPITAL (Continued)
     Note: On 26 August 2024, 46,630,000 subscription shares were allotted and issued to a subscriber at the subscription price of HK$0.1 per subscription
            share. The completion of subscription took place on 30 August 2024. For details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 23 July
            2024 and 30 August 2024.


     The Group manages its capital to maintain an optimal capital structure so as to maximise the return to its shareholders, to
     protect the interests of its shareholders, to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern and to be able to
     serve its debts when they are due.

     Management reviews the capital structure on a quarterly basis. As a part of this review, management considers the cost of
     capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. The Group will balance its overall capital structure through the
     payment of dividends, new share issues as well as the issue of new debt or the redemption of existing debt.

     The Group monitors its capital structure on the basis of gearing ratio. The Group’s gearing ratio as at 31 March
     2025 is 77.4% (2024: 73.9%), which is calculated by dividing total liabilities of approximately HK$85,345,000
     (2024: approximately HK$84,294,000) over the total assets of approximately HK$110,236,000 (2024: approximately
     HK$114,028,000).

     No change was made in the objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the years ended 31 March 2025
     and 2024.

     The only externally imposed capital requirement of the Group to maintain its listing on the Stock Exchange, it has to have
     a public float of at least 25% of the shares. The Group has maintained the prescribed public float under the GEM Listing
     Rules throughout the years ended 31 March 2025 and 2024.


36. RESERVES
     (a)    Group
            The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein are presented in the consolidated statement of
            profit or loss and other comprehensive income and consolidated statement of changes in equity.

     (b) Nature and purpose of reserves
           (i)    Share premium account
                   Under the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands, the funds in the share premium account of the Company
                   are distributable to the shareholders of the Company provided that immediately following the date on which
                   the dividend is proposed to be distributed, the Company will be in a position to pay off its debts as they fall
                   due in the ordinary course of business.

           (ii)   Capital reserve
                   The capital reserve of the Group represents (i) the original investment costs in the Greater China Appraisal
                   Limited and GCA Holdings Limited incurred by the Group, (ii) the non-controlling interests in the retained
                   profits of Greater China Appraisal Limited and GCA Holdings Limited acquired by GCA Professional Services
                   Group Limited upon a group reorganisation in 2010, and (iii) the difference of the cost of 999 ordinary shares
                   issued in exchange for the entire shareholdings of Fidelia Investments Limited and New Valiant Limited and
                   the nominal value of issued and paid up shares of the subsidiaries existed immediately before the group
                   reorganisation.


                                                                                                      Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited   105
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




36. RESERVES (Continued)
      (b) Nature and purpose of reserves (Continued)
            (iii)   Foreign currency translation reserve
                    The foreign currency translation reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the translation
                    of the financial statements of foreign operations as well as the effective portion of any foreign exchange
                    differences arising from hedges of the net investment in these foreign operations. The reserve is dealt with in
                    accordance with the accounting policies set out in note 4(c) to the consolidated financial statements.

            (iv)    Share options reserve
                    The share options reserve represents the fair value of the actual or estimated number of unexercised share
                    options granted to employees and other eligible participants of the Group recognised in accordance with the
                    accounting policy adopted for equity settled share-based payments in note 4(s) to the consolidated financial
                    statements.

37. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
      Equity-settled share option scheme
      The Company operates a share option scheme since 18 May 2011 (the “Old Share Option Scheme”) for the purpose of
      providing incentives and rewards to eligible participants who contribute to the success of the Group’s operations. Eligible
      participants include the full-time employees, officers, directors of the Company and its subsidiaries. The Old Share Option
      Scheme was adopted by a resolution of the Company on 18 May 2011 and, unless otherwise cancelled or amended,
      remained in force for 10 years commencing from the adoption date as defined in the scheme. The Old Share Option
      Scheme was expired on 17 May 2021.

      An ordinary resolution was passed at the extraordinary general meeting of the Company held on 30 September 2021
      approving the adoption of new share option scheme (the “New Share Option Scheme”). The purpose of the New Share
      Option Scheme is to enable the Company to grant options to the employee, adviser, consultant, service provider, agent,
      customer, partner or joint-venture partner of the Company or any subsidiary (including any director of the Company or any
      subsidiary) who is in full-time or part-time employment with or otherwise engaged by the Company or any subsidiary who,
      in the absolute discretion of the Board, has contributed or may contribute to the Group as incentive or reward for their
      contribution to the Group. The New Share Option Scheme is valid for a period of ten years commencing from the adoption
      date, i.e. 30 September 2021.

      There is no material difference on the terms between the Old Share Option Scheme and the New Share Option Scheme
      (collectively the “Schemes”).

      Under the amended Chapter 23 of the GEM Listing Rules, the maximum number of shares in respect of which options may
      be granted at any time under the Schemes and any other share schemes for the time being of the Group shall not exceed
      such number of shares as equals to 10% of the issued ordinary shares of the Company (the “Shares”) at the date of
      approval of the Schemes and any other shares scheme of the Group. Under the amended Chapter 23 of the GEM Listing
      Rules, the Company may seek approval of the shareholders of the Company in general meeting once every three years
      to refresh the scheme mandate limit provided that the total number of Shares which may be allotted and issued upon
      exercise of all options to be granted under the share option scheme and any other share schemes of our Group must not
      exceed 10% of the Shares in issue as of the date of approval of the limit. For the purpose of calculating the limit, options
      (including those outstanding, cancelled, lapsed or exercised in accordance with the Schemes and any other share schemes
      of our Group) previously granted under the Share Option Scheme and any other share schemes of our Group will not be
      counted.



106   Annual Report 2025
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




37. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
     Equity-settled share option scheme (Continued)
     The total number of shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of the options granted to each grantee (including both
     exercised and outstanding options) in any 12-month period must not exceed 1% of the shares in issue. Where any further
     grant of options to an eligible participant would result in the shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of all options
     granted and to be granted to such person (including exercised, cancelled and outstanding options) in the 12-month period
     up to and including the date of such further grant representing in aggregate over 1% of the shares in issue, such further
     grant must be separately approved by the shareholders of the Company in a general meeting.


     Each grant of options to any of the directors, chief executive or substantial shareholders of the Company, or any of
     their respective associates must be approved by the independent non-executive directors (excluding the independent
     non-executive director who is the proposed grantee of the option (if any)). Where any grant of options to a substantial
     shareholder of the Company or an independent non-executive director, or any of their respective associates, would result
     in the shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of all options already granted and to be granted (including options
     exercised, cancelled and outstanding) to such person in the 12-month period up to and including the date of such grant:


     (i)    representing in aggregate over 0.1% of the shares in issue; and


     (ii)   having an aggregate value, based on the closing price of the shares at the date of each grant, in excess of HK$5
            million,


     such further grant of options must be approved by shareholders of the Company.


     The offer of a grant of share options may be accepted within 21 days from the date of the offer, upon payment of a
     nominal consideration of HK$1 in total by each grantee. An option may be exercised at any time during the period to be
     determined and identified by the Board to each grantee at the time of making an offer for the grant of an option, but in
     any event no later than 10 years from the date of grant but subject to the early termination of the Schemes.


     The exercise price of the share options is determinable by the directors, but may not be less than the highest of (i) the
     closing price of the Company’s shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheets on the date of the grant
     of the share options; (ii) the average of the closing price of the Company’s shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily
     quotation sheets for the five business days immediately preceding the date of the grant of the share options; and (iii) the
     nominal value of the Company’s shares on the date of the grant of the share options.


     Share options do not confer rights on the holder to dividends or to vote at shareholders’ meetings.


     The Old Share Option Scheme was expired on 17 May 2021. The total of 108,390,884 outstanding share options continue
     to be valid and exercisable during the prescribed exercisable period in accordance with the Old Share Option Scheme.




                                                                                    Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited   107
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




37. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
      Equity-settled share option scheme (Continued)
      Details of specific categories of options are as follows:


            Date of grant                                                           Exercise period                                                             Exercise price                     Notes
            10 May 2021 (“Share Option Lot A”)                                      10 May 2021 to 9 May 2023                                                           HK$0.585                        (i)
            7 July 2022 (“Share Option Lot B”)                                      7 July 2022 to 6 July 2024                                                          HK$0.275                       (ii)


      (i)           As a result of the Share Consolidation, the exercise price of the outstanding Share Option Lot A was adjusted from HK$0.117 per share to HK$0.585
                    per share with effective from 31 August 2022. Share Option Lot A were fully lapsed during the year ended 31 March 2024.


      (ii)          As a result of the Share Consolidation, the exercise price of the outstanding Share Option Lot B was adjusted from HK$0.055 per share to HK$0.275
                    per share with effective from 31 August 2022. As at 31 March 2024, Share option Lot B have a weighted average remaining contractual life of 0.3
                    year. Share Option Lot B were fully lapsed during the year ended 31 March 2025.



      A summary of the movements of the outstanding options under the Schemes during the years ended 31 March 2025 and
      2024 is as follows:

                                                          Number of underlying Shares comprised in options
                                                                                                                                        Adjusted
                                    Outstanding    Granted      Exercised      Adjusted         Lapsed       Cancelled   Outstanding     exercise
                                           as at     during        during     during the         during         during          as at   price per   Date of
            Eligible participants        1 April   the Year      the Year           Year       the Year       the Year     31 March        Share    grant         Lot    Exercisable period
                                                                                                                                             HK$
                                                                                   (Note)
            For the year ended
              31 March 2024
            Directors
            Mr. Ip Kwok Kwong         2,331,823          –              –              –              –             –      2,331,823       0.275    7.7.2022      B      7.7.2022 – 6.7.2024 (both dates inclusive)
            Mr. Wu Di                 2,331,823          –              –              –              –             –      2,331,823       0.275    7.7.2022      B      7.7.2022 – 6.7.2024 (both dates inclusive)
            Mr. Sek Wai Kit           2,331,823          –              –              –              –             –      2,331,823       0.275    7.7.2022      B      7.7.2022 – 6.7.2024 (both dates inclusive)

            Employees                 5,829,400          –              –              –     (5,829,400)            –              –       0.585    10.5.2021     A      10.5.2021 – 9.5.2023 (both dates inclusive)
                                     16,322,765          –              –              –              –             –     16,322,765       0.275    7.7.2022      B      7.7.2022 – 6.7.2024 (both dates inclusive)

                                     29,147,634          –              –              –     (5,829,400)            –     23,318,234

            For the year ended
              31 March 2025
            Directors
            Mr. Ip Kwok Kwong         2,331,823          –              –              –     (2,331,823)            –              –       0.275    7.7.2022      B      7.7.2022-6.7.2024 (both dates inclusive)
            Mr. Wu Di                 2,331,823          –              –              –     (2,331,823)            –              –       0.275    7.7.2022      B      7.7.2022-6.7.2024 (both dates inclusive)
            Mr. Sek Wai Kit           2,331,823          –              –              –     (2,331,823)            –              –       0.275    7.7.2022      B      7.7.2022-6.7.2024 (both dates inclusive)

            Employees                16,322,765          –              –              –    (16,322,765)            –              –       0.275    7.7.2022      B      7.7.2022-6.7.2024 (both dates inclusive)

                                     23,318,234          –              –              –    (23,318,234)            –              –




108   Annual Report 2025
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




37. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
     Equity-settled share option scheme (Continued)
     Notes:


     An ordinary resolution was passed at the annual general meeting of the Company held on 29 August 2022 approving the share consolidation on the basis
     that every five issued and unissued shares of HK$0.02 each in the share capital of the Company be consolidated into one share of HK$0.1 (the “Share
     Consolidation”) which effected on 31 August 2022. Following the Share Consolidation, the Company’s authorised share capital becomes HK$1,000,000,000
     divided into 10,000,000,000 shares of HK$0.1 each, and its issued share capital becomes HK$23,318,234 divided into 233,182,344 shares of HK$0.1 each.


     As a result of Share Consolidation, the number of outstanding share options were adjusted with effect from 31 August 2022.


     All options granted were immediately vested.


     The fair value of share options is determined at the date of grant using Binominal Option Pricing Model by independent
     valuers and the following assumptions were used to calculate the fair value of share options:

       Grant date                                                                           10 May 2021              7 July 2022          7 July 2022
       Lot                                                                                               A                      B                    B
       Offeree                                                                                Non-director               Director         Non-director
       Closing price at date of grant                                                               0.111                 0.0546              0.0546
       Exercise price (adjusted)                                                                    0.585                  0.275                0.275
       Volatility                                                                                  121%                 107.84%             107.84%
       Expected dividend yield                                                                        0%                     0%                   0%
       Expected exercise multiple                                                                      2.2                    2.8                  2.2
       Risk free rate                                                                              0.09%                  2.37%                2.37%


     The expected volatility is based on the historic volatility (calculated based on the weighted average remaining life of the
     share options), adjusted for any expected changes to future volatility based on publicly available information. Expected
     dividends are based on historical dividends. The assumptions used in computing the fair value of the share options are
     based on management’s best estimate. Changes in the subjective input assumptions could materially affect the fair value
     estimate.

     The equity-settled share-based payment charged to the profit or loss was approximately HK$Nil (2024: HK$Nil) for the year
     ended 31 March 2025.

     At the end of the reporting period, the Company has Nil (2024: 23,318,234) share options outstanding. The exercise in full
     of the outstanding share options would, under the present capital structure of the Company, result in the issue of Nil (2024:
     23,318,234) additional ordinary shares of the Company, being approximately 0% (2024: 10%) of the Company’s issued
     shares and additional share capital of approximately HK$Nil (2024: HK$2,332,000).

     As at 1 April 2024, 31 March 2025 and the date of approval of these consolidated financial statements, the number of
     options available for grant under the Schemes was 23,318,234, Nil and Nil respectively, approximately 10%, 0% and 0%
     of total number of shares in issue of the Company.




                                                                                                        Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited   109
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




38. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
      As at 31 March 2025, the Group did not have any significant capital commitments (2024: Nil).

39. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
      As at 31 March 2025, the Group had no material contingent liabilities (2024: Nil).

40. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
      (a)   Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
                                                                                                                          Total
                                                                                                                liabilities from
                                                                    Other       Promissory             Lease         financing
                                                              borrowings              notes      liabilities          activities
                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000          HK$’000
              At 1 April 2024                                      15,053            23,600             856             39,509
              Changes in cash flows                                  (258)                   –          (736)              (994)
              Non-cash changes:
              – Gain on waiver of interest expense on other
                  borrowings                                        (2,665)                  –             –             (2,665)
              – Interest expense                                    1,545                  600           31               2,176


              At 31 March 2025                                     13,675            24,200             151             38,026


              At 1 April 2023                                      13,508            23,000             147             36,655
              Changes in cash flows                                      –                   –          (702)              (702)
              Non-cash changes:
              – Commencement of new tenancy agreement                    –                   –         1,362              1,362
              – Interest expense                                    1,545                  600           49               2,194


              At 31 March 2024                                     15,053            23,600             856             39,509




110   Annual Report 2025
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




40. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (Continued)
     (a)   Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities (Continued)
           Total cash outflow for leases

           Amounts included in the consolidated statement of cash flow for leases comprise the following:


                                                                                                        2025                   2024
                                                                                                    HK$’000               HK$’000
             Within financing cash flows                                                                  736                      702


           These amounts relate to the following:


                                                                                                        2025                   2024
                                                                                                    HK$’000               HK$’000
             Lease rental paid                                                                            736                      702


     (b) Major Non-cash transaction
           During the year ended 31 March 2025, borrower used financial assets at FVTPL amounted to HK$2,875,000 (2024:
           HK$3,159,000) to settle loan receivables.


41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
     (a)   Related party transaction
           The director of the Company, Mr. Ip Kwok Kwong has guaranteed other borrowings made to the Group totalling
           HK$13,675,000 (2024: HK$15,053,000) at 31 March 2025.


     (b) Key management compensation
           Key management mainly represents the independent non-executive directors and executive directors of the Group,
           managing director and general manager of the Group’s subsidiaries. Their remunerations have been disclosed in note
           12 to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                   Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited    111
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




42. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY
      (a)   Particulars of the principal subsidiaries as at 31 March 2025 were as follows:
                                                                             Particular of
                                                    Place of                      paid-up
                                                    incorporation/                 capital/
                                                    principal place             registered      Percentage of ownership
                Name                                of operation                    capital       held by the Company      Principal activities
                                                                                                     Direct     Indirect
                Zhong Nan Investment                BVI/Hong Kong                     US$1           100%               – Investment holding and provision
                  Limited                                                                                                    of asset appraisal services
                Greater China Appraisal             Hong Kong               HK$1,600,000                   –      80.1% Provision of asset appraisal
                  Limited                                                                                                    services
                Greater China Consultants           BVI/Hong Kong                     US$1                 –      100% Provision of corporate and
                  Limited                                                                                                    consultancy services
                Greater China Corporate             Hong Kong                        HK$2                  –      100% Provision of corporate and
                   Consultancy & Services Limited                                                                            consultancy services
                Linkson Investment Limited          Hong Kong                        HK$2                  –      100% Sub-leasing of office
                漢華正立資本管理諮詢                          The PRC               RMB50,000,000                    –      100% Provision of consultancy services
                  （北京）有限公司 #
                Creative Market Holdings Limited BVI/Hong Kong                        US$1                 –      100% Investment holding
                Greater China Asset Services        Hong Kong                        HK$1                  –      100% Provision of asset appraisal
                  Limited                                                                                                    services, corporate consultancy
                                                                                                                             services and property agency
                                                                                                                             services
                上海熱潮多媒體廣告有限公司                  #
                                                    The PRC                   HK$620,000                   –       80% Provision of media advertising
                                                                                                                             services
                常熟金視廣告傳媒有限公司*                       The PRC                   RMB500,000                   –       80% Provision of media advertising
                                                                                                                             services
                張家港金凱廣告傳媒有限公司* The PRC                                        RMB500,000                   –       80% Provision of media advertising
                                                                                                                             services
                Alright Venture Limited             BVI/Hong Kong                  US$150                  –      100% Investment holding
                Colbert Finance Limited             Hong Kong               HK$3,000,000                   –      100% Provision of financial credit services
                Golden Vault Limited                BVI/Hong Kong                     US$1                 –       80% Investment holding


            The above list contains the particulars of subsidiaries of the Company which principally affected the results, assets or
            liabilities of the Group.

            Note:


            #
                     These subsidiaries are registered as wholly-foreign owned enterprise under the PRC law.


            *        These subsidiaries are domestic-owned enterprise established in the PRC.




112   Annual Report 2025
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




42. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY (Continued)
     (b) Details of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests (“NCI”)
           The following table shows information of the subsidiaries that has NCI material to the Group. The summarised
           financial information represents amounts before inter-company eliminations.


                                                                       Greater China
             Name                                                     Appraisal Limited             常熟金視廣告傳媒有限公司
                                                                         2025              2024              2025               2024
             % of ownership interests held by NCI                      19.9%              19.9%              20%                20%
                                                                      HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000             HK$’000
             At 31 March:
             Non-current assets                                            11                17               639                   691
             Current assets                                            29,453             33,608            7,965              8,331
             Current liabilities                                      (26,186)           (27,331)            (326)                  (314)


             Net assets                                                 3,278              6,294            8,278              8,708


             Carrying amount of NCI                                       652              1,252            1,656              1,742


             Year ended 31 March
             Revenue                                                   12,721             18,380              654                   660
             Loss for the year                                         (3,016)              (595)            (384)             (2,816)
             Loss allocated to NCI                                       (600)              (119)              (77)                 (563)
             Total comprehensive loss for the year                     (3,016)              (595)            (430)             (3,437)
             Total comprehensive loss allocated to NCI                   (600)              (119)              (86)                 (687)


             Net cash generated (used in)/from operating activities      (673)              393                (35)                  23
             Net cash used in investing activities                          –                 (8)               (3)                    –
             Net cash used in financing activities                       (258)                 –                 –                     –


             Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents        (931)              385                (38)                  23


43. EVENT AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
     The directors of the Company are not aware of any significant event after the reporting period for the Group and up to
     the date of this report.




                                                                                    Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited    113
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




44. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY
                                                                                              2025          2024
                                                                                            HK$’000       HK$’000
       Non-current assets
       Intangible assets                                                                          120        240
       Interests in subsidiaries                                                                    –          –


                                                                                                  120        240


       Current assets
       Other receivables                                                                           332        630
       Amounts due from subsidiaries                                                            72,976     73,046
       Bank balances and cash                                                                    4,153      1,515


                                                                                                77,461     75,191


       Current liabilities
       Other payables                                                                            8,224      7,221
       Amounts due to subsidiaries                                                              20,842     20,842


                                                                                                29,066     28,063


       Net current assets                                                                       48,395     47,128


       Total assets less current liabilities                                                    48,515     47,368


       Non-current liabilities
       Promissory notes                                                                         24,200     23,600


       NET ASSETS                                                                               24,315     23,768


       Capital and reserves
       Share capital                                                                            27,982     23,319
       Reserves                                                                                 (3,667)       449


       TOTAL EQUITY                                                                             24,315     23,768


      Approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 26 June 2025.



                           Ip Kwok Kwong                                              Wu Di
                              Director                                               Director




114   Annual Report 2025
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2025




44. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY (Continued)
     Movements in Company’s reserves
                                                              Share                Share
                                                           premium      options reserve        Accumulated
                                                      (Note 36(b)(i))    (Note 36(b)(iv))               losses                 Total
                                                            HK$’000             HK$’000              HK$’000               HK$’000
       At 1 April 2023                                      608,005                4,291             (596,627)               15,669


       Loss and total comprehensive loss
         for the year                                              –                   –              (15,220)              (15,220)
       Lapse of share options (note 37)                            –              (1,524)               1,524                        –


       Changes in equity for the year                              –              (1,524)             (13,696)              (15,220)


       At 31 March 2024 and 1 April 2024                    608,005                2,767             (610,323)                     449


       Loss and total comprehensive loss
         for the year                                              –                   –               (4,116)                (4,116)
       Lapse of share options (note 37)                            –              (2,767)               2,767                        –


       Changes in equity for the year                              –              (2,767)              (1,349)                (4,116)


       At 31 March 2025                                     608,005                    –             (611,672)                (3,667)


45. APPROVAL OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     The consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 26 June 2025.




                                                                                   Asia-Pac Financial Investment Company Limited    115
FINANCIAL SUMMARY



A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is set out below.


RESULTS
                                                                                Year ended 31 March
                                                            2025            2024             2023             2022               2021
                                                       HK$’000           HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000            HK$’000
 Loss for the year attributable to owners
      of the Company                                      (8,765)         (52,306)         (38,521)         (44,772)            (4,243)


ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
                                                                                     As at 31 March
                                                            2025            2024             2023             2022               2021
                                                       HK$’000           HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000            HK$’000
 Total Assets                                           110,236          114,028          161,957          197,410            275,734
 Total Liabilities                                       (85,345)         (84,294)         (78,682)         (77,868)          (111,009)


                                                         24,891           29,734           83,275          119,542            164,725




116    Annual Report 2025
