

===== PAGE 1 =====
HELSINKI
ROME
SAN DIEGO
PANAMA CITY
MANILA
SARAWAK
AUCKLAND
J A P A N
U S A
A U S T R A L I A
S I N G A P O R E F I N L A N D
T H A I L A N D I T A L Y
P H I L I P P I N E S N E W Z E A L A N D
2025
ANNUAL REPORT 年報
ANNUAL
REPORT
2025
年報


===== PAGE 2 =====
Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited (stock code: 0538.HK) is one of the leading fast casual restaurant
(“FCR”) chain operators in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”) and the Hong Kong Special
Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China Administrative Region (“Hong Kong”). Since
our establishment in 1996, we have been selling Japanese ramen and Japanese-style dishes under
the “Ajisen” brand in the PRC and Hong Kong. Our dishes incorporate Chinese people’s culinary
preferences and the essence of the Chinese cuisine. Our restaurants combine elements of fast food
shops, including efficiency, convenience and standardised operation and elements of traditional
Chinese restaurants, such as craftmanship, traditional culture and dining atmosphere. Since 2013,
we started to introduce famous Japanese brands to Hong Kong, including Menya Musashi and
Konjiki Hototogisu.
This year is our 30th anniversary in Mainland China and Hong Kong, we reiterate our founding commitment of serving
value-for-money, healthy and quality food to our valued customers. Over the last three decades, our unwavering focus
on food quality, extensive restaurant network and scalable central kitchens has solidified Ajisen as a trusted, long-
standing household brand. Our loyal customers remain our greatest pride—many have enjoyed Ajisen for decades, first
visiting on their own and later sharing our flavours with their children and grandchildren. We are deeply grateful for
the opportunity to serve both longstanding patrons and new guests and provide them with warm, home-like services
that define our brand.
Since our IPO in 2007, our strong capital foundation, prudent management approach, and efficient supply chain
management have enabled us to maintain our leadership as a prominent FCR chain operator in Mainland China, successfully
navigating various cycles in the food and beverage (“F&B”) industry.
As at 31 December 2025, our nationwide retail network comprised 617 restaurants, covering 122 cities in 28 provinces
and municipalities of the PRC. Among them, Shanghai continues as our primary operational base with 107 restaurants,
followed by Guangdong with 89 and Jiangsu with 84. We also operate 39 restaurants in Hong Kong and maintained one
restaurant in Europe. This robust network is supported by our strategically located central kitchens in Shanghai, Chengdu,
Tianjin, Wuhan, Dongguan, and Hong Kong, which ensure consistent quality, food safety, and operational efficiency.
Looking ahead, as we prepare to celebrate Ajisen’s 30th anniversary this year, we remain dedicated to our core mission:
delivering the best value-for-money and quality food, while further strengthening Ajisen (China) as the leading FCR
chain operator in the country.


===== PAGE 3 =====
Contents
2 Corporate Information
4 Financial Highlights
5 Chairman’s Statement
7 Management Discussion and Analysis
15 Corporate Governance Report
34 Environmental, Social and Governance Report
74 Directors
76 Report of the Directors
94 Independent Auditor’s Report
99 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
Other Comprehensive Income
101 Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
103 Consolidated Statement of Changes In Equity
106 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
108 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
193 Properties Held for Investment
196 Financial Summary


===== PAGE 4 =====
Corporate Information
Board of Directors Authorised Representatives
Executive Directors Mr. Poon Ka Man, Jason
Mr. Ng Tung Ching Raphael (appointed on 27 March 2025)
Ms. Poon Wai
Ms. Cheung Lai Ha (resigned on 27 March 2025)
(Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. Poon Ka Man, Jason
Ms. Ng Minna
Company Secretary
Non-executive Directors
Mr. Ng Tung Ching Raphael (appointed on 27 March 2025)
Mr. Katsuaki Shigemitsu Ms. Cheung Lai Ha (resigned on 27 March 2025)
Mr. Yew Yat On
Independent Non-executive Directors Head Office and Principal Place of
Business in Hong Kong
Mr. Lo Peter
Mr. Jen Shek Voon
6th Floor, Block B, Ajisen Group Tower
Mr. Ho Pak Chuen Brian
24-26 Sze Shan Street
Yau Tong, Kowloon
Audit Committee Hong Kong
Mr. Jen Shek Voon (Chairman)
Registered Office
Mr. Lo Peter
Mr. Ho Pak Chuen Brian
Windward 3
Regatta Office Park
Remuneration Committee PO Box 1350
Grand Cayman KY1-1108
Cayman Islands
Mr. Lo Peter (Chairman)
Mr. Jen Shek Voon
Mr. Ho Pak Chuen Brian
Principal Share Registrar and
Transfer Office
Nomination Committee
Ocorian Trust (Cayman) Limited
Windward 3
Mr. Ho Pak Chuen Brian (Chairman)
Regatta Office Park
Mr. Lo Peter
PO Box 1350
Mr. Jen Shek Voon
Grand Cayman KY1-1108
Cayman Islands
2 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 5 =====
Corporate Information
Hong Kong Branch Share Registrar Investor and Media Relations Consultant
and Transfer Office
Wonderful Sky Financial Group
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor
Investor Relations Contact
Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East
Wanchai Jennifer Zeng
Hong Kong Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited
18th Floor, Shui On Plaza
No. 333 Middle Huaihai Road
Principal Bankers
Shanghai, PRC 200021
E-mail: jennifer.zeng@ajisen.net
Hang Seng Bank Limited
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (Asia) Limited
Company Websites
Chong Hing Bank Limited
Bank of Shanghai Co., Ltd
OCBC Wing Hang Bank Limited www.ajisen.com.hk
www.ajisen.com.cn
Auditor
Stock Code
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors 538
Hong Kong Legal Adviser
Fairbairn Catley Low & Kong
Annual Report 2025 3


===== PAGE 6 =====
Financial Highlights
2025 2024 Change
Turnover (RMB’000) 1,831,936 1,717,290 +6.7%
Sales from restaurant operation (RMB’000) 1,783,789 1,649,827 +8.1%
Gross profit (RMB’000) 1,410,159 1,313,652 +7.3%
Profit (loss) before taxation (RMB’000) 61,140 (50,132) N/A
Profit (loss) attributable to owners of the Company
(RMB’000) 28,408 (20,224) N/A
Basic earnings (loss) per share (RMB) 0.03 (0.02) N/A
Recommended final dividend per share (RMB) 0.07 0.06 +16.7%
Recommended special dividend per share (RMB) 0.03 – N/A
Total number of restaurants (as at 31 December) 617 596 +3.5%
Total assets (RMB million) 3,984.1 3,987.3 -0.1%
Net assets (RMB million) 2,905.3 2,967.5 -2.1%
Bank balances and cash (RMB million) 1,699.8 1,655.8 +2.7%
Inventory turnover (days) 59.7 69.3 -9.6 days
Trade payable turnover (days) 90.6 88.1 +2.5 days
Net gross profit margin 77.0% 76.5% +0.5 percentage point
Net profit (loss) margin 1.8% -0.9% +2.7 percentage points
Current ratio 3.6 3.7 -0.1
Return on equity 1.1% -0.5% +1.6 percentage points
Gearing ratio 0.8% 0.9% -0.1 percentage point
4 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 7 =====
Chairman’s Statement
Dear Shareholders, In terms of financial management, the Group has consistently
adhered to a prudent, responsible and consistent financial
The year 2025 marked an important milestone for Ajisen (China),
management philosophy. As of 31 December 2025, the
as we are about to celebrate our 30th anniversary in 2026. Over
Group’s asset structure continued to improve, net cash
the years, we have been growing alongside China’s catering
reserves remained ample, liabilities stayed at a low level,
industry through rounds of industry evolution, consumption
and the overall financial position remained solid and sound.
upgrade and market transformation. From a Japanese-style
ramen brand at the outset, we have developed into a benchmark In 2025, closely following industry trends and consumer
national catering brand deeply rooted in China and our classic demand, we implemented precise measures on multiple
pork bone soup ramen has become a taste memory shared fronts while maintaining product and service quality, thereby
by generations of consumers. Through three decades of driving an all-round enhancement in operation quality and
perseverance and endeavors, Ajisen has remained focused on delivering tangible results:
its original commitment of putting products first and prioritising
• Optimising the store network. As of the end of
value-for-money. With healthy and hygienic Japanese-style food
2025, the Group had a total of 617 stores in operation,
at the core of our offerings, we have grown with consumers
including one overseas store. We actively expanded
and managed to maintain a firm foothold amid various industry
into core business districts and high-potential channels
cycles, and have developed ourselves as a resilient and dynamic
to strengthen brand momentum. At the same time,
force in China’s catering market.
we proactively closed underperformed stores and
In 2025, China’s catering industry continued to show the continuously optimised our store network, thereby
characteristics of overall expansion, slower growth and structural achieving a dual improvement in brand development
differentiation. Consumer demand gradually recovered, and channel efficiency. During the period, we opened
yet chain restaurant operators continued to face challenges 74 new stores, including 60 in Mainland China and
such as intensifying competition and cost fluctuations. On 14 in Hong Kong, while closing 53 stores, including
the other hand, the Japanese-style dining segment saw new 52 in Mainland China and one in Hong Kong. We
opportunities in localised innovation and expansion into lower continue to evaluate our store network in terms
tier markets. Against this evolving industry landscape, Ajisen of geographical distribution of different stores and
continued to pursue a prudent business strategy. Leveraging our operational efficiency of individual stores with a view
supply chain capabilities, store operation expertise and brand to ensuring an optimal store network operation.
strengths built over the past three decades, we proactively
• Deepening digital transformation and activating
seized market opportunities and continued to make progress
online growth. The trend of deep integration
in store expansion, cost optimisation, product innovation and
between online and offline operations in the
digital transformation. As a result, we resumed a trajectory of
catering industry has become increasingly evident,
growth and profitability.
and online channels have become a core battlefield
As of 31 December 2025, we operated a total of 617 restaurants, for driving revenue growth and reaching diversified
representing an increase of 21 restaurants from 596 last year. In consumer groups. In 2025, we continued to increase
2025, our turnover amounted to RMB1.83 billion, representing our investment in the new retail model and built a
an increase of 6.7% as compared with last year. During the full-dimensional online operating system comprising
year, we recorded a profit attributable to the shareholders of “takeaway delivery + platform group-buying + private
the Company of RMB28.4 million. We continue our long-term domain operations”, thereby realising an all-round
commitment of implementing a stable dividend policy. Based upgrade of our online business. Through measures
on the Group’s sound operating results in 2025 and our strong such as strengthening cooperation with takeaway
balance sheet, the Board has recommended the payment of platforms, optimising delivery routes, extending
a final dividend of RMB0.07 per share. To celebrate our 30th delivery hours, expanding delivery coverage and
anniversary, the Board also recommends a special dividend of enhancing online-offline interaction, revenue from
RMB0.03 per share, representing our heartfelt gratitude to our the takeaway business in 2025 increased by 22.5%
shareholders who have been supporting us through our journey to RMB462 million (2024: RMB377 million).
of development.
Annual Report 2025 5


===== PAGE 8 =====
Chairman’s Statement
• Strengthening cost control and enhancing operating 2026 marked our 30th anniversary, we will focus on our
efficiency. Cost control is a core emphasis of our prudent “Freshness Strategy” and continue to provide consumers
operations. In 2025, we focused our efforts on two key with fresh, nutritious and healthy meals. To this end, we are
areas, namely food ingredient costs and manpower reshaping our supply chain system. On the one hand, we are
management in order to achieve the dual objectives of progressively adopting premium domestic fresh pork bone
cost optimisation and efficiency enhancement. On the suppliers and implementing full cold-chain delivery, enabling
food ingredient side, we adopted multiple measures fresh bone broth to be simmered on-site at stores. On the
to strictly control costs and reduce wastage: we other hand, we are shortening the delivery chain and openly
further increased the proportion of direct procurement displaying the time required for dish preparation processes
through our centralised direct procurement system, in our new store format. At present, most ingredients in our
deepened strategic cooperation with leading suppliers new store format can achieve a deliver time from factory
such as COFCO and Yihai Kerry, increased the use of to store of less than six hours. Although the “Freshness
premium domestic food ingredients to effectively reduce Strategy” has brought new challenges in cost control and
procurement costs, refined production control process at internal operations, Ajisen remains steadfast in its original
our central kitchens to continuously enhance production commitment to providing consumers with fresh, nutritious
efficiency, and incorporated store-level food ingredient and healthy high-quality meals.
costs control measures into performance assessment to
On 6 February 2026, “Fresh Bone Broth” and the new
effectively reduce wastage across all operating processes.
product “Super Big Bone Meat Ramen” were first launched
As a result of these combined measures, the proportion
at our Shanghai MTR City Plaza store. Upon launch, both
of raw materials to revenue fell to 23.0% in 2025,
“Fresh Bone Broth” and “Super Big Bone Meat Ramen”
representing a further decrease of 0.5 percentage point
were warmly received by younger consumers. Their word-
from 2024. On the manpower side, we continued to
of-mouth reputation and repurchase rate significantly
optimise our business processes and reorganise our office
exceeded expectations, giving the Group strong confidence
structure, while steadily advancing digital transformation.
in advancing its “Freshness Strategy”. In particular, “Super
These initiatives strongly supported business expansion
Big Bone Meat Ramen” was once in short supply and
while enabling precise control over labour costs. In
received overwhelming praise. Going forward, Ajisen will
2025, staff costs accounted for approximately 26.8%
continue to roll out the “Freshness Strategy” in major cities
of revenue, representing a decrease of 1.1 percentage
across the country.
points from 27.9% in 2024.
As a catering brand with thirty years of heritage, Ajisen
• Deepening brand rejuvenation and consolidating
possesses four core strengths: ample cash reserves, a
our leading position in Japanese-style ramen.
mature and well-run supply chain system, an extensive
In 2025, the Group continued to strengthen brand
store network and profound brand equity. These are
building. We maintained steady store expansion for
the foundations that give us the confidence to respond
the second consecutive year, with a focus on high-tier
to market changes and seize development opportunities.
cities and mainstream commercial districts, continuously
We will continue to confront market challenges with more
strengthening brand momentum and comprehensively
prudent operations, more innovative initiatives and better
enhancing the overall dining experience at our stores.
products, driving Ajisen’s high-quality and sustainable
During the year, we focused on both family customers
development and striving to become a benchmark enterprise
and young customer groups. For family customers, we
in China’s catering industry that combines brand value,
launched a dedicated children’s meal series and, together
operating efficiency and social responsibility. Thirty years on,
with internationally registered nutritionists and the
our founding vision remains steadfast; as we keep moving
“Eggy Party” IP, created an integrated brand marketing
forward, the future holds great promise.
campaign. More than 400 parent-child activities were
organised throughout the year, reaching over 10,000 At this new starting point of our 30th anniversary, on
families in aggregate, effectively driving sales growth behalf of Ajisen (China), I would like to express my most
among family customers and receiving strong recognition sincere gratitude to all of Ajisen’s customers, employees,
from both consumers and shopping mall landlords. Since shareholders and business partners.
2024, we have collaborated with Michelin-starred chefs Thank you all!
for two consecutive years to launch the innovative “Star
Chef Series Ramen”, continuously refreshing brand value,
enhancing brand premium capability and further pulling Poon Wai
ourselves closer to younger consumers. Through solid Chairman of the Board of Directors
terminal operations and continuous content innovation,
Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited
Ajisen has continued to refresh its brand image and
further solidify its industry position as a leader in Japanese-
style ramen.
6 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 9 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
Industry Review In 2025, China’s catering industry encountered a mix
of risks and transformations amidst changes, with pain
points becoming acutely visible. Frequent occurrences of
During the year ended 31 December 2025 (the “Period”
food safety hazards, inadequate franchise management,
or the “Reporting Period”), facing complex changes in the
controversies surrounding pre-made dishes, and eroded
domestic and international economic environment, China
brand trust, coupled with the stagnation of premium
thoroughly implemented the decisions and arrangements
pricing models, waves of store closures, and declining
of the Party Central Committee and the State Council,
performance, highlighted the shortcomings and risks in
steadfastly pursued the new development philosophy to drive
the industry’s development. Despite these prominent
high-quality growth, adopted more proactive and effective
challenges, the catering market continued to demonstrate
macro policies, and promoted in-depth the construction of a
resilience amidst volatility. Enterprises actively optimised
unified national market. Consequently, the national economy
their operational strategies in response to market
forged ahead under pressure, moving toward innovation and
demands. In light of consumer segmentation trends, on
optimisation, and achieved new successes in high-quality
one hand, enterprises launched high cost-effective sub-
development, successfully realising the main socioeconomic
brands and expanded into lower-tier cities to capture the
development goals and tasks. According to data released by
mass market; on the other, they streamlined high-end
the National Bureau of Statistics of China, during the Period,
product lines and discarded ineffective price premiums.
preliminary calculations show that China’s gross domestic
Simultaneously, enterprises continuously strengthened
product (GDP) reached RMB140,187.9 billion, representing
internal controls, reinforced the food safety defenses
a year-on-year increase of 5.0% (same period in 2024:
while scaling up operations, standardised franchise
5.0%); the total retail sales of consumer goods amounted
management, and eliminated service irregularities to
to RMB50,120.2 billion, representing a year-on-year increase
steadily enhance brand credibility. Furthermore, the
of 3.7%; the national per capita disposable income was
industry actively explored new business formats and
RMB43,377, representing a real growth of 5.0% over the
expanded into diverse consumption scenarios, injecting
same period last year; and the annual consumer price index
fresh momentum into high-quality development of the
(CPI) remained flat compared to the previous year.
catering industry. Particularly, “first-store economy” and
holiday consumption emerged as core growth engines,
In 2025, influenced by the macroeconomic environment,
with brand debut stores, family dining, and tourism-
catering revenue maintained steady growth. The catering
related catering continuously releasing vitality. Sectors
market demonstrated a development trend characterised
such as tea and coffee accelerated their capitalisation
by “stabilising growth rates, optimising structures, and
and health-oriented deployment, with seasonal products
frequently emerging highlights” amidst fluctuations. Driven
precisely aligning with market demands. Simultaneously,
by the dual engines of policy guidance and corporate
the expansion of diverse scenarios, such as “catering +
innovation, the industry exhibited strong resilience and
cultural tourism” and “catering + digitalisation”, coupled
vitality. According to the National Bureau of Statistics of
with the empowerment of intangible cultural heritage,
China, during the Period, national catering revenue reached
not only enriched the consumption experience but also
RMB5,798.2 billion, surpassing the threshold of RMB5,700
opened up new avenues for value growth in the industry.
billion, and representing a year-on-year increase of 3.2%,
which reflects the robust recovery resilience and intrinsic
growth momentum of catering consumption; and the
catering industry accounted for 11.6% of the total retail
sales of consumer goods, representing an increase of 0.2
percentage points compared to the previous year, indicating
its increasingly vital role in promoting consumption recovery
and driving domestic demand growth.
Annual Report 2025 7


===== PAGE 10 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
Looking ahead to 2026, China will implement more proactive In terms of product and service innovation, the Group
and effective macro policies, continuously expand domestic continued to launch a diversified range of food and
demand, and optimise supply. Leveraging the positive beverage products. Building on the strong popularity
momentum of the macroeconomic environment and the of the “Star Chef Series” ramen launched in 2024, the
inherent advantages of the catering industry rooted in its close Group further introduced the innovative “Super Big Bone
ties to people’s livelihoods, the catering economy is expected Meat Ramen”. The product quickly sparked a strong
to capitalise on this upward trend to unleash greater vitality market response after its launch and further enhanced
and achieve dual enhancements in both scale and quality brand attention.
amidst the wave of consumption recovery. At the same
time, it should be acknowledged that the catering market In terms of cost and expense control, the Group continued
still faces certain challenges, including fluctuating consumer to deepen the optimisation of its procurement system
confidence, rising cost pressures, and intensifying industry and improve the operating efficiency of its five major
competition. The Group will adhere to the principle of production bases (Shanghai, Chengdu, Tianjin, Wuhan
pursuing progress while ensuring stability, deepen innovation- and Dongguan), thereby effectively reducing wastage
driven initiatives, continuously optimise product and service and demonstrating the benefits of economies of scale
structures, strengthen risk management and brand building, and enhanced operational efficiency. Staff costs recorded
actively seize market opportunities, and strive to achieve only a slight year-on-year increase of 2.3%, while the
sustainable, high-quality development and deliver robust staff cost-to-turnover ratio decreased to 26.8% from
returns to shareholders and investors. the corresponding period of last year. This reflected
the Group’s effective management of human resource
expenses through adjustments to its manpower structure
Business Review
and optimisation of job functions while expanding its
store network, thereby promoting greater organisational
During the Period, the Group recorded a turnover of efficiency.
approximately RMB1,831.9 million, representing an increase
of 6.7% as compared to approximately RMB1,717.3 million Looking ahead to 2026, the catering industry is expected
for the corresponding period in 2024. The growth was mainly to maintain an overall growth trend, benefiting from
attributable to the Group’s continued implementation of macroeconomic policy support and expanding consumer
a prudent expansion strategy amid a challenging market demand, although industry uncertainties and competitive
environment, with a net addition of 21 stores during the pressures will remain. Looking forward, the Group will
year. Benefiting from a stable consumption atmosphere and adhere to its fundamental strategy of seeking progress
favourable locations, the Hong Kong market provided notable while maintaining stability, continue to deepen product
support to the Group’s overall sales, driving the continued innovation, strengthen cost and risk management,
recovery of the Group’s revenue. As at 31 December 2025, and seize market opportunities to promote sustainable
the Group had a total of 617 restaurants in operation. and high-quality development, reinforce its long-
term competitiveness and create continuing value for
Facing the overall slowdown in the growth of the catering shareholders.
industry, intensified industry competition, fluctuations in
consumer confidence and rising cost pressures, the Group
adhered to a prudent and pragmatic business approach
and remained focused on internal optimisation, including
strictly controlling the site selection process for new stores,
upgrading the hardware and software of existing stores, and
enhancing customer experience and brand appeal. These
measures further consolidated the Group’s competitive
position in its principal markets.
8 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 11 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
Retail Chain Restaurants
In 2025, the Group’s major business and primary source of income continued to stem from the retail chain restaurant
business. During the year, the Group’s restaurant business income recorded approximately RMB1,783,789,000 (2024:
approximately RMB1,649,827,000), accounted for approximately 97.4% (2024: approximately 96.1%) of the Group’s
total revenue.
As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s restaurant portfolio consisted of 617 chain restaurants, comprising the following:
31 December 2025 31 December 2024 +/–
By provinces/cities
Shanghai 107 109 -2
Beijing 42 35 +7
Tianjin 2 2 –
Guangdong (excluding Shenzhen) 63 65 -2
Shenzhen 26 23 +3
Jiangsu 84 78 +6
Zhejiang 58 62 -4
Sichuan 14 13 +1
Chongqing 12 10 +2
Fujian 12 12 –
Hunan 13 13 –
Hubei 15 13 +2
Liaoning 4 4 –
Shandong 31 34 -3
Guangxi 15 15 –
Guizhou 4 4 –
Jiangxi 11 12 -1
Shaanxi 8 7 +1
Yunnan 11 10 +1
Henan 3 4 -1
Hebei 7 7 –
Anhui 14 14 –
Xinjiang 2 2 –
Hainan 3 3 –
Shanxi 2 2 –
Neimenggu 3 3 –
Heilongjiang 6 6 –
Ningxia 1 1 –
Jilin 4 5 -1
Hong Kong 39 26 +13
Rome 1 1 –
Finland 0 1 -1
Total 617 596 +21
Annual Report 2025 9


===== PAGE 12 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
31 December 2025 31 December 2024 +/–
By geographical region
Northern China 98 95 +3
Eastern China 263 263 –
Southern China 169 156 +13
Central China 86 80 +6
Europe 1 2 -1
Total 617 596 21
Financial Review Gross profit and gross profit margin
Driven by the above factors, the Group’s gross profit
Turnover
for the year ended 31 December 2025 increased by
For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group’s approximately 7.3% or approximately RMB96,507,000
turnover increased by approximately 6.7% or approximately to approximately RMB1,410,159,000 from approximately
RMB114,646,000 to approximately RMB1,831,936,000 from RMB1,313,652,000 for the corresponding period in 2024.
approximately RMB1,717,290,000 for the corresponding
period in 2024. In 2025, the economy remained stable, and The Group’s gross profit margin increased to 77.0%,
the Group achieved a net increase of 21 stores, with a net compared to approximately 76.5% for the corresponding
addition of 13 stores in the Hong Kong region accounted for period in 2024.
a relatively larger proportion of the overall sales growth. The
Staff costs
Group will continue to expand its restaurant network with a
prudent and steady strategy.
For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group’s staff
costs increased by approximately 2.3% or approximately
Cost of inventories consumed
RMB11,094,000 to approximately RMB490,550,000 from
For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group’s cost of approximately RMB479,456,000 for the corresponding
inventories increased by approximately 4.5% or approximately period in 2024.
RMB18,139,000 to approximately RMB421,777,000 from
approximately RMB403,638,000 for the corresponding period Staff costs as a proportion of turnover decreased by 1.1
in 2024. percentage point to 26.8%, compared to approximately
27.9% for the corresponding period in 2024. This
During the year, the ratio of inventory costs to turnover improvement was primarily attributable to the Group’s
was approximately 23.0%, representing a decrease of ongoing efforts to optimise operational processes and
0.5 percentage points from approximately 23.5% for the reorganise its office structure, which have effectively
corresponding period in 2024. This improvement in the reduced manpower costs while supporting business
inventory costs to turnover ratio was primarily attributable expansion.
to the Group’s sustained and disciplined efforts in optimising
procurement practices, enhancing production efficiency, and
implementing effective measures to minimise wastage across
its operations.
10 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 13 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
Depreciation With the increase in the number of stores, other operating
expenses have also risen accordingly, particularly in
For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group’s
service charges for delivery platforms. Due to intensified
depreciation increased by approximately 6.2% or approximately
competition in the food delivery market, the Group
RMB19,882,000 to approximately RMB341,370,000 from
recorded higher delivery revenue. This growth, however,
approximately RMB321,488,000 for the corresponding
resulted in a substantial increase in service fees paid
period in 2024. The increase in depreciation was primarily
to delivery platforms. In addition, the Group increased
attributable to the net addition of stores during the year,
its spending on advertising and promotions to enhance
which resulted in a corresponding rise in depreciation of
brand visibility.
right-of-use assets.
Other operating expenses
For the year ended 31 December 2025, other operating
expenses increased by approximately 3.2% to approximately
RMB513,686,000 from approximately RMB497,793,000 for
the corresponding period in 2024.
Set out below is the breakdown of the main operating expenses for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.
2025 2024 %
RMB million RMB million +/–
Utilities 94.4 91.2 +3.5%
Service charges for delivery platforms 85.1 56.9 +49.6%
Store and factory management fee 65.1 59.4 +9.6%
Consumables & utensils 55.7 47.8 +16.5%
Logistics expenses 26.6 26.4 +0.8%
Advertising and promotions 23.7 21.0 +12.9%
Rental expenses under short-term lease 21.4 12.9 +65.9%
Franchise expenses 18.0 22.2 -18.9%
Rental expenses under variable lease payment 19.4 21.7 -10.6%
Consultancy fee 9.5 18.3 -48.1%
Travelling expenses 6.0 7.0 -14.3%
Repairment and maintenance expenses 3.5 5.1 -31.4%
Cleaning expenses 3.5 2.5 +40.0%
Auditors’ remuneration 2.8 3.1 -9.7%
Annual Report 2025 11


===== PAGE 14 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
Other income Profit (loss) before tax
For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group’s other Being affected by the factors referred to above, the
income decreased by approximately 8.9% or approximately Group recorded a profit before tax of approximately
RMB7,955,000 to approximately RMB81,026,000 from RMB61,140,000 for the year ended 31 December 2025
approximately RMB88,981,000 for the corresponding (31 December 2024: a loss before tax of approximately
period in 2024. The decrease in other income was primarily RMB50,132,000).
attributable to lower interest income during the year, resulting
from a decline in prevailing market interest rates in 2025 as Profit (loss) attributable to owners of the
compared to 2024. Company
Being affected by the factors referred to above, the profit
Other gains and losses
attributable to owners of the Company for the year
The decrease in net other losses compared to the previous year ended 31 December 2025 amounted to approximately
was primarily attributable to a moderation in the impairment RMB28,408,000 (31 December 2024: loss of approximately
on investment properties. For the year ended 31 December RMB20,224,000).
2025, the Group recorded a fair value loss on investment
properties of approximately RMB48,131,000 (2024: fair Investments
value loss of approximately RMB101,253,000). The Group
The Group maintained an investment portfolio, which
anticipates that market conditions for investment properties
is categorized into three types based on its accounting
will remain subject to a certain degree of uncertainty in 2026.
treatment:
Finance costs
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
For the year ended 31 December 2025, finance costs increased (“FVTPL”), interests in associates and interest in a joint
by approximately 10.6% or approximately RMB2,391,000 venture.
to approximately RMB24,984,000 from approximately
RMB22,593,000 for the corresponding period in 2024. The
rise in finance costs was predominantly due to higher interest
on lease liabilities arising from the net addition of 21 new
stores during the year.
The following table shows the breakdown of the major investments:
Financial assets at FVTPL:
Initial
31 December 2025 31 December 2024 investment cost
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
Hezhi 68,796 72,281 99,120
Jialan Jiahua Fund 22,133 20,000 20,000
Jiahua Anyuan Fund 13,255 13,254 50,000
Reverse repurchase treasury bond 10,128 10,000 10,000
Others 5,000 10,000 14,907
Yunxi – – 60,000
119,312 125,535 254,027
12 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 15 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
Financial assets at FVTPL represented the unlisted equity investments and fund investments. The Group engaged an
independent qualified professional valuer to access the valuation.
Interests in associates
Initial
31 December 2025 31 December 2024 investment cost
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
Jiangsu Hong Xuan Ecological
Agriculture Company Limited – – 43,354
Yunnex Inc. – – 64,791
Others 33,469 35,763 53,196
33,469 35,763 161,341
The carrying amount of the interests in these associates was adjusted to reflect their estimated recoverable amount.
Interest in a joint venture
Initial
31 December 2025 31 December 2024 investment cost
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
Beijing Feicui Jinghua & Restaurant
Management Co., Ltd 8,353 8,593 12,858
The decrease in the value of joint venture mainly represented the share of post-acquisition results and other comprehensive
expense of the joint venture.
RISK MANAGEMENT Exposure to exchange rates
Presently, most of the Group’s business transactions,
Liquidity and financial resources
assets and liabilities are denominated in RMB and settled
The liquidity and financial position of the Group as at 31 in RMB. The Group’s exposure to currency risk is minimal
December 2025 remained healthy and strong, with bank as the Group’s assets and liabilities as at 31 December
balances amounting to approximately RMB1,699,731,000 2025 and 31 December 2024 were denominated in the
(31 December 2024: approximately RMB1,655,833,000) and respective Group companies’ functional currencies. The
a current ratio of 3.6 (31 December 2024: 3.7). Group does not have any currency hedging policy and
has not entered into any hedging or other instrument
As at 31 December 2025, the Group had bank borrowings to reduce currency risks. However, the management will
of approximately RMB29,966,000 (31 December 2024: closely monitor the Group’s exposure to the fluctuation
approximately RMB34,609,000) and therefore the gearing of exchange rates and take appropriate measures as
ratio (expressed as a percentage of total borrowings over necessary to minimise any adverse impact that may be
total assets) was 0.8% (31 December 2024: 0.9%). caused by such fluctuation.
Annual Report 2025 13


===== PAGE 16 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
Interest rate risk Contingent liabilities
As the Group has no significant interest-bearing assets As of 31 December 2025, the Group did not have any
(other than bank balances and cash), the Group’s income significant contingent liabilities.
and operating cash flows are substantially independent of
changes in market interest rates. Assets and liabilities
The Group’s net current assets were approximately
Credit risk
RMB1,370,198,000 and the current ratio was 3.6 as at 31
The Group has no significant concentrations of credit risk. December 2025 (31 December 2024: 3.7). As the Group
The carrying amounts of trade receivables, deposits and other is primarily engaged in the restaurant business, most of
receivables and bank balances and cash, included in the the sales are settled in cash. As a result, the Group was
consolidated balance sheets represent the maximum exposure able to maintain a relatively high current ratio.
to credit risk in relation to the Group’s financial assets. The
Group typically does not require collaterals from customers. Cash flows
Provisions are made for the balance that is past due when the
Cash generated from operations for the year ended 31
management considers the loss from non-performance by the
December 2025 was approximately RMB453,149,000,
customers is likely. Sales to retail customers are settled in cash
while the Group recorded profit before taxation for
or by using major credit cards. The Group also makes deposits
the same period was approximately RMB61,140,000.
to the relevant landlords for lease of certain of the self-
The difference was due to the non-cash items, mainly
managed outlets. As of 31 December 2025 and 31 December
fair value movements on the investment properties and
2024, all of the bank balances were deposited with highly
depreciation of property, plant and equipment and right-
reputable and sizable banks and financial institutions without
of use assets.
significant credit risk in Mainland China and Hong Kong.
The management does not expect to incur any loss from
Capital expenditure
non-performance by these banks and financial institutions.
For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group’s
Significant investments held, material capital expenditure was approximately RMB82,111,000
acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries, (2024: approximately RMB110,461,000). This was
and future plans for material investments primarily achieved through careful site selection and strict
or capital assets control over capital expenditure, leading to the decrease
in spending.
Save for those disclosed in this announcement, there were
no other significant investments held, nor were there any
material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries during
the year under review. Apart from those disclosed in this
announcement, there was no plan authorised by the Board
for other material investments or additions of capital assets
at the date of this announcement. The Board further confirms
that the Group’s transactions in financial assets during the
Reporting Period, whether considered on a standalone or
aggregate basis, did not constitute notifiable transactions
under Chapter 14 of the Rules Governing the Listing of
Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the
“Listing Rules”).
14 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 17 =====
Corporate Governance Report
Introduction for effective and efficient planning and implementation of
business decisions and strategies. The relevant deviation is
therefore considered reasonable at the current stage. It is
The board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”)
also considered that the current structure does not impair
and the senior management (the “Management”) of the
the balance of power and authority between the Board
Company recognize that sound corporate governance
and the Management given the appropriate delegation
practices are crucial to the efficient operation of the Group
of the power of the Board and the effective functions of
and the safeguarding of our shareholders’ interests. The
the Independent Non-executive Directors (the ”INEDs”)
Board believes that good corporate governance principles
(number of which exceeds one-third of the members of
ensuring ethical business integrity, sustainable economic,
the Board). However, it is the long-term objective of the
environmental, and social development will enable the
Company to have these two roles performed by separate
Group’s stakeholders, including shareholders, investors,
individuals when suitable candidates are identified.
customers, suppliers, employees and the community to have
trust and faith in the Group to take care of their needs,
The Board will continue to review and monitor the corporate
enhance corporate value as well as formulate its business
governance practices of the Company for the purpose
strategies & policies. In this regard, the Board emphasizes
of complying with the code provisions of the Code and
on transparency, accountability and independence in order
maintaining a high standard of corporate governance of
to enhance our long-term shareholders’ return.
the Company.
Corporate Governance Practices
Model Code for Securities Transactions
The Company has, throughout the year ended 31 December
The Company has adopted a code of conduct regarding
2025, adopted the Corporate Governance Code (the
securities transactions by Directors on terms no less exacting
“Code”) as set out in Appendix C1 of the Rules Governing
than the required standard (the “Required Standard”) of
the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (the “Listing
the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of
Rules”) and complied with all applicable code provisions
Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix
under the Code, save and except for the deviation from
C3 of the Listing Rules.
the code provision C.2.1 of the Code. Pursuant to the
code provision C.2.1, the roles of the chairman and chief
The Company has made specific enquiry to all Directors,
executive should be separate and should not be performed
and all Directors have confirmed that, throughout the year
by the same individual. Currently, the Company does not
under review, they complied with the Required Standard.
comply with code provision C.2.1, i.e. the roles of the
chairman and chief executive have not been separated.
In addition, the Board has adopted written guidelines (the
Although Ms. Poon Wai performs both the roles of chairman
“Employees’ Guidelines governing Securities Transactions”)
of Board (the “Chairman”) and the chief executive officer
for securities transactions by employees (the “Relevant
of the Company (the “CEO”), the division of responsibilities
Employees”) who are likely to be in possession of inside
between the Chairman and CEO is clearly established and
information of the Company, on terms no less exacting
set out in writing. In general, the Chairman is responsible
than the Model Code.
for supervising the functions and performance of the Board,
while the CEO is responsible for the management of the
Having made specific enquiry to all the Relevant Employees,
business of the Group. The two roles are performed by
the Company confirmed that all the Relevant Employees
Ms. Poon distinctly. The Board believes that at the current
have complied with the Required Standard as set out
stage of development of the Group, vesting the roles of
in the Employees’ Guidelines for Securities Transactions
both Chairman and CEO in the same person provides the
throughout the year ended 31 December 2025.
Company with strong and consistent leadership, allows
Annual Report 2025 15


===== PAGE 18 =====
Corporate Governance Report
DISCLOSURE OF INSIDE Anti-corruption
INFORMATION
At the employees’ level as well as the suppliers’ level, the
Group strictly complies with the state laws and regulations
The Group acknowledges its responsibilities under the
and has formulated internal anti-corruption guidelines.
Securities and Futures Ordinance, Chapter 571 of the Laws
For details, please refer to the Environmental, Social and
of Hong Kong and the Listing Rules and the overriding
Governance Report on page 34 of this annual report.
principle that inside information should be announced
promptly when it is the subject of a decision. The procedures
The Group also organises anti-corruption briefings and
and internal controls for the handling and dissemination of
training courses from time to time to ensure that employees
inside information are as follows:
and suppliers understand how to avoid bribery, conflicts
of interest and receipt of gains. The Group encourages
• the Group conducts its affairs with close regard to
employees to report any corruption case. During the
the disclosure requirements under the Listing Rules
Reporting Period, the Group or its employees were not
as well as the “Guidelines on Disclosure of Inside
involved in any legal cases related to corruption.
Information” published by the Securities and Futures
Commission of Hong Kong in June 2012;
• the Group has implemented and disclosed its
policy on fair disclosure by pursuing broad, non-
exclusive distribution of information to the public
through channels such as financial reporting, public
announcements and the Company’s website;
• the Group has strictly prohibited unauthorised use
of confidential or inside information; and
• the Group has established and implemented
procedures for responding to external enquiries about
the Group’s affairs, so that only the executive Directors
of the Company are authorised to communicate with
parties outside the Group.
16 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 19 =====
Corporate Governance Report
The Board of Directors Independent non-executive Directors
Mr. Lo Peter
Mr. Jen Shek Voon
The Board is the core of the corporate governance structure
Mr. Ho Pak Chuen Brian
of the Company. It is responsible for giving guidance to and
reviewing the efficiency of the Management. The Board is
All Directors have appropriate professional qualification or
fully aware of its prime responsibilities to the Company and
substantive experience and industry knowledge. The Board
its duties to protect and enhance long-term shareholders’
as a whole has achieved an appropriate balance of skills and
return.
experience. The Directors’ biographies are set out under the
section headed “Directors” of this annual report.
To ensure effective supervision and proper guidance of the
Management, the Board considers and approves decisions
Ms. Poon Wai, the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and
in relation to the Company’s long-term strategy, annual
executive Director, is the sister of Mr. Poon Ka Man, Jason,
business plan and financial budget, major acquisition
an executive Director and is the mother of Ms. Ng Minna,
and disposal, dividend policy, appointment of Directors,
an executive Director. Save as disclosed above, there is no
remuneration policy, risk management and internal control.
other relationship among the members of the Board.
While the daily management, administration, and operation
of the Group are delegated to the Company’s management,
During the Reporting Period, the composition of the Board
the Board provides clear directions and guidance regarding
is in accordance with the requirement of Rules 3.10 and
the management’s powers and the circumstances under
3.10A of the Listing Rules. There are three INEDs and one
which it must report to the Board, as well as ensuring that
of them has accounting professional qualification. More
their performance is efficient.
than one-third of the members of the Board are INEDs,
which brings a fairly strong independence element in its
The Company has arranged appropriate liability insurance
composition.
to indemnify the Directors for their liabilities arising out of
corporate activities. The insurance coverage will be reviewed
on an annual basis.
Independent Non-Executive
Directors
As regards the code provision of C.1.4 of the Code,
requiring the Directors to disclose the number and nature
The INEDs have the same duties of care, skill and fiduciary
of offices held in public companies or organisations and
duties as the executive Directors. They are expressly
other significant commitments as well as their identity and
identified as such in all corporate communications that
the time involved to the issuer, the Directors have agreed
disclose the names of the Directors.
to disclose their commitments to the Company in a timely
manner.
The INEDs are experienced professionals with expertise in
Composition respective areas of accounting, finance, industry knowledge
and expertise. With their professional knowledge and
The Board currently consists of eight Directors as follows:
experience, the INEDs advise the Company on its operation
and management; provide independent opinion on the
Executive Directors
Company’s connected transactions; and participate in the
Ms. Poon Wai (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)
Company’s various committees including Audit Committee,
Mr. Poon Ka Man, Jason
Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee. The
Ms. Ng Minna
INEDs have contributed to provide adequate checks and
balance to protect the interests of the Company and the
Non-executive Directors
Company’s shareholders (the “Shareholders”) as a whole,
Mr. Katsuaki Shigemitsu
and to advise strategically the development of the Company.
Mr. Yew Yat On
Annual Report 2025 17


===== PAGE 20 =====
Corporate Governance Report
Notwithstanding that two of the three INEDs have served At Board meetings, the Directors are free to express their
on the Board for more than nine years, the Nomination views and important decisions are subject to detailed
Committee is of the view and is satisfied that the length of discussion before they are made. If the Directors consider it
their respective tenures has not affected their independence necessary to seek advice from an independent professional
having regard to their actual contributions, impartiality and institution, they may engage an independent professional
ability to continue to demonstrate effective oversight of institution in accordance with the procedures and at the
management of the Company. The Nomination Committee expense of the Company. If a Director has an interest in a
is confident that the wealth of skills, knowledge and matter proposed by the Board, the relevant Director must
experience of each of INEDs enables each to continue to withdraw from the discussion of the relevant proposal
contribute meaningfully and objectively to the deliberations and abstain from voting, and the Director will not be
of the Board. Save as disclosed herein, none of the INEDs has counted in the quorum for voting on the resolution. In
any material business with or significant financial interests addition, the independent non-executive Directors should
in the Company or its subsidiaries, and accordingly, all the also express an objective and impartial independent opinion
INEDs continue to be considered to be independent by the on matters discussed by the Company. The independent
Company. The Board considers that the independence of non-executive Directors of the Company do not hold any
the long-serving INEDs from the management has not been position in the Company other than that of a Director,
diminished by their years of service. do not have any relationship with the Company and the
Company’s major shareholders that might influence their
The Company has received an annual confirmation from independent and objective judgement, and do not have
each of the INEDs, namely Mr. Jen Shek Voon, Mr. Lo Peter any business or financial interests in the Company or its
and Mr. Ho Pak Chuen Brian in respect of his independence subsidiaries. During the Reporting Period, the participation
in accordance with Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The of the INEDs effectively ensured that there was a strong
Company considers each of them is independent. and sufficient element of independence on the Board. The
Board will review the implementation and effectiveness of
the above mechanism on an annual basis.
Board Independence
Delegation by the Board
The Company recognises that Board independence is pivotal
to sound corporate governance and the effectiveness of the
Board. The Board has established mechanisms to ensure To maximise the effectiveness of the Group’s operations,
independent views and input from any Director of the the Board has delegated management and administration
Company are conveyed to the Board or enhancing an of the Group’s daily operations to the Executive Committee
objective and effective decision making. while reserving several important matters for its approval.
Accordingly, the Board has delegated specific authority to
The governance framework and the following mechanisms the Executive Committee, which comprises the Chairman
are reviewed annually by the Board to ensure their continued of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the Executive
effectiveness. Directors and the Chief Operating Officer to discharge
clearly defined responsibilities with appropriate authority.
The Executive Committee is responsible for overseeing the
daily operations of the Company, advising the Board on
the formulation of strategic directions and policies, making
significant corporate decisions within the authority delegated
by the Board, and ensuring the proper implementation of
resolutions approved by the Board. To facilitate effective
oversight, the Board has established clear written terms
of reference which specify the circumstances under which
matters and commitments must be referred to the Board
for prior approval and decision.
18 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 21 =====
Corporate Governance Report
Pursuant to the terms of reference of the Executive (v) setting human resources policies of the Company;
Committee, the major functions specifically reserved to and
the Board are summarized as follows:
(vi) granting of share options to the eligible employees
(i) approving annual operating budget of the Group; (other than Directors and Management) for a total
of not more than the number of share options as
(ii) approving connected transactions; specified and approved by the Board from time to
time.
(iii) approving mergers and acquisitions;
Corporate Governance Function
(iv) approving fund raising activities (including debt or
capital issues);
The Board recognizes that corporate governance is a
(v) approving corporate guarantee; collective responsibility of the Directors. The corporate
governance duties of the Board include the following:
(vi) approving internal control policy;
(a) to develop, review and implement the Company’s
(vii) approving financial results announcements; and policy and practices on corporate governance;
(viii) approving other disclosures specifically required by or (b) to review and monitor the training and continuous
matters as specifically mentioned under the Listing professional development of the Directors and
Rules. Management;
The Executive Committee is principally, among others, (c) to review and monitor the Company’s policies and
responsible for: practices on compliance with legal and regulatory
requirements;
(i) reviewing business strategies and management of
the Company; (d) to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct
and compliance manual (if any) applicable to
(ii) formulating and implementing investment and employees and the Directors;
financing activities of the Company;
(e) to review the Company’s compliance with the Code
(iii) implementing the Company’s strategies, monitoring and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report;
performance of the Management and ensuring and
appropriate internal risk controls and risk management
are in place; (f) to develop, review and monitor the implementation
of the shareholders’ communication policy to ensure
(iv) implementing measures and procedures in compliance its effectiveness, and make recommendation to the
with the laws, regulations, Listing Rules, Articles of Board where appropriate to enhance shareholders’
Association and internal regulations applicable to the relationship with the Company.
Company;
During the year, the above corporate governance functions
were duly performed and discharged by the Board, and
the Board has reviewed the Company’s compliance with
the Code.
Annual Report 2025 19


===== PAGE 22 =====
Corporate Governance Report
Chairman and Chief Executive Pursuant to code provision B.2.2 of the Code, every director,
Officer (“CEO”) including those appointed for a specific term, should be
subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three
years. All of the Directors including the non-executive
Under code provision C.2.1 of the Code, the roles of
Director and the INEDs are appointed for a specific term.
Chairman and chief executive should be separate and
Each of the non-executive Director and the INEDs has
should not be performed by the same individual. Under the
entered into a letter of appointment with the Company
current organization structure of the Company, Ms. Poon
for a period of two to three years subject to the rotation
Wai is the Chairman of the Board and the CEO. With her
requirement. In accordance with the Company’s articles of
extensive experience in the industry, the Board believes that
association (the “Articles of Association”), at each annual
vesting the roles of both Chairman and CEO in the same
general meeting of the Company (the “AGM”), one-third
person provides the Company with strong and consistent
of the Directors for the time being shall retire from office
leadership, allows for effective and efficient planning and
by rotation provided that every Director (including those
implementation of business decisions and strategies, and
appointed for a specific term) shall be subject to retirement
is beneficial to the business prospects and management of
by rotation at least once every three years and any Director
the Group. Although Ms. Poon Wai performs both roles,
appointed by the Board or elected by the Shareholders to
the division of responsibilities between the Chairman and
fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the Board shall
the CEO has been clearly defined and set out in writing.
hold office until the next first AGM after his appointment
In general, the Chairman is responsible for supervising
and shall then be eligible for re-election.
the functions and performance of the Board, while the
CEO is responsible for the management of the business
Mr. Poon Ka Man, Jason, Ms Ng Minna and Mr. Ho Pak
of the Group. The two roles are performed by Ms. Poon
Chuen, Brian shall retire or hold office until the forthcoming
Wai distinctly. In her capacity as Chairman, Ms. Poon
AGM and being eligible, shall offer themselves for re-
encourages Directors to make a full and active contribution
election at the forthcoming AGM.
to the Board’s affairs and takes the lead to ensure that
the Board acts in the best interest of the Company. She
also encourages Directors with different views to express
their concerns and allows sufficient time for discussion of
issues arising, and ensures that Board decisions fairly reflect
the consensus of the Board. The Board considers that the
current structure does not impair the balance of power
and authority between the Board and Management, having
regard to the appropriate delegation of the authority by
the Board and the effective functions of the INEDs , who
represent more than one-third of the members of the
Board. Nevertheless, it remains the long-term objective of
the Company to separate the roles of Chairman and CEO
when suitable candidates are identified.
20 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 23 =====
Corporate Governance Report
Induction and Continuous According to the information provided by the Directors, a
Professional Development of summary of training received by the Directors throughout
Directors the year ended 31 December 2025 is set out below:
Nature of
Each newly appointed Director shall receive formal,
continuous
comprehensive and tailored induction on the first occasion
professional
of his/her appointment to ensure appropriate understanding
development
of the business and operations of the Company and full
Name of Directors programmes
awareness of director’s responsibilities and obligations
under the Listing Rules and relevant statutory requirements.
Executive Directors
Ms. Poon Wai A
Pursuant to Rule 3.09F of the Listing Rules, every Director
Mr. Poon Ka Man, Jason A
is required to receive continuous professional development
Ms. Ng Minna A
in each financial year. During the Reporting Period, all
Directors complied with the said requirement by keeping
Non-Executive Directors
themselves updated on the statutory and regulatory regime
Mr. Katsuaki Shigemitsu A
and the business environment to facilitate the discharge of
Mr. Yew Yat On A
their responsibilities. The Company will arrange appropriate
training for Directors as and when necessary to enable
INEDs
them to properly discharge their duties and to enhance
Mr. Jen Shek Voon A
their awareness of good corporate governance practices.
Mr. Lo Peter A
Mr. Ho Pak Chuen Brian A
Note:
A: reading seminar materials and updates relating to the latest
development of the Listing Rules and other applicable regulatory
requirements
Annual Report 2025 21


===== PAGE 24 =====
Corporate Governance Report
Supply of and Access to Information During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Board
convened a total of four meetings in person or by means
of electronic communication. Attendance of each Director
The Company provides all Directors with monthly updates
at the Board meetings and the general meetings of the
on the Company’s performance, position and prospects. In
Company is set out below:
addition, in order to ensure that the Directors’ duties can
be properly discharged, the Directors are entitled to seek
General meetings
advice from independent professional advisers whenever
Board Meetings Attended/
deemed necessary by them at the Company’s expense.
Attended/Eligible Number of
Name of Directors to Attend meeting(s) held
Board Meetings
Executive Directors
The Board meets regularly, and at least four times a year, Ms. Poon Wai 4/4 1/1
in person or by means of electronic communication. The Mr. Poon Ka Man, Jason 4/4 1/1
Chairman also meets with the INEDs at least once a year Ms. Ng Minna 4/4 1/1
without the presence of other Directors. Notices of regular
Board meetings are served to all Directors at least 14 Non-Executive Directors
days before the meetings. For all other Board and Board Mr. Katsuaki Shigemitsu 3/4 1/1
committee meetings, reasonable notice is generally given. Mr. Yew Yat On 4/4 1/1
All notices, agendas, schedules and the relevant information
of each Board and Board committee meeting are generally INEDs
made available to Directors or Board committee members Mr. Lo Peter 4/4 1/1
in advance. For regular board meetings, an agenda and Mr. Jen Shek Voon 4/4 1/1
accompanying board papers should be sent, in full, Mr. Ho Pak Chuen Brian 4/4 1/1
to Directors at least 3 days before the board or board
committee meeting. The Board is to ensure each director
Independent Board Committee
is given an opportunity to include matter(s) in the agenda
for before the meeting. The Board and each Director also
have separate and independent access to the Management Where there are matters involving connected or continuing
whenever necessary. connected transactions, so far as required under the Listing
Rules, an Independent Board Committee, comprising wholly
The company secretary of the Company or the secretary the INEDs, will be established.
to the Board committees is responsible for taking and/or
keeping minutes of all Board meetings and various Board
Board Committees
committees meetings in sufficient detail. Draft minutes are
normally circulated to the Directors for comment within a
reasonable time after each meeting is held, and the final The Board has established four committees, including the
version of the minutes is opened for Directors’ inspection. Executive Committee, the Remuneration Committee, the
Nomination Committee and the Audit Committee with
delegated powers for overseeing particular aspects of the
Company’s affair. Each of the Board committees of the
Company has been established with defined written terms
of reference.
22 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 25 =====
Corporate Governance Report
Executive Committee Remuneration Committee
To assist the Directors to discharge some of their duties The Remuneration Committee was set up on 8 March
and to enable effective management and execution, the 2007 in compliance with Appendix C1 of the Listing Rules.
Board has established an Executive Committee on 29 Details of the authorities and duties of the Remuneration
June 2007. Details of the authorities and duties of the Committee are set out in its terms of reference, which
Executive Committee are set out in its terms of reference. are available on the websites of the Company and the
The Executive Committee reviews specific issues and makes Stock Exchange. The main purpose for establishing the
their suggestions to the Board on reserved matters as Remuneration Committee is to ensure that the Company
mentioned above. can recruit, retain and motivate suitably qualified staff in
order to reinforce the success of the Company and create
Currently, the Executive Committee comprises three return for our shareholders. The terms of reference of the
members as follows: Remuneration Committee are summarized as follows:
Ms. Poon Wai (Chairman and CEO), (i) to make recommendations to the Board on the policy
an executive Director and structure for all remuneration of Directors and
Mr. Poon Ka Man, Jason (Chief Marketing Officer), senior management of the Company, as well as on the
an executive Director establishment of a formal and transparent procedure
Ms. Ng Minna (Director of New Business Department and for developing policy on such remuneration;
Operating Officer of Hong Kong and Macau Businesses),
an executive Director (ii) to have delegated responsibility to determine the
specific remuneration packages of all executive
During the year ended 31 December 2025, two Executive Directors and senior management, and make
Committee meetings were held. The attendance record recommendations to the Board of the remuneration
of each Executive Committee member at the Executive of non-executive Directors subject to the provision
Committee Meetings is set out below: (vi) below;
Executive (iii) to review and approve performance-based
Committee Meeting remuneration by reference to corporate goals and
Attended/ objectives resolved by the Board from time to time;
Number of
Name of Members meeting(s) held (iv) to review and approve the compensation payable
to executive Directors and senior management in
connection with any loss or termination of their office
Ms. Poon Wai 2/2
or appointment and ensure that such compensation
Mr. Poon Ka Man, Jason 2/2
is determined in accordance with relevant contractual
Ms. Ng Minna 2/2
terms and that such compensation is not otherwise
unfair and in excessive for the Company;
Annual Report 2025 23


===== PAGE 26 =====
Corporate Governance Report
(v) to review and approve compensation arrangements Nomination Committee
relating to dismissal or removal of Directors for
misconduct and ensure that such arrangements
The Nomination Committee was set up on 8 March 2007.
are determined in accordance with the relevant
Details of the authorities and duties of the Nomination
contractual terms and that any compensation payment
Committee are set out in its terms of reference, which are
is not otherwise unreasonable and inappropriate;
available on the websites of the Company and the Stock
Exchange. Its roles are highlighted as follows:
(vi) to ensure that no Director or any of his/her associates
is involved in deciding his/her own remuneration;
(i) to review the structure, size and composition of the
Board (including the skills, knowledge and experience)
(vii) to consider salaries paid by comparable companies,
on an annual basis and make recommendations to
time commitment and responsibilities and employment
the Board regarding any proposed changes;
conditions elsewhere in the Group; and
(viii) to review and/or approve matters relating to share (ii) to identify individuals suitably qualified to become
schemes under chapter 17 of the Listing Rules. Board members, and select or make recommendations
to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated
Currently, the Remuneration Committee comprises three for directorships;
members as follows:
(iii) to assess the independence of INEDs; and
Mr. Lo Peter (Chairman), an INED
Mr. Jen Shek Voon, an INED (iv) to make recommendations to the Board on the
Mr. Ho Pak Chuen Brian, an INED relevant matters relating to the appointment or
reappointment of Directors and succession planning
The Remuneration Committee may call any meetings at for Directors in particular the Chairman and the CEO.
anytime when necessary or desirable pursuant to the terms
of reference of the Remuneration Committee.
The Nomination Committee will assess the candidate or
incumbent on criteria such as integrity, experience, skill and
During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Remuneration
ability to commit time and effort to carry out the duties and
Committee held one committee meeting. The attendance
responsibilities. The recommendations of the Nomination
record of each Remuneration Committee member is set
Committee will then be put to the Board for decision.
out below:
Nomination Policy
Remuneration Committee
Meeting Attended/ The Company has adopted a nomination policy (the
Name of Members Number of meeting(s) held “Nomination Policy”) which sets out the selection criteria
and nomination procedures to identify and select potential
Mr. Jen Shek Voon 1/1 candidates for directorship.
Mr. Lo Peter 1/1
Mr. Ho Pak Chuen Brian 1/1
The Remuneration Committee discussed and reviewed
the remuneration policy and packages for Directors and
senior management during the meeting, including the
remuneration package and term of appointment for the
newly appointed independent non-executive director.
Details of the Directors’ remuneration are set out in note
11 to the consolidated financial statements.
24 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 27 =====
Corporate Governance Report
Selection Criteria (iii) Where appropriate, the Board will make
recommendations to the shareholders for
The following factors would be considered in assessing any
election of the proposed director at general
potential candidate for directorship:
meeting.
(a) reputation for integrity; B. Re-election of Director
(b) commitment in respect of available time and attention; (i) The Nomination Committee will review the
contribution and services rendered to the
(c) accomplishment, professional knowledge and industry Company of the retiring directors to be
experience which are relevant to the Company; re-elected at general meeting in accordance
with the Articles of Association.
(d) the number of existing directorships held by the
potential candidate, in particular, on the boards of (ii) The Nomination Committee will make
the listed companies; recommendations to the Board for the
proposed directors to stand for re-election at
(e) the potential contributions that the potential candidate general meeting.
can bring to the Board in terms of qualifications, skills,
experience, independence and gender diversity; and (iii) Where appropriate, the Board will make
recommendations to the shareholders for re-
(f) in case of appointment of independent non- election of retiring directors at general meeting.
executive director, the compliance with the criteria
Disclosure of the Policy
of independence as ascribed under Rule 3.13 of the
Listing Rules. A summary of the work performed by the Nomination
Committee during a financial year, including the disclosure
Nomination Procedures
of the Policy for the nomination of directors, nomination
A. Appointment of New Director procedures and the process and criteria adopted to select
and recommend for directorship, is disclosed in this
(i) The potential candidate will submit biographical
corporate governance report.
information as required by the Nomination
Committee for its evaluation whether the
potential candidate is qualified to be a director
of the Company.
(ii) A meeting of the Nomination Committee
will be convened for the members of the
Committee to discuss and consider (having
regard to the potential contributions that the
potential candidate can bring to the Board
in terms of qualifications, skills, experience,
independence and gender diversity); and make
recommendation to the Board, if applicable.
Annual Report 2025 25


===== PAGE 28 =====
Corporate Governance Report
Review of the Policy The attendance record of each Nomination Committee
member at the Nomination Committee meeting is set out
The Nomination Committee will monitor and review the
below:
Policy regularly with reference to the structure, size and
composition of the Board to ensure the Policy meets the
Nomination
current regulatory requirements and the business needs
Committee Meeting
of the Company.
Attended/
Number of
Currently, the Nomination Committee comprises three
Name of Members meeting(s) held
members as follows:
Mr. Ho Pak Chuen Brian 1/1
Mr. Ho Pak Chuen Brian (Chairman), an INED
Mr. Lo Peter 1/1
Mr. Lo Peter, an INED
Mr. Jen Shek Voon 1/1
Mr. Jen Shek Voon, an INED
The Nomination Committee may call any meetings at
Board Diversity Policy
anytime when necessary or desirable pursuant to the terms
of reference of the Nomination Committee.
On 2 December 2014, the Board adopted a board diversity
policy (the “Board Diversity Policy”) to enhance the
During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Nomination
effectiveness of the Board and to maintain high standard of
Committee held one committee meeting and had assessed
corporate governance. Under the Board Diversity Policy, the
the independence of INEDs, considered the reappointment
Nomination Committee will monitor the implementation of
of the retired Directors and discussed matters relating
the Board Diversity Policy and give adequate consideration
to procedure of nomination of director candidate by
to the Board Diversity Policy when identifying suitably
Shareholders, Directors’ evaluation and succession plan
qualified candidates to become members of the Board.
etc. We have conducted board evaluation annually.
Board diversity has been considered from a number of
A board range of areas have been assessed including
aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and
board composition, succession planning, sufficiency and
educational background, ethnicity, professional experience
effectiveness of the board committees, board effectiveness
and qualifications, length of service, skills, knowledge and
to ensure independent views and input are available to
industry experience. The selection of potential candidate will
the Board.
be based on the potential contributions that the potential
candidate can bring to the Board, having due regard to the
The Board is committed to review its own performance and
benefits of diversity on the Board without focusing on a
effectiveness at regular in intervals. The last evaluation was
single diversity aspect. As at the date of this annual report,
conducted in 27 March 2026.
the Board consists of two female and six male Directors.
The Board considers that the gender diversity in respect
of the Board taking into account the business model and
specific needs of the Company is satisfactory. The Group
has also taken, and continues to take, steps to promote
diversity at all levels of its workforce. Opportunities for
employment, training and career development are equally
opened to all eligible employees without discrimination. As
at 31 December 2025, among the eight directors of the
Group, two are female.
26 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 29 =====
Corporate Governance Report
As at 31 December 2025, approximately 67% of total (vi) to review the Company’s financial controls, internal
workforce of the Group are female and 33% of the total control and risk management systems;
workforce of the Group are male, The gender ratio of
female to male in the workforce of the Group including (vii) to discuss with the Management the system of
senior management and other employees was approximately internal control and ensure that the Management
67:33. has discharged its duty to have an effective
internal control system, including the adequacy of
resources, qualifications, and experience of staff of
Audit Committee
the Company’s accounting and financial reporting
function, and their training programmes and budget;
The Audit Committee was established on 8 March 2007
with written terms of reference in compliance with Rules (viii) to review the Group’s financial and accounting
3.21 and 3.22 of the Listing Rules, its terms of reference policies and practices;
are available on the websites of the Company and the Stock
Exchange. The principal duties of the Audit Committee (ix) to report to the Board on any other matters set out
include: in the Code; and
(i) to be primarily responsible for making recommendation (x) to review the Group’s Internal Audit Function.
to the Board on the appointment, re-appointment
and removal of external auditor, and to approve As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee
the remuneration and terms of engagement of the comprise of three INEDs as follows:
external auditor and any questions of resignation or
dismissal of that auditor; Mr. Jen Shek Voon (Chairman)
Mr. Lo Peter
(ii) to review and monitor the external auditor’s Mr. Ho Pak Chuen Brian
independence and objectivity and the effectiveness
of the audit process in accordance with applicable The Audit Committee meeting shall be held not less than
standard; twice a year pursuant to the terms of reference of the
Audit Committee.
(iii) to discuss with the external auditor before the audit
commences, the nature and scope of the audit and
reporting obligations, and ensure coordination where
more than one audit firms are involved;
(iv) to develop and implement policy on the engagement
of an external auditor to supply non-audit services;
(v) to monitor integrity of the Company’s financial
statements and the Company’s annual report and
accounts, half-year report and, if prepared for
publication, quarterly reports and to review significant
financial reporting judgements contained in them
before submission to the Board;
Annual Report 2025 27


===== PAGE 30 =====
Corporate Governance Report
During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Audit (ii) ensuring constantly updating information and
Committee held two committee meetings. The attendance coordinated sharing of information;
record of each Audit Committee member at the Audit
Committee meetings is set out below: (iii) exercising appropriate levels of supervision to ensure
the effectiveness and efficiency in the performance
Audit Committee of various functions and activities of the Group;
Meetings Attended/
Number of (iv) establishing and reviewing internal control measures
Name of Members meeting(s) held for minimising and eliminating identified risks; and
(v) seeking advice from external consultants for the
Mr. Jen Shek Voon 2/2
enhancement and maintenance of the Group’s
Mr. Lo Peter 2/2
internal control system.
Mr. Ho Pak Chuen Brian 2/2
The executive Directors, with the coordination of the
The Audit Committee is satisfied with its review of the
management of the Group, strive to develop, implement
auditor’s remuneration and the independence of the auditor,
and maintain an internal control and risk management
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu (“DTT”), and recommended to
system by conducting on-going business reviews; evaluating
the Board the re-appointment of DTT as the Company’s
significant risks faced by the Group; formulating appropriate
auditor for the year 2026, which is subject to the approval
policies, programmes and authorization criteria; conducting
of shareholders at the forthcoming AGM.
business variance analyses of actual result versus business
plan; undertaking critical path analyses to identify the
The Company’s interim results for the six months ended
impediments in attaining the corporate goals and initiating
30 June 2025 and the annual results for the year ended
corrective measures; following up on isolated cases;
31 December 2025 have been reviewed by the Audit
identifying inherent deficiencies in the internal control
Committee, which is of the opinion that applicable
system; and making timely remedies and adjustments to
accounting standards and requirements have been complied
avoid recurrence of problems.
with and that adequate disclosures have been made.
The Board acknowledges that it is its responsibility to ensure
Risk Management and Internal that the Company establishes and maintains sound risk
Control management and internal control systems within the Group
and to review the effectiveness of the systems. Such systems
The Board strives to cultivate and disseminate a good internal are designed to manage and mitigate risks inherent in the
control and risk management culture of the Company and Group’s business faced by the Group to an acceptable
its subsidiaries by: level, but not eliminating the risk of failure to achieve
business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and
(i) identifying and assessing relevant risks, considering not absolute assurance against material misstatement, loss
and giving approval to necessary control activities or fraud.
proposed by executive Directors in accordance
with risk assessments, to rationalize the control
environment so as to lower operational risks but
without impeding operating efficiency;
28 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 31 =====
Corporate Governance Report
Under the Company’s risk management and internal control • the Management, together with the finance
structure, the Management is responsible for the design, department, monitored and reviewed the risk
implementation and maintenance of risk management management and internal control systems on an
and internal control systems to ensure, amongst others, ongoing basis and reported to the Audit Committee
(i) appropriate policies and control procedures have been regarding the status of the systems;
designed and established to safeguard the Group’s assets
against improper use or disposal; (ii) relevant laws, rules • the Management periodically followed up and
and regulations are adhered to and complied with; and (iii) reviewed the implementation of the measures,
reliable financial and accounting records are maintained controls and response plans to major risks identified in
in accordance with relevant accounting standards and order to make sure that sufficient attention, monitor
regulatory reporting requirements. and responses were paid to all major risks identified;
The main features of risk management and internal control • the Management reviewed the risk management
structure of the Company are as follows: and internal control systems periodically to identify
process and control deficiencies, and designed and
(1) Risk Identification: by heads of major operation units implemented corrective actions to address such
or departments; deficiencies; and
(2) Risk Mitigation and Control: by heads of major • the Management ensured appropriate procedures
operation units or departments in accordance with and measures such as safeguarding assets against
the internal guidelines approved by the Board and unauthorized use or disposition, controlling capital
the Audit Committee; expenditure, maintaining proper accounting records
and ensuring the reliability of financial information
(3) Risk Reporting: during the financial year, the heads of used for business and publications, etc. are in place.
major operation units or departments have received
IAF Report in which they have implemented the The internal audit function of the Company monitored
recommendation after due consideration and in the internal governance of the Company and provided
consultation with the Chairman and CEO. independent assurances as to the adequacy and effectiveness
of the Company’s risk management and internal control
During the Reporting Period, major works performed by the systems. The internal audit reports that were submitted
Management in relation to risk management and internal to the Audit Committee, and the internal audit process,
control include the following: have been reviewed and the external professional firm
attended meetings of the Audit Committee to present
• each major operation unit or department was and explain their findings. The Audit Committee reviewed
responsible for daily risk management activities, the draft reports submitted by the external professional
including identifying major risks that may impact on firm and has made the necessary recommendations to the
the Group’s performance; assessing and evaluating Board to put in place the mechanism for implementing an
the identified risks according to their likely impacts effective internal audit function. The Board has accepted
and the likelihood of occurrence; formulating and the recommendations of the Audit Committee.
implementing measures, controls and response plans
to manage and mitigate such risks;
Annual Report 2025 29


===== PAGE 32 =====
Corporate Governance Report
The Company has maintained internal guidelines for Whistle-Blowing Policy
ensuring that inside information is disseminated to the
public in an equal and timely manner in accordance with
The Whistle-Blowing Policy (the “WBP”) was set up on 17
the applicable laws and regulations. Senior executives of
April 2009 and updated on 27 March 2024. The WBP aims
the investor relations, corporate affairs and financial control
to provide an avenue for employees to raise concerns and
functions of the Group are delegated with responsibilities
reassurance that they will be protected from reprisals or
to control and monitor the proper procedures to be
victimization for whistleblowing in good faith. For details,
observed on the disclosure of inside information. Access
please refer to the Environmental, Social and Governance
to inside information is at all times confined to relevant
Report on page 34 of this annual report.
senior executives and confined on “need-to-know” basis.
Relevant personnel and other professional parties involved
The Board believes that, in the absence of any evidence to
are reminded to preserve confidentiality of the inside the contrary, the system of internal controls maintained by
information until it is publicly disclosed. Other procedures the Group throughout the year ended 31 December 2025
such as pre-clearance on dealing in the Company’s securities provides reasonable assurance against material financial
by Directors and designated members of the Management, misstatements or loss, and includes the safeguarding of
notification of regular blackout period and securities dealing assets, the maintenance of proper accounting records,
restrictions to Directors and employees, and identification of the reliability of financial information, compliance with
project by code name have also been implemented by the appropriate legislation, regulation and best practice, and
Company to guard against possible mishandling of inside the identification and containment of business risks.
information within the Group.
Directors’ Responsibility for the
The Company has adopted arrangement to facilitate
Financial Statements
employees and other stakeholders to raise concerns,
in confidence, about possible improprieties in financial
The Directors understand and acknowledge their
reporting, internal control or other matters. The Audit
responsibility for ensuring that the financial statements
Committee reviewed such arrangement regularly and
for each financial year are prepared to give a true and fair
ensured that proper arrangements are in place for fair
view of the state of affairs, profitability and cash flow of
and independent investigation of these matters and for
the Group in accordance with the disclosure requirements
appropriate follow-up action.
of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.
During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee had
In preparing the financial statements of the Group for the
discussions with the Management and senior executives
year ended 31 December 2025, the Directors have adopted
regarding the effectiveness of the risk management and
appropriate and consistent accounting policies and made
internal control systems and the works of the internal
prudent and reasonable judgements and estimations. The
audit function. Such discussions include the adequacy
Directors are responsible for maintaining proper accounting
of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training
records which reflect with reasonable accuracy, the state of
programmes and budget of the Company’s accounting,
affairs, operating results, cash flows and equity movement
internal audit and financial reporting functions. of the Group at any time. The Directors confirm that the
preparation of the financial statements of the Group is
On the basis of the aforesaid, the Audit Committee was in accordance with statutory requirements and applicable
not aware of any significant issues that would have an accounting standards.
adverse impact on the effectiveness and adequacy of the
risk management and internal control of the Company. The Directors also confirm that, to the best of their
knowledge, information and belief, having made all
reasonable enquiries, they are not aware of any material
uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast
significant doubt upon the Company’s ability to continue
as a going concern.
30 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 33 =====
Corporate Governance Report
The auditor’s statement about their reporting responsibilities Communication with Shareholders
on the financial statements is set out on pages 97 to 98 and Investor Relations
of this annual report.
The Board recognizes the importance of good
communications with all Shareholders. The 2025 AGM is
Auditor’s Remuneration
a valuable forum for the Board to communicate directly
with the Shareholders. The Chairmen of the Board,
The Group’s independent external auditor is DTT. The
the Audit Committee, the Nomination Committee and
remuneration for the audit and non-audit services provided
the Remuneration Committee and the external auditor
by DTT to the Group during the year ended 31 December
present at the 2025 AGM held on 20 May 2025 to answer
2025 was approximately as follows:
Shareholders’ questions. The Company’s forthcoming AGM
will be held on 23 June 2026 (the “2026 AGM”).
Type of Services Fee paid/payable
(RMB’000)
A key element of effective communication with Shareholders
and investors is prompt and timely dissemination of
Audit 2,800
information in a transparent manner in relation to the
Non-audit services –
Group. The Company has announced its inside information,
announcement, interim and annual results in a timely
Total: 2,800
manner according to the Listing Rules.
A shareholders’ communication policy was adopted
Company Secretary
pursuant to the Code which aims at establishing a two-way
relationship and communication between the Company and
In order to uphold good corporate governance and ensure its Shareholders. To promote effective communication, the
compliance with the Listing Rules and applicable Hong Kong Company maintains two websites at www.ajisen.com.hk
laws, the Company engaged Ms. Cheung Lai Ha (“Ms.
and www.ajisen.com.cn where up-to-date information on
Cheung”), a representative of Computershare Hong Kong
the Company’s business operations and developments,
Investor Services Limited (a company secretarial services
financial information, corporate governance practices and
provider), as its company secretary. Ms. Cheung resigned
other information are available for public access.
from her position as company secretary on 27 March 2025
due to her departure from Computershare Hong Kong
The Board regularly reviews the existing channels of
Investor Services Limited, and Mr. Ng Tung Ching Raphael
communication with Shareholders and investors to make
(“Mr. Ng”) was appointed as the new company secretary
sure they remain effective and provide recommendations
on the same date. The primary contact person for the
for improvements when needed. The Board considers the
Company is Mr. Poon Ka Man, Jason, the Executive Director.
current practices were all well-implemented throughout the
year and achieved satisfactory.
During the year ended 31 December 2025, Mr. Ng has
undertaken not less than 15 hours of relevant professional
The Group values feedback from Shareholders on its efforts
training in compliance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.
to promote transparency and foster investor relationships.
Enquiries, comments and suggestions to the Board or the
Company are welcome and can be addressed to 6/F, Block
B, Ajisen Group Tower, 24-26 Sze Shan Street, Yau Tong,
Kowloon with attention to Mr. Poon Ka Man, Jason.
Annual Report 2025 31


===== PAGE 34 =====
Corporate Governance Report
Closure of register of members Convening an extraordinary general
meeting by Shareholders
The record date for determining the eligibility of Shareholders
(except for holders of treasury shares, if any) to attend and Pursuant to article 64 of the Articles of Association, any
vote at the 2026 AGM is 23 June 2026. The register of Shareholder holding not less than one-tenth of the paid up
members of the Company will be closed from 17 June 2026 share capital of the Company carrying the right of voting
to 23 June 2026, both days inclusive, during which period at general meetings of the Company has statutory rights
no transfer of shares will be effected. to call for extraordinary general meetings and put forward
agenda items for consideration by Shareholders by sending
In addition, the record date for determining the entitlement to the Board or the company secretary of the Company at
of Shareholders (except for holders of treasury shares, if the principal place of business of the Company in Hong
any) to the proposed final dividend for the year ended 31 Kong a written request for such general meeting duly signed
December 2025 is 2 July 2026. The register of members of by the Shareholders concerned together with the proposed
the Company will be closed from 29 June 2026 to 2 July agenda items and such meeting shall be held within two
2026, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer months of the deposit of such requisition. Shareholders
of shares will be effected. also have the right to propose a person for election as a
Director, the procedures are available on the websites of
In order to qualify for attending and voting at the 2026 the Company and the Stock Exchange.
AGM, and the entitlement for the final dividend, all
transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share Dividend Policy
certificates must be lodged with the Company’s Hong
Pursuant to code provision F.1.1 under Part 2 of the Code,
Kong Branch Share Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong
the Company has formulated and adopted a dividend policy
Investor Services Limited at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor,
(the “Dividend Policy”) which aims to set out the principles
Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong
and guidelines in recommending or declaring dividends to
Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on 16 June 2026 and 26
the Shareholders.
June 2026 respectively.
The Company is committed to healthy and sustainable
business development and attaches great importance
Shareholders’ Rights
to generating reasonable investment returns to the
Shareholders by declaring and distributing dividends to
To safeguard Shareholders’ interests and rights, a separate
the Shareholders conservatively.
resolution is proposed for each issue at Shareholders’
meetings, including the election of individual directors.
Principles and Guidelines
All resolutions put forward at Shareholders’ meetings will 1. The Board has the discretion to declare and
be voted on by poll pursuant to the Listing Rules and poll distribute dividends to the Shareholders subject to
results will be posted on the websites of the Company the requirements of the Articles of Association, the
and the Stock Exchange in a timely manner after each laws of Cayman Islands, and other any applicable
Shareholders’ meeting. At the 2025 AGM, all resolutions laws, rules and regulations and the policies.
were passed by poll by the Shareholders of the Company.
32 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 35 =====
Corporate Governance Report
2. The Board may, before recommending any dividend, 5. The Board may pay half-yearly or at other suitable
set aside out of the profits of the Company such sums intervals to be settled by it any dividend which may be
as it thinks fit as a reserve or reserves which shall, at payable at a fixed rate if the Board is of the opinion
the discretion of the Board, be applicable for meeting that the financial conditions and the profits of the
working capital requirements of the Company. Company justify the payment.
3. Currently, no fixed payment ratio has been set. The 6. The Board may from time to time declare any special
Board shall take into account the following factors dividends of such amounts and on such dates and
of the Group when considering the declaration or out of such distributable funds of the Company as
recommendation of dividends: it thinks fit.
• the Company’s actual and expected financial 7. The Company may declare and pay dividends by way
performance; of cash or an allotment of shares credited as fully
paid or by other means that the Board considers
• the Group’s working capital requirements, appropriate.
capital expenditure requirements/plans and
future expansion plans; 8. Any unclaimed dividend shall be forfeited by the
Board and shall revert to the Company in accordance
• the Group’s liquidity position; with the Articles of Association and the laws of the
Cayman Islands. No dividends shall be declared or
• retained earnings and distributable reserves of payable except out of the Company’s profits and
the Company and each of the subsidiaries of reserves lawfully available for distribution.
the Group;
9. For the avoidance of doubt, the Dividend Policy shall
• any restrictions on payment of dividends that in no way constitute a legally binding commitment
may be imposed by the Group’s lenders; by the Company in respect of its future dividend
and/or in no way obligate the Company to declare
• taxation consideration; a dividend at any time or from time to time.
• the shareholders’ interests; 10. Dividends declared in the past may not be indicative
of the Company’s future dividend policy.
• the general economic conditions, business cycle
of the Group’s business and other internal and
CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
external factors that may have an impact on the
business or financial performance and position
of the Group; and During the year ended 31 December 2025, no amendments
were made to the Company’s constitutional documents.
• other factors that the Board may consider An up-to-date consolidated version of the Memorandum
relevant. and Articles is available on the websites of the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange and the Company.
4. The Company in each AGM may declare dividends
in any currency but no dividends shall exceed the
Looking Forward
amount recommended by the Board.
The Company will review its corporate governance practices
regularly and the Board endeavors to implement necessary
measures and policies to ensure the compliance with the
Code introduced by the Stock Exchange.
Annual Report 2025 33


===== PAGE 36 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
ABOUT THE REPORT Reporting Scope
The Report covers the period from 1 January 2025 to 31
Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited (the “Company”, together
December 2025 (the “Reporting Period” or “2025”). The
with its subsidiaries, collectively the “Group”, “we”, “our”
reporting scope is determined based on the materiality
or “us”) is one of the leading fast casual restaurant chain
and significance of ESG impacts on each business unit
operators in the mainland (“Mainland China”) and the
under the Group’s direct operational control, including
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (“Hong Kong”) of
the Group’s business operations in Mainland China and
the People’s Republic of China. Adhering to the principles
Hong Kong, China, which primarily involve the manufacture
of environmental protection, social responsibility and good
and sale of noodles and related products. Disclosure of
corporate governance, the Group hereby presents the
ESG policies, measures and relevant laws and regulations
2025 environmental, social and governance report (the
is made on a Group-wide basis, while the environmental
“Report”), which elaborates on the implementation of
key performance indicators (KPIs) cover offices in Mainland
the Group’s policies, the execution of measures and the
China and Hong Kong, China, as well as production bases
performance of the Group in all aspects of environmental,
in Shanghai, Chengdu, Tianjin, Wuhan and Dongguan. In
social and governance (“ESG”).
addition, greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1, Scope 2 and
Scope 3 categories) are disclosed using the operational
control approach, and the reporting boundary is generally
consistent with that of this ESG Report, unless otherwise
stated. The Group is committed to continuously enhancing
its data collection system and regularly reviewing and
adjusting the reporting scope.
Reporting Principles
The Report has been prepared in accordance with the ESG Reporting Code (the “Code”) under Appendix C2 to the
Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. We strictly adhere to the four
core reporting principles in the Code:
Reporting Principles Definitions and Application
Materiality The Report focuses on the disclosure of environmental (including climate change),
social and governance matters that have a material impact on the Group’s operations
and stakeholders. Through a rigorous assessment process, the Board has identified and
determined material issues as key disclosures. The relevant assessment methodology and
results are detailed in the section headed “Stakeholder Communication and Materiality
Assessment”.
Quantitative To ensure the objectivity and comparability of the Report, the Group has commissioned
independent professional advisers to conduct data assessment and established a
comprehensive data collection system to quantitatively record and present ESG key
performance indicators. We also provide historical data for reference to enable
stakeholders to assess the Group’s progress in sustainable development.
Balance The Group upholds the principles of fairness and objectivity in truthfully reporting its
ESG performance. The Report covers both achievements and challenges to ensure that
stakeholders have a comprehensive understanding of the Group’s sustainability status.
Consistency The Group has adopted consistent methodologies for statistics and disclosures to ensure
the comparability of annual data. Any changes will be clearly stated in the Report and,
where appropriate, historical data will be restated.
34 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 37 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
The Group’s greenhouse gas emissions are calculated based • formulating and approving ESG management
on the calculation methodologies and emission factors set approaches, strategies and targets (including climate
out in the section of the Report relating to the environmental change);
performance indicators with reference to the Environmental, • regularly assessing and reviewing ESG-related risks
Social and Governance Reporting Guide and Appendix II: and opportunities (including climate change);
Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs issued by the • monitoring the implementation of ESG policies and
Stock Exchange. The calculation methodologies for Scope 1, the performance in this regard;
Scope 2 and Scope 3 (including sources of activity data and • ensuring the effectiveness of the ESG management
emission factors) are explained in detail in the relevant KPI system; and
disclosures. The Group has also, as encouraged by the Stock • approving the ESG Report.
Exchange, made reference to the climate-related metrics
guidance under the IFRS Sustainability Disclosure Standards. The Board has established an ESG working group to
coordinate the implementation of ESG initiatives by various
Source of Information departments, collect data and carry out relevant work, and
report to the Board on the progress of its work on a regular
The information and data contained in the Report are
basis. The working group maintains close communication
all sourced from the Group’s official documents, records
with various stakeholders to collect feedback and
and statistical materials. The Group has established a
continuously improve the Group’s ESG performance.
sound information management mechanism to ensure the
accuracy and reliability of all reported data. The board
Based on the Code, reporting trends and the materiality
of directors of the Group (the “Board”) reviewed and
assessment arising from stakeholder engagement, the
approved the Report on 27 March 2026.
Board reviews and confirms the priority and management
focus of material ESG issues (including climate change), and
Feedback
incorporates such material issues into the Group’s annual
The Group attaches great importance to the opinions of strategy review and risk assessment process. The Board is
stakeholders and regards them as an important driving force committed to maintaining effective communication with
for continuous improvement. If you have any opinions or the ESG working group, regularly hearing reports from the
enquiries about the contents of the Report or the Group’s ESG working group, and participating in and reviewing,
ESG performance, please feel free to contact us at jennifer. where appropriate, the identification and assessment of
zeng@ajisen.net. ESG-related risks and opportunities (including climate
change). The Board understands that the establishment of
ESG targets contributes to the Group’s ESG governance.
ESG MANAGEMENT
Accordingly, the Board will, where appropriate, formulate
ESG targets (including climate change) relevant to the
The Board is fully responsible for overseeing the management Group’s business, and review and assess the progress of
of ESG matters (including climate change). In response to ESG-related targets (including climate change) on an annual
climate change as a global issue, and as a responsible basis, so as to evaluate the Group’s progress in enhancing
corporate citizen, the Group fully supports this vision and ESG performance and ensure that the Group’s overall
has incorporated climate change-related matters into the strategy remains aligned with its sustainable development
Group’s overall ESG governance framework. The Board objectives.
recognises the importance of ESG to the Group’s corporate
value and long-term sustainable development, and assumes
the following principal responsibilities:
Annual Report 2025 35


===== PAGE 38 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
The Board is responsible for formulating the sustainable maintaining active and constructive communication with
development strategy and direction, approving ESG- management personnel and employees involved in the
related policies and the Report, and implementing Group’s day-to-day operations, the Board is able to identify
policies, collecting data and carrying out relevant work the Group’s material ESG risks and opportunities relating
through the cross-departmental ESG working group. In to emissions, resource consumption, impacts on natural
accordance with relevant government requirements, the resources and climate change, as well as other social aspects
Group has established short-term and long-term sustainable relevant to the Group. As part of this process, the Board
development targets and continues to promote emissions is responsible for identifying and assessing the Group’s
reduction. The Group also regards the globally recognised material ESG risks (including climate change), determining
target of achieving carbon neutrality by 2050 as an the level of such risks and formulating corresponding
important milestone and adopts it as a guiding principle response measures, while the ESG working group and
of its climate strategy. various business units are responsible for implementation
and management of the relevant measures. The Board is also
Looking ahead, the Group will further optimise its ESG responsible for reviewing and monitoring the effectiveness
management structure, formulate specific sustainability of the Group’s ESG risk management and internal control
goals and action plans, actively respond to the expectations systems, and ensuring that the Group has taken reasonable
of stakeholders, and contribute to the achievement of measures to manage material risks. The Group considers
sustainable development. ESG risks to have gradually become an important factor
in its business operations. Accordingly, it has adopted an
Risk and Compliance Management approach of incorporating ESG risks into its regular risk
management process so as to enhance its overall capability
The Group has a well-established risk management and
in risk assessment, prioritisation and management control.
internal control framework, and the Board takes full
responsibility for continuous monitoring and annual review
To strengthen risk management in the ESG area, the
to ensure the effective operation of the system. The audit
Group will continue to optimise the relevant systems and
committee assists the Board in conducting the relevant
fully integrate ESG factors. For details of internal control
review, while management is responsible for implementing
and risk management, please refer to the section headed
appropriate measures to address key operational risks. The
“Corporate Governance Report”.
heads of each operating unit and department carry out risk
identification and mitigation in accordance with internal
As an organisation committed to corporate responsibility,
guidelines. Following a comprehensive review during the
the Group strictly complies with the laws and regulations
Reporting Period, the Board confirmed that the existing risk
of the regions in which it operates. We are well aware that
management and internal control systems were operating
any non-compliance may lead to legal sanctions, regulatory
effectively and adequately.
penalties and reputational damage. Accordingly, we have
established a comprehensive compliance operation system
To achieve business objectives and ensure stable
and internal control mechanism that all employees are
development, the Group identifies and manages ESG risks.
required to strictly adhere to. During the Reporting Period,
We adopt a risk management system under a top-down
the Group did not have any known material ESG breaches
risk management framework. The Board bears overall
and was not involved in any concluded corruption litigation
responsibility for maintaining the Group’s sound ESG
cases.
risk management and internal control systems. Through
exercising oversight over the Group’s management and
36 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 39 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Areas Issues Major laws and regulations (including but not limited to) Compliance
Environmental Emissions Chinese Mainland The Group had no
Wastewater Quality Standards for Discharge to Municipal known relevant material
Sewers (GB/T31962-2015) violations of laws and
Discharge Standards for Water Pollutants for Meat Packing regulations
Industry (GB13457-92)
Environment The Group had no
Emission Standards for Air Pollutants from Boilers
and Natural known relevant material
(DB31/387-2018)
Resources violations of laws and
Integrated Emission Standards for Air Pollutants
regulations
(DB31/933-2015)
Emission Standards for Kitchen Fumes in Catering Industry
(Trial) (GB18483-2001)
Standards for Noise Emission at the Plant Boundary
Environment of the Industrial Enterprises (GB12348-2008)
Social Employment Chinese Mainland The Group had no
and Labour Labour Law of the People’s Republic of China known relevant material
Standards Labour Contract Law of the People’s Republic of China violations of laws and
regulations
Hong Kong, China
Employment Ordinance of Hong Kong Special
Administrative Region
Health and Chinese Mainland The Group had no
Safety Regulation on Work Injury Insurance known relevant material
violations of laws and
Hong Kong, China regulations
Occupational Safety and Health Ordinance
Product Chinese Mainland The Group had no
Responsibility Consumer Protection Law known relevant material
Food Safety Law of the People’s Republic of China violations of laws and
Advertisements Law of the People’s Republic of China regulations
Measures for the Management of Food Business License
Hong Kong, China
Food Safety Ordinance of the Hong Kong Special
Administrative Region
Anti-corruption Chinese Mainland The Group had no
Company Law of the People’s Republic of China known relevant material
Law Against Unfair Competition of the People’s Republic violations of laws and
of China regulations, nor did it
Anti-money Laundering Law of the People’s Republic have any corruption
of China cases filed and
concluded against the
Hong Kong, China Group and its employees
Prevention of Bribery Ordinance
Annual Report 2025 37


===== PAGE 40 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
STAKEHOLDER COMMUNICATION
Customers Meetings, questionnaire surveys,
AND MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT
interviews, phone calls, emails
and social media
The Group recognises the importance of stakeholder
Suppliers and Audits and assessments, site
engagement in its sustainability strategy. We have
business partners visits, meetings
established a comprehensive stakeholder communication
mechanism to maintain regular dialogue with various Community Community activities
stakeholders through diversified channels to actively
understand and respond to their key concerns.
To ensure the effectiveness of its ESG efforts, the
Group engaged an independent adviser to assist with a
Key Major communication
comprehensive materiality assessment during the Reporting
stakeholders methods
Period. During the assessment process, we identified 21 ESG
The Board, Board meetings, internal issues relevant to the Group and conducted questionnaire
management meetings, training, internal surveys with both internal and external stakeholder groups
and staff communications, emails and to determine the materiality of each issue from two
social media dimensions, namely corporate value impact and economic,
environmental and social impact. This will enable us to
Investors and General meetings and events,
shareholders financial reports and
announcements, meetings,
group communications
and websites
11 8
13
10 17
9
12
20
16
21
15 6 19
14 4
5
18
3
7
1
2
38 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited
The
Group’s
impact
on
the
economy,
environment
and
society
High
Tier 1
Tier 2
Tier 3
Low Impact on the Group’s enterprise value High
Environmental Social Governance


===== PAGE 41 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
better understand the views of various stakeholders on ESG issues and comprehensively assess the relevant risks and
opportunities, so as to lay a more solid foundation for the sustainable development of the Group.
Issue Tier Materiality
8 Employment Practices 1
11 Occupational Health and Safety 1
13 Product and Service Quality and Safety 1 Important
10 Training and Development 1
17 Responsible Supply Chain Management 1
3 Waste 2
4 Energy 2
5 Water Resources 2
9 Diversity and Equal Opportunities 2
12 Labour Standards 2
14 Customer Engagement 2
Moderately important
15 Privacy and Data Security 2
16 Responsible Marketing and Labelling 2
18 Community Engagement and Investment 2
19 Business Ethics and Integrity 2
20 Risk Management 2
21 Protection of Intellectual Property Rights 2
1 Exhaust Gas Emissions 3
2 Greenhouse Gas Emissions 3
Others
6 Materials 3
7 Climate Change and Resilience 3
Material Issues Corresponding Section
Employment Practices People-oriented
Occupational Health and Safety People-oriented
Product and Service Quality and Safety Responsible Operations
Training and Development People-oriented
Responsible Supply Chain Management Responsible Operations
Annual Report 2025 39


===== PAGE 42 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION To continuously enhance environmental performance, the
AND SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT Group has established a comprehensive environmental
performance monitoring and disclosure mechanism to
regularly identify opportunities for improvement and
The Group recognises the potential impact of its business
formulate corresponding environmental targets. Detailed
operations on the environment and natural resources,
environmental performance data for the Reporting Period
and is committed to actively reducing its operational
are set out in the appendix headed “Environmental
environmental footprint through the implementation of
Performance”1. We are pleased to report that our “Ajisen
green and low-carbon production and office measures.
Ramen” brand was awarded the honour of “Green
As a responsible corporate citizen, we strictly comply with
Restaurant” by the Shanghai Restaurant Cuisine Association
environmental laws and regulations, comprehensively
in recognition of our continued efforts in environmental
control and prevent the discharge of various pollutants,
protection and low-carbon operations.
and continuously optimise the efficiency of resource
utilisation. With environmental protection as a key
We plan to regularly measure and disclose environmental
focus, the Group has progressively improved its internal
performance in order to identify opportunities for enhancing
management mechanism and established a target-oriented
environmental performance and formulate environmental
environmental management system to effectively reduce
targets. Progress against such targets will be regularly
the environmental impact of its operations. We strictly
disclosed through ESG reports to promote sustainable
comply with relevant laws and regulations, including the
development. For the Group’s environmental performance
Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Prevention
during the Reporting Period, please refer to the appendix
and Control of Atmospheric Pollution, the Law of the
headed “Environmental Performance”.
People’s Republic of China on the Prevention and Control
of Air Pollution by Solid Waste, and the Law of the People’s
Emissions Management
Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of Water
Pollution. For new construction or renovation projects, Air pollutants
we complete the required environmental protection filing
The Group has adopted comprehensive measures to
procedures and update exhaust gas, noise and drainage
manage and reduce air pollutant and greenhouse gas
works. Third-party environmental monitoring is also
emissions arising from its business operations. In respect
conducted for newly opened stores to ensure that emissions
of vehicle management, in order to reduce vehicle exhaust
comply with regulatory requirements. At the same time, we
emissions, we have strengthened vehicle usage standards
have formulated comprehensive environmental protection
and effectively reduced exhaust gas and greenhouse gas
policies requiring all employees to strictly comply with
emissions through measures such as regular maintenance of
them, while actively promoting environmental protection
vehicles, requiring drivers to switch off engines while idling,
concepts to stakeholders to jointly build a sustainable
and optimising travel routes. In respect of cooking fume
future. We have established a systematic environmental
exhaust control, the Group has installed fume purifiers with
assessment mechanism to regularly review the impact of
automatic grease removal functions for range hoods and
material environmental issues and relevant regulations on
also ensures that cooking fume exhaust generated during
our business operations.
baking processes is treated by professional purification
devices. In addition, at the production bases, we use light
diesel oil as boiler fuel to reduce emission intensity.
1 The number of employees and revenue used in intensity data
calculation are consistent with the scope of environmental KPIs.
In addition, as the Group converted certain permanent employees
into outsourced staff during the Reporting Period, such
outsourced staff were not included in the employee headcount
for reporting purposes, resulting in a significant change in the
basis of the denominator. Accordingly, the relevant intensity
data calculated by reference to the number of employees may
not be fully comparable with those of prior periods.
40 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 43 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
In daily operations, the Group actively promotes During the Reporting Period, the Group’s waste management
environmental protection measures, including implementing performance remained stable. The amount of hazardous
paperless office policies, encouraging double-sided printing waste generated was 0.90 (2024: 0.70) tonnes, mainly
and reuse of waste paper, and advocating prudent use comprising heavy metal waste and waste mineral oil. The
of various resources by employees. Furthermore, we also disposal of such hazardous waste strictly complied with the
encourage employees to make full use of communication Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Prevention
systems for business communication so as to reduce and Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Waste,
unnecessary travel arrangements and thereby further reduce and all such waste was entrusted to professionally qualified
the carbon footprint. third-party institutions for harmless treatment. As for non-
hazardous waste, the Group generated a total of 908.68
During the Reporting Period, the Group’s motor vehicle tonnes (2024: 836.52 tonnes), mainly comprising kitchen
transportation activities generated air pollutant emissions, waste, scrap metal, general domestic and production waste,
among which nitrogen oxides, sulphur oxides and respirable and general sludge and other general solid waste. These
suspended particulates amounted to 2,629.02 kg (2024: non-hazardous wastes were all professionally handled by
2,001.88 kg), 1.52 kg (2024: 223.96 kg) and 240.22 kg qualified recyclers to ensure that resources were properly
(2024: 184.33 kg), respectively. Overall, the Group’s air recycled and reused. As production output increased, both
pollutant emissions increased as compared with last year, hazardous and non-hazardous wastes increased during the
mainly due to the increase in natural gas consumption Reporting Period as compared with last year.
resulting from higher production output during the
Reporting Period. Wastewater
The Group is committed to ensuring the sustainable use
Hazardous and non-hazardous waste
of water resources and strictly complies with national
The Group has always been committed to reducing waste standards in wastewater management, including the
generation and enhancing waste management efficiency. Wastewater Quality Standards for Discharge to Municipal
We implement the 4R environmental protection principles Sewers (GB/T31962-2015) and the Discharge Standard of
in our daily operations, including Reduction, Reuse, Water Pollutants for Meat Packing Industry (GB13457-
Replacement and Recycling. All waste is collected and 92). In daily life, we advocate water conservation and
disposed of in strict compliance with relevant laws and avoid unnecessary wastage of water resources. We have
regulations. To further put environmental protection also adopted self-owned wastewater treatment facilities
concepts into practice, our production bases actively explore to conduct preliminary treatment of various types of
waste recycling and secondary utilisation of waste. Waste operational wastewater, including raw material washing
oil is properly handled by qualified recyclers and converted water, filter-press water, equipment cleaning water and
into renewable energy; waste paper is sent directly to paper floor cleaning water. After treatment to the required
mills for the production of recycled paper; beverage bottles, standard, such wastewater is discharged together with
cans, plastics and other items are sent to relevant factories domestic sewage into the municipal water pipeline network
for conversion into recyclable resources; and electrical for further treatment. According to statistics, the Group’s
kitchen equipment is sent to specialised manufacturers total wastewater discharge during the Reporting Period
for dismantling and recycling, so as to enhance the reuse amounted to 96,203.90 tonnes (2024: 35,278.00 tonnes).
rate of resources. Due to changes in production processes and increased
output, the Group’s water consumption and corresponding
wastewater discharge during the production process
increased significantly as compared with the corresponding
period of last year. However, the Group has ensured that
the relevant wastewater has been properly treated.
Annual Report 2025 41


===== PAGE 44 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Target setting will formulate clearer quantitative environmental targets so
as to foster environmental protection and cherish natural
In the long run, the Group will continue to regularly
resources.
strengthen its environmental management strategies by
monitoring and minimising the environmental impacts
The Group has formulated environmental targets for waste
brought about by its business operations. Accordingly,
generation and the progress as at the end of the Reporting
we have set absolute management and control targets for
Period is as follows:
reducing emissions and waste generation. In the future, we
2025 VS
Environmental KPIs Target 2024 (base year) Status
Emissions To maintain or reduce total emissions using Increased by 19% In progress
2024 as the base year
Waste To maintain or reduce non-hazardous waste Increased by 9% In progress
generation using 2024 as the base year
Use of Resources Energy
The Group places great emphasis on the efficient use In terms of energy management, the Group is committed
of resources and is committed to reducing waste so as to improving energy efficiency by adopting energy-
to minimise the environmental impact of its operations. saving technologies, optimising energy use in operations
We have formulated comprehensive environmental and continuously monitoring consumption. During the
protection measures that all employees are required to Reporting Period, the Group’s total energy consumption
strictly comply with, so as to ensure the reasonable and amounted to 64,271.84 MWh (2024: 25,853.23 MWh), and
efficient use of resources at each operating site. For specific energy consumption intensity was 10.66 MWh (2024: 3.31
measures, please refer to the section headed “Emissions MWh) per employee. Our energy mix includes direct energy
Management”. (natural gas, diesel and town gas) and indirect energy
(purchased electricity). As production output increased
The Group strictly complies with the Environmental during the Reporting Period, energy consumption for
Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China, the production increased significantly. In addition, electricity
Energy Conservation Law of the People’s Republic of consumption data for the Hong Kong office had not been
China and other relevant national and local laws and included in the previous year, whereas the relevant data
regulations applicable to the places where its operating collection was completed during the Reporting Period.
units are located. During the course of operations, the Accordingly, the Group’s total energy consumption during
Group continuously improves the efficiency of the use of the Reporting Period increased as compared with the
resources such as energy, water resources and packaging corresponding period of last year. For detailed data, please
materials, reduces unnecessary waste of resources, and refer to the table headed “Environmental Performance” in
minimises environmental impact to the greatest extent the appendix to the Report.
possible.
To comprehensively strengthen energy management, the
Group actively explores the use of energy-saving equipment
and standardises the configuration and layout of store
equipment.
42 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 45 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Equipment Improvement data collection was completed during the Reporting Period,
• Use LED lighting, high-efficiency equipment, water consumption during the Reporting Period increased
compressor heat recovery systems and insulation as compared with the corresponding period of last year.
facilities (extruded boards, glass and partitions); The Group continues to promote the concept of water
• Cold rooms are equipped with automatic door closing conservation and enhances employees’ awareness of water
devices and insulated curtains to reduce the loss of saving through green office policies, including reminding
cold air; employees to turn off taps promptly and regularly inspecting
• Energy-saving transformation has been carried out on and maintaining water facilities. The Group is also committed
ovens by installing energy-saving covers to recover to further improving water-use efficiency and ensuring the
residual heat. sustainable use of water resources by strengthening water
resources management and formulating relevant measures.
Configuration and Layout During the Reporting Period, the Group did not encounter
• Use timer switches to control the use of store any issue in sourcing water that was fit for purpose.
signboards and ensure that they are switched
off during non-business hours to reduce power Packaging materials
consumption;
In respect of the use of packaging materials, the Group
• Configure energy-saving lighting according to the
is committed to the efficient use of raw materials and
actual operational requirements of different areas
packaging materials by reducing waste, improving
within stores and install switches by area to reduce
recyclability and, where practicable, prioritising the use
electricity consumption during store cleaning and
of materials with lower environmental impact. During
other processes;
the Reporting Period, the Group used a total of 2,044.12
• Optimise store exhaust layout and duct arrangement
tonnes (2024: 1,803.00 tonnes2) of packaging materials
through professional store ventilation design, and
in its production and packaged noodle process, and
adopt low-power, high-air-volume exhaust equipment
packaging material intensity amounted to 1.12 tonnes
to reduce power consumption while reducing noise
(2024: 1.05 tonnes2) per RMB million of revenue. Our
generation.
packaging materials mainly include plastic bags, cartons,
tableware, takeaway bags and beverage cups and other
Water resources
necessary supplies. Due to increased production output
In respect of water resources management, the Group’s and packaging upgrades during the Reporting Period, the
business operations require a substantial amount of water, weight of packaging materials increased accordingly.
which is mainly sourced from municipal water supply and is
stable and sufficient. The Group is committed to conserving The Group is fully aware of the impact of its business
water through responsible water use, waste reduction and activities on the environment and natural resources and
regular monitoring so as to improve operational water-use therefore actively promotes a green and low-carbon
efficiency. To improve water efficiency, we have equipped development strategy. We regularly review and update
workshops at the production bases with advanced cooling environmental protection technologies and equipment and
water recycling systems to enable the recycling of water continuously improve emissions management and resource-
used for product cooling. During the Reporting Period, the use efficiency. Based on the results of environmental
Group’s total water consumption amounted to 166,373.37 assessments, the Group is committed to exploring and
m3 (2024: 130,612.00 m3), and water consumption intensity implementing innovative environmental protection measures
was 27.59 m3 (2024: 16.74 m3) per employee. On the to strike a balance between economic development and
one hand, production water consumption increased due environmental protection.
to changes in production processes. On the other hand,
as water consumption data for the Hong Kong office had
not been collected in the previous year but the relevant
2 The Group has revisited and revised the data for 2024.
Annual Report 2025 43


===== PAGE 46 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
In the area of sustainable tableware and packaging, the Target setting
Group strengthens source management and gives priority
In addition, the Group advocates energy conservation and
to environmentally friendly and degradable raw materials
resource saving, and is committed to achieving sustainable
in order to reduce the environmental impact of plastic
operations in compliance with the emission requirements
products. At the same time, we actively respond to the call
of local authorities. To this end, we have set preliminary
to “reduce waste and plastics” and work with suppliers to
control targets on an absolute basis in respect of energy-
explore environmentally friendly designs, striving to provide
use efficiency so as to better carry out energy-saving
customers with 100% degradable tableware and packaging.
efforts. In the future, we will formulate clearer quantitative
We also optimise resource recycling and reuse initiatives,
environmental targets so as to foster environmental
increase the proportion of environmentally friendly products
protection and cherish natural resources. The environmental
used and actively participate in environmental protection
targets set by the Company and the steps taken to achieve
activities. In addition, by strengthening cooperation with
energy saving, together with the progress as at the end of
various stakeholders, the Group promotes green supply
the Reporting Period, are as follows:
chain management, provides customers with more
environmentally friendly products and services, and fully
fulfils its corporate social responsibility in sustainable
development.
2025 VS
Environmental KPIs Target 2024 (base year) Status
Energy consumption To maintain or reduce electricity consumption Increased by 15% In progress
using 2024 as the base year
Water consumption To maintain or reduce water consumption N/A In progress
using 2025 as the base year
Climate Change As a responsible corporate citizen, the Group places great
importance on climate-related issues. We are committed
Climate change has become one of the most influential
to promoting low-carbon operations, optimising our
challenges globally and is reshaping economies and
supply chain and business processes, and reducing our
societies around the world. Chinese mainland continues
environmental footprint. Through the adoption of energy-
to advance its green transformation by setting clear
saving technologies, improvement in resource efficiency
targets for energy conservation and emissions reduction
and introduction of more healthy dining options, the Group
and steadily progressing towards its carbon peaking and
aligns with the policy directions of Mainland China and Hong
carbon neutrality goals. At the same time, Hong Kong has
Kong and demonstrates our commitment to sustainable
also introduced the Climate Action Plan 2050 to strengthen
development. We believe that a sound low-carbon strategy
decarbonisation measures and optimise its energy mix in
can not only enhance corporate resilience, but also create
support of international commitments.
long-term value for investors and stakeholders.
44 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 47 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Governance Through structured self-assessments and discussions
at regular meetings, the Board periodically reviews its
The Board bears ultimate oversight responsibility for
knowledge needs in order to assess whether it possesses,
the Group’s climate strategy, climate-related risks and
at the overall level, the appropriate skills and competencies
opportunities, and the achievement of climate-related targets.
to oversee climate-related risks and opportunities. Such
Insights gained from the assessment are incorporated by the
reviews enable the Board and senior management to
Board into its processes for overseeing the Group’s overall
identify areas in which additional climate-related expertise
strategy, assessing significant transactions and reviewing
is required. Where capability gaps are identified, the Group
the risk management framework. This process takes into
will arrange external briefings, industry updates or targeted
account the trade-offs among different climate-related risks
ESG-related training for Directors and senior management
and opportunities in support of balanced decision-making.
to ensure continued alignment with evolving regulatory
requirements and climate-related developments.
The Board is responsible for providing guidance on, reviewing
and overseeing climate-related matters. Under the Board’s
The Group believes that linking climate performance to
governance structure, the Group has established an ESG
senior management remuneration would help strengthen
working group, which is responsible for implementing
climate governance and enhance corporate resilience,
climate- and energy-related measures, coordinating cross-
while also serving as an important driver for long-term
departmental ESG work, and reporting progress to the Board
value creation. At the current stage, climate-related
on a regular basis. The working group and its core members
considerations have not yet been formally incorporated
are responsible for operational oversight, risk management
into the Group’s remuneration policy. Going forward, we
and internal control, and integrate climate considerations
will assess the feasibility of incorporating climate-related
into their respective functions and responsibilities. The ESG
indicators into the remuneration framework to ensure
working group also maintains close communication with
that management decision-making more fully integrates
stakeholders, gathers feedback and continuously improves
sustainable development objectives.
the Group’s ESG performance. This governance structure
not only strengthens effective communication between the
Strategy
decision-making and execution levels, but also facilitates
the integration of low-carbon operating strategies into daily In response to the challenges and opportunities brought
business activities. The Board receives regular reports from about by climate change, the Group adopts a proactive
the ESG working group and participates in the identification approach, continuously deepens its research into climate
and assessment of climate-related risks and opportunities, risks relevant to the industry, and formulates corresponding
while reviewing and monitoring progress against annual response strategies on that basis. We have established a
climate targets to ensure alignment with the Group’s overall systematic risk management framework and utilise scenario
strategy and sustainable development objectives. The Group analysis tools to assess the performance of operating assets
has incorporated climate change-related governance into and business activities under different carbon emission
its ESG governance framework. Further details of the pathways, including low-carbon and high-carbon scenarios,
governance structure are set out in the section headed so as to identify potential threats early and capture
“ESG Management” of the Report. opportunities arising from the green transition.
Annual Report 2025 45


===== PAGE 48 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
The Group’s climate strategy is aligned with the International During the Reporting Period, the Company completed
Sustainability Standards Board (“ISSB”) IFRS S2 Climate- preliminary studies on its principal operating sites and core
related Disclosures, which enables us to analyse potential businesses, and will progressively explore the feasibility of
future global climate trends, identify risks and opportunities, expanding the scope of assessment to cover additional
and assess the Group’s climate resilience under different assets and business segments. At the same time, to assess
scenarios. To strengthen resilience to climate risks and and respond to financial impacts across the upstream and
capture climate-related opportunities, the Group has downstream supply chain, we will continue to strengthen
completed climate risk assessments and scenario analyses communication and collaboration with our partners,
to review the potential impacts of climate change on its encourage suppliers to establish climate risk assessment and
operations and value chain in the short term (2025-2026), monitoring systems, and progressively expand assessment
medium term (2027–2030) and long term (2031–2050). coverage. The scenario analysis covers the long-term period
To enable more targeted assessments, the Group adopted from 2025 to 2050. Both sets of scenarios are based on
two sharply contrasting climate scenarios for each risk publicly available frameworks issued by internationally
category. This approach enables us to assess the resilience authoritative institutions, including the Intergovernmental
and stability of our business model and value chain under Panel on Climate Change (“IPCC”) and the Network
different possible future conditions. for Greening the Financial System (“NGFS”). The Group
adopted the IPCC’s SSP1-2.6 and SSP5-8.5 scenarios, as
well as the NGFS’s Net Zero 2050 and Current Policies
pathways, to assess the resilience of its businesses under
different climate scenarios.
Scenario Description
Decarbonisation IPCC SSP1-2.6 Governments, industries and institutions around the world drive fundamental
scenario changes in production and consumption patterns through legislation, global
(temperature carbon taxes and other measures, thereby achieving substantial reductions in
increase greenhouse gas emissions. Global warming can ultimately be limited to within
controlled at 1.5°C.
1.5°C to 2°C NGFS Net Zero This scenario simulates a rapid decarbonisation pathway adopted by the
by 2100) 2050 international community to achieve the goal of limiting global warming to no
more than 1.5°C, and projects that the global energy system will achieve net
zero emissions by 2050.
High-temperature IPCC SSP5-8.5 Governments, industries and institutions fail to adopt sufficient and effective
scenario policies and measures to curb the continued rise in greenhouse gas emissions,
(temperature resulting in an increase in global average temperature of 4°C or above by 2100.
increase of 3°C NGFS Current This scenario reflects only currently implemented or legislated climate policies,
to above 5°C Policies without any new major commitments. Global temperatures are projected to
by 2100) rise by approximately 2.7°C by 2100. This scenario is characterised by slow
decarbonisation, continued dominance of fossil fuels and heightened transition
risks, such as policy gaps and stranded assets.
46 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 49 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Although the Group’s short-, medium- and long-term time to assess how these time horizons can progressively be
horizons have not yet been formally integrated into its aligned with our business planning and capital allocation
internal strategic planning cycle, we use them as reference processes. A major source of such uncertainty lies in
time frames for strategic planning to guide our ongoing the reliance on climate models, which require multiple
climate-related assessments. As the Group’s capabilities in assumptions regarding the frequency, intensity and
climate-related areas continue to improve, we will continue geographical distribution of climate events in order to
project future conditions.
Impact Level
Description of and Time Financial
Risk/Opportunity Horizon Impact Pathway Impact Countermeasures
Physical Risks
Acute physical risk • Medium • Business model: temporary • Potential • Prepare emergency
• Increased • Short to store closures, reduced short-term plans for extreme
likelihood medium customer traffic, increased revenue weather
of extreme term energy and repair costs decline due • Establish inventory
weather for cold chain and air- to operational reserves for raw
events such conditioning disruption materials and finished
as typhoons, • Value chain: disruption to • Increased goods;
rainstorms and production base operations, operating • Flexibly adjust logistics
floods logistics delays or costs for routes and operating
interruptions, and increased repairs, hours
risk of food spoilage energy and • Regularly arrange
emergency emergency response
logistics and safety training for
• Increased employees
inventory
losses leading
to a decline
in revenue
Chronic • Medium • Business model: sustained • Long-term • Include investment in
physical risk • Long term increase in electricity upward high-efficiency energy-
• Long-term costs for cold chain and pressure on saving equipment,
increase air-conditioning, with operating such as HVAC and
in average high-temperature working expenses cold chain systems,
temperature environments affecting staff • Increased in operational
and sea level efficiency and health capital considerations
rise • Value chain: increased expenditure • Strengthen monitoring
procurement costs in on energy- of energy consumption
certain ingredient-producing efficient • Conduct long-
regions and continued equipment term climate risk
increases in cold chain and insulation assessments and
logistics energy costs upgrades incorporate findings
into supply chain and
capital expenditure
planning
Annual Report 2025 47


===== PAGE 50 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Impact Level
Description of and Time Financial
Risk/Opportunity Horizon Impact Pathway Impact Countermeasures
Transition Risks
Policy and • Medium • Business model: increased • Increased • Strengthen compliance
regulation • Short to compliance and resource operating monitoring
• More stringent medium management costs; tighter costs • Enhance compliance
energy/ term regulation over resource use • Increased systems;
environmental • Value chain: non-compliant capital • Promote paperless
requirements suppliers may affect the expenditure office operations
stability of raw material on monitoring • Strengthen emissions
procurement; stores may equipment management
need to comply with local and
environmental regulations, compliance
increasing management systems
burden
Market • Low • Business model: demand • Revenue • Develop plant-based
• Rising demand • Medium to for traditional products may may decline or low-carbon product
for healthy/ long term decline; product transition if market lines
low-carbon may be required, increasing demand is • Adjust menu mix
diets R&D and marketing costs; not met • Strengthen green
fluctuations in raw material • Increased supply cooperation
prices may affect pricing R&D and • Formulate long-term
and profitability marketing procurement strategies
• Value chain: new costs to stabilise costs
product lines may require • Fluctuations
adjustments to procurement in ingredient
and logistics arrangements; and logistics
suppliers need to support costs may
the provision of low-carbon compress
or plant-based ingredients; gross profit
logistics costs may rise due margin
to temperature control and
traceability requirements
Technology • Medium • Business model: upgrading • Increased • Invest in high-
• Need for • Short to cold chain and kitchen capital efficiency energy-
renewable medium systems leads to increased expenditure saving equipment,
energy and term capital expenditure; initial • Higher such as HVAC and
high-efficiency investment in energy-saving depreciation cold chain systems
equipment equipment is relatively high charges • Implement energy
• Value chain: logistics • Short-term management systems
partners need temperature increase in • Prioritise equipment
control and tracking operating and logistics suppliers
capabilities to meet costs due to with low-carbon
cold chain management technology technology capabilities
requirements adoption
48 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 51 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Impact Level
Description of and Time Financial
Risk/Opportunity Horizon Impact Pathway Impact Countermeasures
Reputation • Low • Business model: ESG • Fluctuations • Improve transparency
• Increased • Medium to performance and brand in brand of ESG disclosures
investor long term image may affect consumer value may • Formulate and disclose
attention to choices and financing terms lead to a carbon reduction
corporate ESG • Value chain: suppliers’ ESG decline in and sustainable
performance performance may indirectly customer procurement targets
affect corporate compliance traffic, • Strengthen supplier
and brand risks thereby ESG management
reducing mechanisms
revenue
• Financing
costs may
increase as
a result of
fluctuations in
brand value
• Indirect
impact on
revenue and
gross profit
margin
Opportunities
Resource • Medium • Business model: reduced • Lower • Upgrade high-
efficiency • Short to energy and operating costs, management efficiency energy-
• Energy-saving medium reduced material losses costs saving equipment,
systems, energy term and improved operating • Improved such as HVAC and
management, efficiency gross profit cold chain systems
waste • Value chain: suppliers’ margin • Implement energy
reduction and coordinated waste • Lower long- monitoring
water saving reduction can optimise term energy • Promote packaging
packaging costs; logistics costs reduction and logistics
optimisation can reduce optimisation across the
transportation losses supply chain
Annual Report 2025 49


===== PAGE 52 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Impact Level
Description of and Time Financial
Risk/Opportunity Horizon Impact Pathway Impact Countermeasures
Energy source • Medium • Business model: reduced • Lower long- • Increase the use of
• Renewable • Medium to Scope 2 carbon emissions, term energy renewable energy
energy, solar long term lower long-term energy costs • Conduct feasibility
energy and costs and improved • Possible studies on solar
clean fuels regulatory readiness reduction applications
• Value chain: logistics in financing • Prioritise logistics
partners using clean costs partners using clean
fuels can reduce carbon • Enhanced fuels
footprint; suppliers using brand image
renewable energy can may drive
improve supply chain customer
sustainability traffic,
thereby
increasing
revenue
Products and • Medium • Business model: expansion • Revenue • Develop plant-based
services • Short to into new markets, growth from or low-carbon product
• Supply of medium enhanced customer new product lines
low-carbon term preference and improved lines • Introduce sustainable
products brand image through • Enhanced packaging
sustainable packaging brand • Strengthen
• Value chain: sustainable premium cooperation with
raw material suppliers capability may sustainable raw
ensure product quality; help improve material suppliers
sustainable packaging gross profit
supply chains support brand margin
commitments
50 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 53 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Impact Level
Description of and Time Financial
Risk/Opportunity Horizon Impact Pathway Impact Countermeasures
Market • Medium • Business model: market • Increase in • Formulate and disclose
• Rising demand • Short to expansion, strengthened market share, carbon reduction
for low-carbon medium carbon competitiveness thereby targets
products term and enhanced brand driving • Promote supply chain
competitiveness through revenue collaboration in
ESG image growth developing low-carbon
• Value chain: sustainable • Enhanced products
supply chain operations brand • Strengthen ESG brand
support market circulation; premium communication
supply chain collaboration capability
in low-carbon product • Improved
development enhances financing
competitiveness conditions
may help
reduce
borrowing
rates and
financing
costs, thereby
lowering
finance costs
Resilience • Medium • Business model: improved • Mitigation • Establish a diversified
• Enhanced • Short to long-term operational of revenue supplier network
supply chain medium stability; diversified supply volatility • Optimise multi-route
and facility term chains reduce risks caused by logistics delivery
resilience • Value chain: reduced risk supply chain • Strengthen regional
of operational interruption; disruptions inventory monitoring
multi-route logistics • Possible and backup
supports product delivery decrease in mechanisms
insurance
costs
• Potential
reduction in
additional
expenses for
emergency
repairs,
shutdown
clean-up
and related
measures
Annual Report 2025 51


===== PAGE 54 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
At the current stage, due to the limited availability of and the supply chain, particularly in coastal and South
reasonable and supportable forward-looking data, as well China regions. Regardless of which climate pathway the
as the measurement uncertainty involved in assessing world follows, the Group must continue to strengthen
the financial effects, the Group has not yet provided the resilience of cold chain and warehousing facilities,
quantitative disclosure of the financial effects arising from enhance supply chain flexibility, improve energy efficiency
climate-related risks and opportunities. and equipment performance, and reinforce its ability to
respond to extreme weather. These measures are critical
Under the decarbonisation scenario, as global climate action to maintaining business continuity and achieving long-term
accelerates, carbon prices are expected to rise and more sustainable operations.
stringent energy efficiency and disclosure requirements
are imposed, the Group faces greater transition pressure. The Group has not yet established a formal climate-
These scenarios require further strengthening of energy related transition plan. At the current stage, the Group
management, upgrading equipment at stores and continues to monitor updates in regulatory policies, market
production bases, and stronger collaboration with suppliers expectations and industry practices, and will progressively
to promote low-carbon procurement. Although capital refine its management arrangements relating to low-carbon
expenditure may increase in the short term, physical climate operations and resource efficiency where appropriate and
risks are relatively lower, with fewer operational disruptions practicable. Given that climate-related data, particularly
caused by extreme weather and more predictable operating data relating to the value chain, are still being progressively
conditions. Over the long term, such investments help enhanced, and that the relevant methodologies and internal
reduce operating costs, strengthen the Group’s low-carbon management mechanisms require further development,
operating model, and enhance overall business resilience the Board considers that the formulation of a specific and
and brand competitiveness. systematic climate transition plan should be approached
with due caution at this stage. Going forward, the Board
By contrast, under the high-temperature scenario, due will continue to review the Group’s business development,
to insufficient global mitigation action, temperatures rise climate-related regulatory requirements and data maturity,
significantly and the frequency and severity of extreme and will assess, at an appropriate time, the feasibility of
weather events increase. Such scenarios pose significant further refining and formulating a climate transition plan
physical risks to the Group’s restaurant operations, to support the Group’s long-term sustainable development.
production bases, warehousing facilities, cold chain
transportation and supply chain. More frequent typhoons, To fulfil our corporate social responsibility, we actively
rainstorms, floods and heatwaves may lead to temporary implement comprehensive environmental protection
store closures, logistics delays, increased cold chain energy strategies, including systematic greenhouse gas reduction
consumption and higher risks of food spoilage. Warehousing plans, application of innovative energy-saving technologies,
and temperature-controlled facilities would need to bear and robust resource management systems. By optimising
greater operating burdens, while fluctuations in agricultural production processes and improving energy efficiency, the
supply may also drive up ingredient costs. Under such Group is committed to reducing the carbon footprint of
scenarios, transition pressures would increase more slowly, its operations. At the same time, we have established a
but physical disruption becomes the main challenge. Priority sound waste management system to ensure that resources
should therefore be given to strengthening climate-resilient are recycled and reused to the greatest extent possible.
infrastructure, enhancing emergency response capabilities, For specific measures, please refer to the section headed
improving cold chain reliability and promoting supplier “Environmental Protection and Sustainable Development”
diversification to reduce reliance on climate-sensitive of the Report.
regions.
Risk management
Taken together, across the four climate scenarios, lower-
Climate-related risks and opportunities have been fully
temperature scenarios subject the Group to higher policy
integrated into the Group’s risk management framework,
and transition requirements, while higher-temperature
with the core objective of enhancing operational resilience
scenarios create greater physical impacts on operations
and maintaining competitiveness amid evolving climate
challenges.
52 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 55 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
The Group allocates resources for climate-related prioritising and monitoring climate-related risks. The Group
risk management through its existing management will continue to optimise its process framework as climate-
and operational functions. Relevant responsibilities related data accumulates, regulatory guidance improves and
are incorporated into the day-to-day duties of senior professional management tools evolve, in order to enhance
management and department heads, with resources the granularity and effectiveness of risk management.
supported through the regular budgets for ESG-related
activities, such as data collection, employee training The Group formulates a corporate risk management plan
and operational improvements. The Group will continue each year, into which climate-related risks are incorporated,
to allocate resources to climate-related measures on a updates its risk register, and regularly reviews and
proportionate basis according to its business scale and optimises management strategies. At the same time, we
operational needs, and will dynamically assess the need actively engage with internal and external stakeholders to
for additional resource allocation as regulatory expectations incorporate diverse perspectives and ensure that climate-
rise and climate-related risks evolve. related management strategies are closely aligned with the
Group’s overall business development priorities and emission
Climate-related risks are prioritised using the same reduction targets. Specific measures, performance data and
qualitative considerations as those applied under the long-term response planning for climate risk management
Group’s broader risk management framework. Risks with have been disclosed in the sections headed “Environmental
potentially greater operational, financial or compliance Protection and Sustainable Development” and “Appendix
impacts are assigned higher monitoring and management – Environmental Performance” of this Report.
priority, thereby ensuring consistency with the Group’s
overall risk prioritisation approach. Compared with the On this basis, the table below summarises the principal
previous reporting period, there were no material changes processes and measures adopted by the Group in managing
in the Group’s processes for identifying, assessing, climate-related risks.
Process Climate-related Risk Management Measures
Identification of climate 1. Track the latest climate-related policy and regulatory developments in Chinese Mainland
risks and opportunities and Hong Kong.
2. Monitor extreme weather patterns, such as heatwaves and typhoons, and their potential
impacts on restaurant operations and cold chain logistics.
3. Collect feedback from franchisees, suppliers and customers to understand climate-related
operational challenges.
4. Conduct cross-departmental reviews across operations, supply chain and ESG functions
to ensure pragmatic and forward-looking identification of risks and opportunities.
Risk assessment and 1. Use climate scenario analysis to assess the impacts on production bases, cold chain systems
quantification and store operations under different scenarios.
2. Where practicable, focus on trend analysis of operational and financial indicators such as
energy costs, food spoilage rates and supply chain disruptions.
3. Benchmark against practices in the catering and retail industries to validate the reasonableness
of assumptions.
4. Improve parameter setting and assessment accuracy through cross-departmental
collaboration.
Risk response measures 1. Develop operating contingency standards for extreme weather, such as backup power and
raw material reserves.
2. Upgrade energy systems and refrigeration equipment to improve efficiency and resilience.
3. Adopt diversified supply chain and logistics cooperation to reduce single-source risks.
4. Regularly review and dynamically adjust relevant measures to ensure continued effectiveness.
Annual Report 2025 53


===== PAGE 56 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
At the present stage, due to the limited availability of were not currently available and could not be quantified.
reasonable and supportable forward-looking data and the Specifically, during the Reporting Period, we preliminarily
high degree of measurement uncertainty, the Group is disclosed Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions for four
not yet able to provide reliable quantitative forecasts of categories, namely purchased goods and services, waste
the effects of climate-related risks and opportunities on generated in operations, business travel and employee
its future financial position and cash flows. The Group commuting. As the data collection process had not yet
currently has no capital deployment or divestment plans been implemented for the corresponding period in 2024,
specifically driven by climate-related considerations. Any a year-on-year comparison is not available. As a complete
future climate-related capital expenditure will be assessed mechanism for the quantification and disclosure of Scope
based on operational needs, business rationale and evolving 3 emissions has not yet been established, the Scope 3
regulatory requirements. The Group has also not established data disclosed for the Reporting Period did not cover the
any climate-specific financing strategy at this stage. Where Group’s operations in Hong Kong and only included offices
necessary, climate-related measures will continue to be in Chinese Mainland and operations at production bases in
supported through the existing operating budget, and the Shanghai, Chengdu, Tianjin, Wuhan and Dongguan, with a
Group will assess additional funding needs as climate- focus on categories that have a relatively more significant
related requirements or strategic priorities evolve. Although impact on the Group’s business and emissions. The Group
the financial effects of individual climate-related items will further improve its data collection mechanism and
cannot yet be separately quantified, the Group expects consider more comprehensive measurement and disclosure
that the combined financial effects of climate-related risks, where data become available.
mainly associated with extreme weather events, energy
price volatility and supply chain disruptions, are most likely During the Reporting Period, the Group’s total Scope
to affect operating costs, cost of sales and gross profit 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions amounted to
margins in future periods. Given the Group’s business scale 14,091.28 tonnes (2024: 14,726.64 tonnes) of carbon
and level of risk exposure, such effects are not expected to dioxide equivalent, and the intensity of Scope 1 and
be material in the short term. Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions was 2.34 kg (2024:
1.89 kg) of carbon dioxide equivalent per employee.
Metrics and targets During the Reporting Period, the Group optimised the
management of its logistics fleet, which led to a reduction
The Group discloses Scope 1, Scope 2 and relevant Scope 3
in fuel consumption by the Hong Kong logistics fleet
greenhouse gas emissions data for its principal operations
and a corresponding decrease in Scope 1 greenhouse
in Mainland China and Hong Kong, including carbon
gas emissions. On the other hand, compared with the
dioxide, methane and nitrous oxide. In general, we adopt
corresponding period of last year, Scope 2 greenhouse
the operational control approach in setting the reporting
gas emissions during the Reporting Period newly included
boundary, unless otherwise stated. The reporting boundary
greenhouse gas emissions from purchased electricity in the
for greenhouse gas data is generally consistent with the
Group’s Hong Kong operations, resulting in a corresponding
reporting scope of the Report. Please refer to “About the
increase in Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions. During the
Report – Reporting Scope” of the Report for details.
Reporting Period, the Group’s total Scope 3 greenhouse gas
emissions amounted to 3,798.60 tonnes of carbon dioxide
The Group measures its greenhouse gas emissions in
equivalent, while the total Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3
accordance with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate
greenhouse gas emissions amounted to 17,889.88 tonnes
Accounting and Reporting Standard (2004). In addition, we
of carbon dioxide equivalent. For detailed greenhouse
have for the first time made reference to the Greenhouse
gas emissions data, please refer to the section headed
Gas Protocol Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting
“Appendix – Environmental Performance” of the Report.
and Reporting Standard (2011) to identify our Scope 3
greenhouse gas emissions across the 15 Scope 3 categories.
During the Reporting Period, the Group did not incur
During the Reporting Period, we identified and for the
any material capital expenditure, financing or investment
first time disclosed four Scope 3 categories relevant to our
specifically for addressing climate-related risks or capturing
business. The other categories were excluded either because
climate-related opportunities. Climate-related measures
they were not relevant to our business or because the data
54 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 57 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
are currently implemented through the existing operating international climate agreements, including the emission
budget. The Group will continue to monitor its exposure reduction pathways referred to by the Intergovernmental
to climate-related risks and may allocate dedicated capital Panel on Climate Change (IPCC).
resources as needed where climate-related projects become
necessary or align with operational development needs. At the current stage, the Group has formulated quantified
emissions baselines and transitional decarbonisation
The Group’s climate-related targets for the short to medium milestones based on operational realities. The formulation
term are set out in the table below and in the sections of a more detailed carbon neutrality roadmap in the future
headed “Emissions Management” and “Use of Resources” will depend on improvements in data availability, evolving
of this Report. The Group’s long-term climate-related targets regulatory requirements and the continued enhancement
are formulated with reference to the Paris Agreement, of the Group’s climate-related measurement capabilities.
China’s dual carbon goals (30·60) and Hong Kong’s Climate The carbon neutrality target established this time has not
Action Plan 2050. The Group has established a long-term been formulated based on an industry decarbonisation
vision of achieving carbon neutrality by 2050. This target methodology, and the Group currently does not intend to
provides a core directional guide for the Group’s continued rely on carbon credits to achieve its emissions reduction
climate-related actions and also takes into account the targets. If, following future assessment, the Group considers
global temperature control targets set out in the latest the use of carbon credits, it will make timely disclosure of
the relevant certification schemes and applicable standards.
2025 VS
Environmental KPIs Target 2024 (base year) Status
Total greenhouse gas To reduce total greenhouse gas emissions of Decreased by 4% In progress
emissions of Scope 1 Scope 1 and Scope 2 by 5% by 2030
and Scope 2 using 2024 as the base year
As the Group has not yet established a complete mechanism energy management efficiency at stores. At the same time,
for quantifying and disclosing Scope 3 emissions, the Scope the Group also plans to progressively increase the use
3 data disclosed during the Reporting Period are not yet fully of green energy where feasible and enhance the climate
complete, and quantitative targets for Scope 3 greenhouse resilience of relevant assets, including major production
gas emissions have not yet been set. Nevertheless, the Group bases and key stores.
has established preliminary directional targets for its Scope
3 greenhouse gas emissions and is committed to playing a Taking into account the business nature of the Group’s
guiding role by continuously strengthening decarbonisation catering operations and the characteristics of its asset
across its value chain through green travel initiatives, the footprint, the Group’s overall climate-related risk exposure
use of renewable packaging materials and raw materials, remains at a controllable level. Core operating assets have
optimisation of transport routes, reduction of road freight all been incorporated into the climate risk assessment
and vehicle energy transition. Going forward, the Group will system, and resilience-building has been strengthened for
further improve its data collection mechanism and consider medium- to high-risk assets. In addition, as the regulatory
more comprehensive measurement and disclosure where environment and business operations continue to evolve,
data become available. For targets and progress relating the Group will dynamically assess the level of climate-
to environmental KPIs other than greenhouse gases, please related risk exposure and continue to explore climate-
refer to the section headed “Environmental Protection and related opportunities that align with its business, integrating
Sustainable Development” of the Report. green development concepts into the entire process of
business upgrading. During this process, we will also
We will improve energy efficiency through equipment continue to refine our metrics system, closely monitor policy
upgrades, process optimisation and enhanced cold chain developments and seek expert advice in support of the
operating efficiency, while also promoting green operational Group’s long-term sustainable growth.
measures, including sustainable packaging and improved Annual Report 2025 55


===== PAGE 58 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
PEOPLE-ORIENTED Compensation and other welfare and benefits
The Group has established a comprehensive and competitive
Employment Management
remuneration system, aiming to enhance employees’
As a responsible employer, the Group has always adhered motivation and maintain a competitive edge in the market.
to a people-oriented philosophy and attached great We regularly review and adjust the Office Operating
importance to safeguarding employees’ welfare and rights. Salary Structure in accordance with the Group’s operating
We have established a sound employment management conditions, market salary levels, industry standards and
system, including the Human Resources Policy, the relevant government guidelines. Employees’ remuneration
Employee Handbook and other core policy documents. packages, including basic salary, year-end bonuses and
While complying with relevant laws and regulations such other benefits, are adjusted accordingly based on the results
as the Labour Law of the People’s Republic of China and of performance appraisals. In addition, the Group provides
the Labour Contract Law of the People’s Republic of China, a comprehensive employee benefits scheme, covering
the Group is committed to safeguarding employees’ rights various areas such as medical coverage, pension insurance,
and interests in an all-round manner, covering various unemployment insurance, work-related injury insurance,
aspects such as remuneration and benefits, career maternity insurance and the Mandatory Provident Fund.
development, working conditions, leave arrangements,
equal opportunities, diversity and inclusion. Through regular To promote team cohesion and enhance employees’ sense
review and optimisation of relevant policies and measures, of belonging, the Group regularly organises a variety of
we continue to strengthen our employment management corporate culture activities. These activities include monthly
standards to ensure compliance with the latest labour law recognition of cultural role models, employees’ birthday
requirements. celebrations, outdoor team-building activities and traditional
festival gatherings, which effectively enrich employees’
Recruitment, promotion and dismissal leisure time and foster a harmonious and inclusive corporate
culture.
The Group adheres to the principle of fair and equitable
talent recruitment, and selects suitable talent through a
Working hours and holidays
sound recruitment process and assessment mechanism.
In accordance with the recruitment procedures set out in The Group is committed to the reasonable arrangement
the Human Resources Policy, the Group comprehensively of employees’ working hours and has clearly set out
considers various objective factors such as applicants’ working hour arrangements in the Employee Handbook
academic qualifications, professional experience and and employment contracts. We provide employees with a
professional ethics to ensure fairness in the talent selection comprehensive leave benefits system, including statutory
process. To achieve effective talent management and holidays, paid annual leave, sick leave, marriage leave,
development, the Group has established a comprehensive compassionate leave and maternity leave. The Group
performance appraisal system to regularly review employees’ implements a standard working hours system. Where
work performance and development potential, and uses overtime work is required under special circumstances,
the results as an important basis for promotion and salary employees shall apply to their supervisors and obtain
adjustment. In terms of resignation management, the approval from the Human Resources Department to
Group strictly follows the standard procedures set out in ensure the standardisation and legality of working time
the Employee Handbook and ensures that all resignation management.
and dismissal arrangements comply with the requirements
of relevant laws and regulations, so as to fully protect the
rights and interests of both employers and employees.
56 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 59 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Equal opportunity, diversity and anti- As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had
discrimination a total of 6,031 employees (2024: 7,803 employees),
mainly working in core business areas including restaurant
The Group upholds the values of fairness, justice, openness
operations, and the manufacture and sale of noodles and
and inclusiveness, and is committed to creating a diverse
related products. Detailed employee profiles, employee
and inclusive working environment. We strictly enforce our
turnover and other relevant data are set out in the section
anti-discrimination policy and prohibit discrimination on the
headed “Social Performance” in the appendix to the Report.
grounds of gender, race, religious belief, ethnicity, age and
disability. In terms of human resources management, the
Health and Safety
Group ensures that all employees enjoy equal opportunities
in all aspects, including recruitment, training, promotion The Group attaches great importance to the physical
and work allocation. and mental health of its employees and is committed to
creating a healthy and safe working environment. The
To promote workplace diversity, the Group actively pays Group strictly complies with laws and regulations such as
attention to and responds to the different backgrounds the Work Safety Law of the People’s Republic of China
and needs of employees, ensuring that every employee and the Law of the People’s Republic of China on the
can give full play to his or her strengths and achieve Prevention and Control of Occupational Diseases, and
career development. Through cooperation with the implements internal management systems such as the
Selective Placement Division of the Labour Department, we Employee Handbook, the Code of Occupational Safety
proactively provide employment opportunities for people and Health and the Work Safety Instruction to provide
with disabilities. At the corporate governance level, the clear safety guidance for various workplaces. For high-risk
Group has adopted a board diversity policy. When selecting positions, we have further strengthened safety management
candidates, it considers not only their potential contribution measures, including regularly updating operating guidelines
to the Board but also their positive impact on the Board’s and providing professional training, so as to prevent work-
diversified composition. related accidents.
Elimination of child labour and forced labour In cultivating occupational safety awareness, the Group
adopts diversified training and promotional approaches
The Group strictly complies with employment-related laws
to ensure that all employees fully understand and strictly
and regulations and firmly prohibits the employment of child
comply with various safety requirements. We regularly
labour and forced labour. During the recruitment process,
organise production safety training to strengthen employees’
we require all applicants to provide valid identification
safety awareness and operational skills. At the same time,
documents to verify their age eligibility. To protect the
the Group provides employees with a comprehensive
rights and interests of both employers and employees, the
health protection plan, including pre-employment medical
Group signs a formal labour contract with each employee,
examinations and comprehensive employer’s liability
clearly setting out the rights and obligations of employees
insurance. During the three years including the Reporting
and their employing departments, thereby ensuring that the
Period, there were no work-related fatalities. During the
employment relationship is established on a voluntary and
Reporting Period, the Group recorded 124 (2024: 112)
lawful basis. Once any violation of the provisions on the
work-related accidents, the main types of which included
prevention of child labour and forced labour is identified,
scalds, bruises, falls, cuts and traffic accidents during
the Group will take appropriate legal and administrative
commuting, with a work-related injury rate of 20.56 (2024:
measures in accordance with the law, including reporting
14.35) per 1,000 employees and a total of 616 (2024: 553)
to the relevant government authorities and assuming
lost working days. In response to these situations, the Group
corresponding compensation liabilities.
has further strengthened the development and promotion
of its occupational health and safety management system.
Annual Report 2025 57


===== PAGE 60 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Development and Training development plans, talent needs, employees’ overall
capabilities and career development aspirations, the Group
The Group regards talent cultivation and development
has formulated comprehensive annual training plans, a
as an important cornerstone for building long-term
training and development system, and a reserve strategy
competitiveness. To ensure that employees can effectively
for mid-level and senior talent. These initiatives are aimed
perform their duties and improve work efficiency, we
at nurturing outstanding talent and driving the continuous
continue to devote resources to enhancing employees’
advancement of the Group’s business.
professional skills and overall capabilities. Based on business
Examples of
Types of training training activities Purpose
Orientation training Basic Hygiene Instructions for To help employees better understand the Group’s policies and
New Employees, Food Safety corporate culture, and acquire the necessary work skills and
and ISO 22000 Basics knowledge so as to adapt to their roles as soon as possible
New product training Face-to-face job skills training To ensure that employees understand the latest product
for new products information, while meeting their different development
needs and enhancing their overall professional capabilities
To support the continuous development of employees, Labour Standards
the Group actively encourages employees to participate in
The Group strictly complies with relevant labour laws and
external training and continuing education activities, and
regulations in the PRC, including but not limited to those
provides support such as educational funding and subsidies
set out in the section headed “Employment” of this Report,
for special government training fees. We have established
as well as the Law of the People’s Republic of China on the
a sound performance management system to regularly
Protection of Minors and other laws and regulations. Child
evaluate employees’ performance and provide promotion
labour and forced labour infringe fundamental human rights
opportunities for outstanding employees. Department
and are detrimental to sustainable social and economic
heads work together with employees to set annual work
development. The Group prohibits the employment of child
goals, and conduct regular performance communication
labour and forced labour. During the recruitment process,
and feedback to ensure that employees receive appropriate
the Group verifies applicants’ actual age by checking
guidance and support for their career development.
identification documents and other records to prevent the
employment of child labour. To prevent forced labour, we
During the Reporting Period, a total of 6,101 employees
safeguard employees’ right to freely choose employment
(2024: 9,880 employees) of the Group received training,
and ensure that all employment relationships are voluntary.
representing 101.16% (2024: 126.62%) of the total
The Group and its employees may terminate employment
number of employees, with an average of 51.79 hours
contracts for personal or other reasons, subject to an
(2024: 50.65 hours) of training per employee. Detailed
appropriate notice period or payment in lieu of notice. If any
data on employee training are set out in the section headed
non-compliance is identified, it will be dealt with seriously
“Social Performance” in the appendix to this Report. The
and handled in accordance with national and local laws and
number of trained employees and training hours include
regulations based on the actual circumstances. The Group
data relating to employees who had left employment during
properly maintains employment contracts and other records
the Reporting Period.
containing all relevant employee details, including age, for
verification by relevant statutory authorities upon request.
58 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 61 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
RESPONSIBLE OPERATIONS
Areas Standards considered
Product Responsibility
Governance • Operating in compliance with laws
Adhering to the highest standards of product responsibility and regulations
management, the Group is committed to ensuring that its • Social, economic and environmental
products and services achieve excellence in quality, health contributions
and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy protection, • Corporate culture and philosophy
so as to fully satisfy customer needs and exceed their • Any record of bad credit or penalties
expectations.
Environmental • Whether the products involved in
Supply Chain Management
the research and development or
production stage are low-carbon
As a leading company in the catering industry, the Group
and environmentally friendly
has always placed supplier management at the core of its
• Participation in community
business operations and is committed to ensuring excellent
environmental activities
quality and safety standards for its products and services. We
have established a sound procurement tendering process
Social • Social responsibility and
and supplier performance evaluation and management
creditworthiness
system to regulate procurement standards and procedures,
• Food quality and safety
and to ensure that the supplier selection process is fair,
open and reasonable. During the supplier admission
In terms of supply chain risk management, the Group
assessment stage, the Group implements a stringent on-
deeply integrates the concept of social responsibility into
site evaluation system and requires suppliers to provide
its supply chain management system. We have established
industry qualification certifications for the relevant product
long-term strategic cooperative relationships with suppliers
categories.. For existing cooperating suppliers, we continue
and effectively communicate the Group’s vision and
to conduct regular and ad hoc on-site inspections and
requirements for environmental and social responsibility
reviews, and take measures such as terminating cooperation
through goal setting, event organisation and training
with suppliers that fail to meet the required standards.
programmes. At the same time, we have established a
sound supplier supervision mechanism, requiring suppliers
To manage supply chain risks, the Group integrates social
to conduct regular self-assessments of their environmental
responsibility into the management and operation of the
and social responsibility performance and implement
supply chain, and incorporates environmental and social
corresponding improvement plans.
considerations when evaluating suppliers:
Annual Report 2025 59


===== PAGE 62 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
The Group actively promotes its green procurement strategy
Process Main quality control measures
by holding seminars and training activities on environmental
protection to encourage suppliers to adopt environmentally
friendly materials and promote the concepts of resource Raw materials • Formulate the Description of Bidding
conservation and recycling. We have established an annual Process for Raw Material Procurement
supplier appraisal and reward mechanism to recognise and the Raw Materials Supplier
partners with outstanding performance in environmental Delivery Quality Rating Standard to
protection. manage the quality of raw materials
provided by suppliers
During the Reporting Period, there were approximately 451 • Give priority to well-known enterprises
suppliers (2024: 451 suppliers) suppliers and subcontractors in the industry and require them to
on our approved supplier list, all of whom were located possess the necessary qualifications
in China. All suppliers and subcontractors are required to and provide product inspection and
comply with the above practices relating to the engagement acceptance reports
of suppliers and subcontractors. • Require cooperating suppliers to
sign the Food Quality and Safety
Looking ahead, the Group will continue to optimise its supply Commitment Letter and comply with
chain data collection system, strengthen the disclosure of its requirements, ensuring that raw
relevant information, and further improve the supply chain materials meet required standards,
environmental and social risk assessment mechanism. We contaminated raw materials are not
will give priority to the procurement of environmentally used in the production process, labels
friendly products and services and work together with are not falsified, the production
suppliers to achieve sustainable development goals. environment is kept clean, and
inspections and sample checks by
Quality Control government regulatory authorities are
accepted
The Group regards food safety as the top priority of its
• Require suppliers to satisfy the
operations and strictly complies with food safety-related
qualification requirements for
laws and regulations. We implement a comprehensive
supplied raw materials as set out
quality management system and strictly regulate every
in the Supplier Development and
stage from raw material procurement to final distribution.
Selection Evaluation Form, comply
Through a scientific and systematic management model, we
with relevant hygiene regulations, and
integrate large-scale procurement, standardised operations
submit product safety certificates and
and intensive production, and establish a complete cold
laboratory reports on a regular basis
chain production and distribution network with the
• Require any supplier providing food
production bases as the core. In addition, we make full use
products for the first time to be
of modern technology to ensure production efficiency and
reviewed by the procurement and
product consistency while fully safeguarding the safety of
quality control departments
ingredients during processing, outbound handling, logistics
• Require procurement and quality
and distribution, so as to continuously provide customers
control personnel to conduct on-site
with safe and high-quality food and beverage products.
audits at processing plants and review
production processes to ensure that
suppliers have effective food safety
control systems and independent
research and development capabilities
• Trace products manufactured by
suppliers and strictly monitor and test
every stage from raw materials to
finished products
60 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 63 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Intelligent Tracking for Quality Assurance:
Process Main quality control measures
Building Intelligent Tracking for Food Safety
Management Across the Entire Chain
Production • Conduct regular training for workers
The Group actively complies with food safety regulatory
to ensure that they understand the
requirements and has established a complete product
latest food safety measures and best
traceability and tracking system. We use the CTTIC Global
practices
Traceability Cloud Platform and implement a “one bag, one
• Implement strict quality control and
code” tracking mechanism, which enables comprehensive
management measures, including
tracking of every stage from raw material procurement and
inspection, labelling, packaging and
production through to receipt by stores. This system not
storage
only helps enhance internal control, but also effectively
• Require all products to be
addresses external concerns and has been recognised by
manufactured in accordance with
government regulators.
the relevant laws and standards for
quality and safety, and to pass audits
In addition, we strictly comply with the requirements of the
by relevant institutions
Shanghai Food Safety Information Traceability Management
Measures. Through the Shanghai Food Safety Information
Distribution • For products distributed to stores from
Traceability Platform, we implement information traceability
production bases or sub-warehouses,
management throughout the entire process of food
sign contracts with third-party
production, circulation and catering services. The traceability
transportation companies and require
scope covers ten categories of food and edible agricultural
disinfection and related procedures
products, ranging from grains and livestock products to
before loading
aquatic products, fully demonstrating the Group’s strong
• Ensure that goods requiring
commitment to food safety.
refrigerated storage and
transportation are not mixed with
Realising the standardised production of bone
toxic substances, chemicals or the like
soup through an integrated production model
• Use temperature-controlled systems to
distribute frozen and chilled products At the production bases, the soup-making process
to ensure that products delivered to comprises seven stages, namely material selection, dicing,
stores meet requirements simmering, evaporation, packaging, distribution and final
• Install thermometers in vehicles serving. Through integrated quality control management
to monitor cargo compartment and careful control over time, temperature, measurement
temperatures and carry out regular and sequence, the stability of taste can be better ensured.
spot checks
• Require receiving personnel at stores During the Reporting Period, the percentage of products
to measure the temperature of sold or shipped that were subject to recall for safety and
logistics-delivered products to check health reasons was 0.03%.
whether temperature requirements
have been met
Annual Report 2025 61


===== PAGE 64 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Customer service Advertising and labelling
Adhering to a customer-oriented service philosophy, the The Group attaches great importance to protecting
Group has established diversified customer communication consumer rights and interests and strives to ensure the
channels and is committed to maintaining close contact accurate communication of product information. In terms of
with customers. We have a dedicated customer service the dissemination of corporate and product information, we
hotline to actively receive and handle customer feedback, strictly comply with relevant national laws and regulations,
which is translated into a driving force for the continuous and carry out prudent and reasonable advertising activities
improvement of service quality. The Group has established based on consumer needs. To standardise the management
a sound customer complaint handling mechanism to ensure of advertisements and labels, the Group has specifically
that relevant departments can respond to and follow up formulated the Guidelines for the Labelling and Identification
on each case promptly, and report progress to customers of Ajisen Raw Materials, with a view to ensuring that all
in a timely manner, reflecting the importance we attach advertisements and labels not only meet the requirements
to service commitments. of authenticity, accuracy and legality, but also effectively
and clearly convey relevant information to consumers.
In 2025, the Group received a total of 403 (2024: 390)
customer enquiries and complaint cases, all of which were Anti-corruption
largely satisfactorily resolved, fully demonstrating our
The Group adheres to the highest standards of business
efficient complaint handling capabilities and customer-
integrity and adopts a zero-tolerance approach towards
oriented service attitude.
any form of corruption or unethical conduct. We have
established a comprehensive anti-corruption management
Customer privacy and intellectual property rights
system, strictly comply with relevant laws and regulations,
The Group attaches great importance to the protection and formulated sound internal policies and measures. The
of customer privacy and intellectual property rights. To Employee Handbook sets out detailed standards of conduct
ensure the effective operation of our information security for employees and expressly prohibits any form of bribery,
management system, we have implemented a comprehensive improper transfer of benefits and conflicts of interest. All
cyber security strategy, including the deployment of employees are required to sign a Declaration of Receipt
advanced network firewalls and anti-virus systems, as well of Gifts/Gains upon onboarding to ensure that they fully
as the establishment of a sound server security management understand the relevant requirements.
mechanism. In terms of data management, we adopt a
systematic classification and storage solution and regularly
carry out backup procedures for important data. In addition,
we implement strict login access controls, regularly update
system software, and continuously optimise the security
management system of our server room. To further
strengthen information confidentiality, the Group clearly
stipulates that all employees must strictly comply with
confidentiality agreements, and it is strictly prohibited
to disclose any customer information, business data or
intellectual property-related information to third parties
without authorisation.
62 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 65 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
3To strengthen confidentiality management and maintain COMMUNITY INVESTMENT
a fair competitive environment, the Group strictly regulates
the use and disclosure of customer and supplier information.
Upholding the core values of corporate social responsibility,
We regularly carry out anti-corruption training and integrity
the Group is committed to creating long-term value for
education activities to continuously enhance the compliance
stakeholders and the communities in which it operates.
awareness of employees and suppliers. Although the Group
By gaining an in-depth understanding of community needs
did not conduct formal anti-corruption training during the
and identifying key areas for development, we actively
year, it strengthened communication of anti-corruption
invest resources in social welfare projects, including
policies and compliance requirements in its daily operations
charitable donations and volunteer services. The Group’s
to ensure that all management and employees had a
outstanding performance in community engagement has
sufficient understanding of the relevant information.
been widely recognised, and it has been awarded the
“Caring Company” logo by the Hong Kong Council of
The Group has established a sound whistleblowing mechanism
Social Service for fifteen consecutive years. During the
to encourage employees to report any suspected improper
Reporting Period, we donated approximately HK$2 million
conduct through confidential channels. We undertake to
to the assistance fund for Wang Fuk Court in Tai Po,
protect the rights and interests of whistleblowers, ensure
Hong Kong, to provide financial assistance to the relevant
that they are free from any form of retaliation, and take
residents, and also donated relief supplies to help them
appropriate investigation and rectification measures in a
overcome the difficulties.
timely manner. Through the effective implementation of
these mechanisms, we are committed to upholding the
As a corporate citizen committed to social responsibility,
Group’s culture of integrity and sound business ethics.
the Group fully recognises its important role in social
During the Reporting Period, the Group did not receive any
development. We incorporate community interests into the
whistleblowing cases relating to business ethics, nor were
core considerations of corporate decision-making, formulate
there any concluded corruption litigation cases brought
a comprehensive community investment strategy, and
against the issuer or its employees.
continue to explore innovative social investment solutions.
By strengthening in-depth dialogue and cooperation with all
sectors of society, the Group is committed to building closer
partnerships, working together to promote sustainable
social development, and creating long-term and stable
value for stakeholders.
Annual Report 2025 63


===== PAGE 66 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
APPENDIX
Environmental Performance
Environmental KPIs3 Unit 2025 2024
Air pollutant emissions4
Nitrogen oxides kg 2,629.02 2,001.88
Sulphur oxides kg 1.52 223.96
Respirable suspended particulates kg 240.22 184.33
Greenhouse gas emissions56
Scope 17
Direct greenhouse gas emissions tonnes CO e 7,105.30 8,585.78
2
Scope 28
Energy indirect greenhouse gas emissions tonnes CO e 6,985.98 6,140.86
2
Scope 39
Other indirect greenhouse gas emissions tonnes CO e 3,798.60 N/A10
2
Total greenhouse gas emissions
(Scope 1 and 2) tonnes CO e 14,091.28 14,726.64
2
Total greenhouse gas emissions
(Scope 1, 2 and 3) tonnes CO e 17,889.88 N/A9
2
Greenhouse gas emissions intensity (Scope 1
and 2, in terms of number of employees) tonnes CO e per employee 2.34 1.89
2
Greenhouse gas emissions intensity (Scope
1, 2 and 3, in terms of number of
employees) tonnes CO e per employee 2.97 N/A9
2
Hazardous waste
Total hazardous waste tonnes 0.90 0.70
Hazardous waste intensity (in terms of
number of employees) tonnes per employee 0.0001 0.0001
3 The number of employees and revenue used in intensity data calculation are consistent with the scope of environmental KPIs.
4 The calculation refers to “How to prepare an ESG Report? – Appendix II: Reporting Guidance on Environmental KPIs” issued by the Stock
Exchange. Emissions are mainly generated from production workshops and kitchens.
5 The Group’s air pollutant emissions increased as compared with last year, mainly due to the increase in natural gas consumption resulting
from higher production output during the Reporting Period.
6 The calculation and emission factors refer to the “GHG Protocol Tool For Energy Consumption in China (Version 2.1)” published by
World Resources Institute, the “Guidelines for Accounting Methods and Reporting of Greenhouse Gas Emissions from Enterprises – Power
Generation Facilities (2022 Revision)” issued by the Ministry of Ecology and Environment of the People’s Republic of China, the “Guidelines
for Accounting Methods and Reporting of Greenhouse Gas Emissions from Industrial and Other Industrial Enterprises” issued by the National
Development and Reform Commission of the People’s Republic of China, and “How to prepare an ESG Report? – Appendix II: Reporting
Guidance on Environmental KPIs” issued by HKEX.
7 Scope 1 includes direct greenhouse gas emissions from the combustion of diesel, town gas and natural gas in stationary and mobile
sources.
8 Scope 2 includes energy indirect greenhouse gas emissions from purchased electricity from third parties.
9 During the Reporting Period, Scope 3 includes other indirect greenhouse gas emissions from purchased goods and services, waste generated
in operations, business travel and employee commuting. Other categories are excluded because they are not relevant to our business, or
the data are currently unavailable and cannot be quantified.
10 The Scope 3 data collection process had not yet been implemented for the corresponding period in 2024, and therefore no year-on-year
comparison is available.
64 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 67 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Environmental KPIs3 Unit 2025 2024
Non-hazardous waste11
Total non-hazardous waste tonnes 908.68 836.52
Non-hazardous waste intensity (in terms of
number of employees) tonnes per employee 0.15 0.11
Energy
Direct energy12 MWh 50,761.63 14,117.13
Indirect energy13 MWh 13,510.21 11,764.38
Total energy consumption MWh 64,271.84 25,853.23
Energy consumption intensity (in terms of
number of employees) MWh per employee 10.66 3.31
Water resources
Total water consumption m3 166,373.37 130,612.00
Water consumption intensity (in terms of
number of employees) m3 per employee 27.59 16.74
Packaging materials
Total packaging material consumption tonnes 2,044.12 1,803.002
Packaging material consumption intensity (in tonnes per RMB million
terms of revenue) revenue 1.12 1.052
Social Performance
2025 2024
Employee profile14 Number Percentage Number Percentage
Total 6,031 100% 7,803 100%
Gender Male 1,976 32.76% 2,768 35.47%
Female 4,055 67.24% 5,035 64.53%
Age 24 or below 1,444 23.94% 2,277 29.18%
25-40 2,054 34.06% 2,575 33.00%
41-59 2,359 39.11% 2,798 35.86%
60 or above 174 2.89% 153 1.96%
Rank Senior 43 0.71% 47 0.60%
management
Middle 423 7.01% 428 5.49%
management
General staff 5,565 92.28% 7,328 93.91%
Employment type Full-time 2,563 42.50% 3,670 47.03%
Part-time 3,468 57.50% 4,133 52.97%
11 The amount of non-hazardous waste and hazardous waste generated during the Reporting Period increased as compared with the
corresponding period in 2024, mainly due to increased production output.
12 Includes diesel, town gas and natural gas.
13 Includes purchased electricity.
14 Employee data at the end of the Reporting Period.
Annual Report 2025 65


===== PAGE 68 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
2025 2024
Employee profile14 Number Percentage Number Percentage
Geographical Chinese Mainland 5,441 90.22% 7,396 94.78%
region
Hong Kong, China 589 9.76% 407 5.22%
Other regions 1 0.02% – –
2025 2024
Employee turnover15 Number Percentage Number Percentage
Total 9,165 151.96% 9,280 100.00%
Gender Male 3,724 188.46% 4,075 100.00%
Female 5,441 134.18% 5,205 100.00%
Age 24 or below 5,342 369.94% 5,542 100.00%
25-40 1,801 87.68% 1,908 74.10%
41-59 1,926 81.64% 1,732 61.90%
60 or above 96 55.17% 98 64.05%
Rank Senior 8 18.60% 8 17.02%
management
Middle 72 17.02% 90 21.03%
management
General staff 9,085 163.25% 9,182 100.00%
Geographical Chinese Mainland 8,622 158.46% 8,760 100.00%
region
Hong Kong, China 543 92.19% 520 100.00%
2025 2024
New employees16 Number Percentage Number Percentage
Total 7,341 121.72% 10,454 100.00%
Gender Male 2,898 146.66% 4,443 100.00%
Female 4,443 109.57% 6,011 100.00%
Age 24 or below 4,503 311.84% 6,315 100.00%
25-40 1,266 61.64% 2,028 78.76%
41-59 1,466 62.14% 2,016 72.05%
60 or above 106 60.92% 95 62.09%
Rank Senior management 3 6.98% 8 17.02%
Middle 62 14.66% 77 17.99%
management
General staff 7,276 130.75% 10,369 100.00%
Geographical Chinese Mainland 6,669 122.57% 9,880 100.00%
region
Hong Kong, China 672 114.09% 574 100.00%
15 Employee turnover rate (percentage) = Number of employees resigned of respective category/Total number of employees of respective
category at the end of the Reporting Period x 100%.
16 New hire rate (percentage) = Number of new hires of respective category/Total number of employees of respective category at the end of
the Reporting Period x 100%.
66 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 69 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Occupational health and safety 2025 2024 2023
Number and rate of work-related fatalities 0, 0% 0, 0% 0, 0%
Number of work-related injuries 124 112 110
Lost days due to work injury 616 553 97
Rate of work-related injuries (per 1,000 employees) 20.56 14.35 14.91
2025 2024
Employees trained17 Number Percentage Number Percentage
Total 6,101 101.16% 9,880 126.62%
Gender Male 2,442 123.58% 4,134 88.22%
Female 3,659 90.23% 5,746 72.67%
Rank Senior 109 253.49% – –
management
Middle 1,019 240.90% – –
management
General staff 4,973 89.36% 9,880 126.62%
Average training hours18 (hours) 2025 2024
Per employee 51.79 50.65
Gender Male 63.97 59.74
Female 45.85 45.65
Rank Senior management 226.60 –
Middle management 147.83 –
General staff 43.13 53.93
17 Rate of employees trained (percentage) = Number of employees trained of respective category/Total number of employees of respective
category at the end of the Reporting Period x 100%. The number of employees trained includes employees who received training during
the Reporting Period but subsequently left employment.
18 Average employee training hours = Total training hours for employees of respective category/Total number of employees of respective
category at the end of the Reporting Period.Training hours include hours received by employees who received training during the Reporting
Period but subsequently left employment.
Annual Report 2025 67


===== PAGE 70 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
CONTENT INDEX OF ESG REPORT
Aspects, General
Disclosures and KPIs Content Page/Note
Mandatory Disclosure Requirements
Governance Structure (i) A disclosure of the Board’s oversight of ESG issues. 35-39
(ii) The Board’s ESG management approach and strategy,
including the process used to evaluate, prioritise and manage
material ESG-related issues (including risks to the Group’s
business).
(iii) How the Board reviews progress made against ESG-related
targets and explains how they relate to the Group’s business.
Reporting Principles Materiality: The ESG report should disclose: (i) the process to 38-39
identify material ESG factors and the criteria for selecting such
factors; and (ii) where a stakeholder engagement exercise has
been conducted, a description of the significant stakeholders
identified, and the process and results of the Group’s stakeholder
engagement.
Quantitative: Information on the standards, methodologies,
assumptions and/or calculation tools used, and the source of
conversion factors used, for the reporting of emissions/energy
consumption (where applicable) should be disclosed.
Consistency: The Group should disclose in the ESG report any
changes in the methods or KPIs used, or any other relevant factors
affecting a meaningful comparison.
Reporting Boundary A narrative explaining the reporting boundaries of the ESG report 34
and describing the process used to identify which entities or
operations are included in the ESG report.
A1 Emissions
General Disclosure Information on: 40
(a) the policies; and
(b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a
significant impact on the Group relating to air emissions,
discharges into water and land, and generation of hazardous
and nonhazardous waste.
A1.1 The types of emissions and respective emissions data. 41
A1.3 Total hazardous waste produced and intensity. 41
A1.4 Total non-hazardous waste produced and intensity. 41
A1.5 Description of emissions target(s) set and steps taken to achieve 41-42
them.
A1.6 Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are 41
handled, and a description of reduction target(s) set and steps
taken to achieve them
68 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 71 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Aspects, General
Disclosures and KPIs Content Page/Note
A2 Use of Resources
General Disclosure Policies on the efficient use the resources, including energy, water 42
and other raw materials.
A2.1 Direct and/or indirect energy consumption by type in total and 42
intensity.
A2.2 Water consumption in total and intensity. 43
A2.3 Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to 43-44
achieve them.
A2.4 Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is 43-44
fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to
achieve them.
A2.5 Total packaging material used for finished products and with 43
reference to per unit produced.
B1 Employment
General Disclosure Information on: 56
(a) the policies; and
(b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a
significant impact on the Group relating to compensation and
dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest
periods, equal opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, and
other benefits and welfare.
B1.1 Total workforce by gender, employment type, age group and 57
geographical region.
B1.2 Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and geographical 66
region.
B2 Health and Safety
General Disclosure Information on: 57
(a) the policies; and
(b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have
a significant impact on the Group relating to providing a
safe working environment and protecting employees from
occupational hazards.
B2.1 Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in each of the 57
past three years including the reporting year.
B2.2 Lost days due to work injury. 57
B2.3 Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, 57
and how they are implemented and monitored.
Annual Report 2025 69


===== PAGE 72 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Aspects, General
Disclosures and KPIs Content Page/Note
B3 Development and Training
General Disclosure Policies on improving employees’ knowledge and skills for 58
discharging duties at work. Description of training activities.
B3.1 The percentage of employees trained by gender and employee 58
category.
B3.2 The average training hours completed per employee by gender and 58
employee category.
B4 Labour Standards
General Disclosure Information on: 58
(a) the policies; and
(b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a
significant impact on the Group relating to preventing child
and forced labour.
B4.1 Description of measures to review employment practices to avoid 58
child and forced labour.
B4.2 Description of steps taken to eliminate such practices when 58
discovered.
B5 Supply Chain Management
General Disclosure Policies on managing environmental and social risks of the supply 59
chain.
B5.1 Number of suppliers by geographical region. 60
B5.2 Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of 59-60
suppliers where the practices are being implemented, and how
they are implemented and monitored.
B5.3 Description of practices used to identify environmental and social 59-60
risks along the supply chain, and how they are implemented and
monitored.
B5.4 Description of practices used to promote environmentally preferable 59-60
products, and how they are implemented and monitored.
B6 Product Responsibility
General Disclosure Information on: 59
(a) the policies; and
(b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a
significant impact on the Group relating to health and safety,
advertising, labelling and privacy matters relating to products
and services provided and methods of redress.
B6.1 Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to recalls for 61
safety and health reasons.
B6.2 Number of products and service related complaints received and 62
how they are dealt with.
70 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 73 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Aspects, General
Disclosures and KPIs Content Page/Note
B6.3 Description of practices relating to observing and protecting 62
intellectual property rights.
B6.4 Description of quality assurance process and recall procedures. 61
B6.5 Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, and 62
how they are implemented and monitored.
B7 Anti-corruption
General Disclosure Information on: 62
(a) the policies; and
(b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a
significant impact on the Group relating to bribery, extortion,
fraud and money laundering.
B7.1 Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practices 63
brought against the Group or its employees during the reporting
period and the outcomes of the cases.
B7.2 Description of preventive measures and whistle-blowing procedures, 62-63
and how they are implemented and monitored.
B7.3 Description of anti-corruption training provided to directors and 62
staff.
B8 Community Investment
General Disclosure Policies on community engagement to understand the needs of the 63
communities where the Group operates and to ensure its activities
take into consideration the communities’ interests.
B8.1 Focus areas of contribution. 63
B8.2 Resources contributed to the focus area. 63
Climate-related Disclosures
(I) Governance
/ Information on: 45
(a) the governance body(ies) responsible for oversight of climate-
related risks and opportunities; and
(b) management’s role in the governance processes, monitoring
controls and procedures used to monitor, manage and oversee
climate-related risks and opportunities.
(II) Strategy
Climate-related risks and Information on climate-related risks and opportunities that could 46
opportunities reasonably be expected to affect its cash flows, access to finance
or cost of capital over the short, medium or long term.
Business model and Information on current and anticipated effects of climate-related 47-51
value chain risks and opportunities on its business model and value chain.
Strategy and decision- Information on the effects of climate-related risks and opportunities 46
making on its strategy and decision-making.
Progress against plans disclosed in prior reporting periods.
Annual Report 2025 71


===== PAGE 74 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Aspects, General
Disclosures and KPIs Content Page/Note
Financial position, Information on: 47-51
financial performance (a) how climate-related risks and opportunities affected the
and cash flows Group’s financial position, financial performance and cash
flows for the reporting period; and
(b) information on the climate-related risks and opportunities
identified where there is a significant risk of a material
adjustment in the next reporting year.
Disclosure about:
(a) how the Group expects its financial position to change over
the short, medium and long term; and
(b) how the Group expects its financial performance and cash
flows to change over the short, medium and long term.
Climate resilience Information on the resilience of the Group’s strategy and 52
business model to climate-related changes, developments or
uncertainties, and the use of climate-related scenario analysis to
assess its climate resilience in a manner commensurate with its
circumstances.
(III) Risk Management
Climate-related risks and Information on: 52-54
opportunities (a) the processes and related policies used to identify and assess
climate-related risks;
(b) the processes used to identify and assess climate-related
opportunities; and
(c) how the processes for identifying, assessing, prioritising
and monitoring climate-related risks and opportunities are
integrated into and to what extent they are integrated into
the overall risk management process.
(IV) Metrics and Targets
Greenhouse gas Absolute gross greenhouse gas emissions generated during the 54
emissions reporting period, expressed in metric tonnes of CO2 equivalent,
classified as:
(a) Scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions;
(b) Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions; and
(c) Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions.
Information on:
(a) measurement of its greenhouse gas emissions;
(b) the approach used to measure greenhouse gas emissions;
(c) location-based Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions and
information about any contractual instruments necessary to
understand those emissions; and
(d) the categories included in the measurement of Scope 3
greenhouse gas emissions.
72 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 75 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
Aspects, General
Disclosures and KPIs Content Page/Note
Climate-related transition The amount and percentage of assets or business activities 54
risks vulnerable to climate-related transition risks.
Climate-related physical The amount and percentage of assets or business activities 54-55
risks vulnerable to climate-related physical risks.
Climate-related The amount and percentage of assets or business activities aligned 54-55
opportunities with climate-related opportunities.
Capital deployment The amount of capital expenditure, financing or investment deployed 54-55
towards climate-related risks and opportunities.
Internal carbon pricing Information on: 54-55
(a) whether and how carbon pricing is applied in decision-
making; and
(b) the price per metric tonne of greenhouse gas emissions used
to assess the costs of its greenhouse gas emissions, if any.
Remuneration Whether and how climate-related considerations are incorporated 54-55
into remuneration policies, or an appropriate negative statement.
Industry-based metrics industry-based metrics associated with one or more particular 54-55
business models and activities, or industry-based metrics
associated with features common to participation in that industry,
if any.
Climate-related targets • The qualitative and quantitative climate-related targets set 54-55
to monitor progress towards achieving Group’s strategic
objectives, and any targets required by law or regulation,
including any greenhouse gas emissions targets.
• The approach used to set and review each target, and how
progress against each target is monitored.
• Performance against each climate-related target and an
analysis of trends or changes in the Group’s performance.
Applicability of cross- Reference to cross-industry metrics and industry-based metrics, with 54
industry metrics and consideration of whether they are applicable.
industry-based metrics
Annual Report 2025 73


===== PAGE 76 =====
Directors
Executive Directors Poon Ka Man, Jason (潘嘉聞), aged 69, is an executive
Director and the Chief Marketing Officer of the Company.
He has been an executive Director since 8 March 2007. He
Poon Wai (潘慰), aged 70, is the founder of the Group and
is responsible for the marketing of the Ajisen brand name
has been an executive Director of the Company since 6 April
and the design of the Group’s chain restaurants. Mr. Poon
2006. She is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the
is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Group. Mr.
Company. She is responsible for the overall management,
Poon has over 30 years of experience in construction and
including critical decision-making and planning for the
design. Mr. Poon also owns his own contracting and design
strategic activities of the Group. As the founder of the
firm in Hong Kong, specializing in the design and renovation
Company, Ms. Poon has been playing an important role
of offices, commercial retail spaces, factories and residential
in the development of the Group since its inception in
properties. Mr. Poon is the brother of Ms. Poon Wai and
1995. She is also a director of certain subsidiaries of the
is the maternal uncle of Ms. Ng Minna.
Group. Ms. Poon is an experienced entrepreneur who
has over 30 years’ experience in the F&B industry. Prior
Ng Minna (伍美娜), aged 37, has been an executive Director
to establishing the Company, Ms. Poon was engaged in
of the Company since 20 August 2019 and the Director of
trading Asian food products in the US and Hong Kong,
New Business Department and Operating Officer of Hong
China. Ms. Poon is particularly well versed and experienced
Kong and Macau Businesses of the Group, overseeing
in specialty foods from northern and southern regions of
Hong Kong operation, overseas business development and
China. Ms. Poon currently serves as the vice chairman of
new brand restaurants of the Group. Ms. Ng is also a
Shanghai Restaurants Cuisine Association. She was the vice
director of certain subsidiaries of the Group. After joining
president of Shanghai Commercial Enterprise Management
the Group in 2011, she has held various managerial roles
Association, senior vice president of China Hotel Association,
within the Group, including restaurant operation, R&D
special vice president of China Cuisine Association (中國
and business development. She graduated from Bentley
烹飪協會) and director of China Association of Enterprises
University in Boston, US with Bachelor degrees in Economics
Confederation and China Enterprise Directors Association.
and Finance. Ms. Ng Minna is the daughter of Ms. Poon
Ms. Poon was awarded Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of
Wai and the niece of Mr. Poon Ka Man, Jason.
The Year for Hong Kong/Macau Region in October 2007.
Ms. Poon was awarded “the Most Influential Entrepreneur
in Chinese Restaurant Industry” (「中國餐飲最具影響力企
Non-executive Directors
業家」) by China Cuisine Association (中國烹飪協會) and
“Contribution to Shanghai Restaurant Industry in 30 Years”
Katsuaki Shigemitsu (重光克昭), aged 57, has been a
(「上海餐飲三十年功勛人物獎」) by Shanghai Restaurants
non-executive Director since 8 March 2007. Mr. Shigemitsu
Cuisine Association in 2015. Ms. Poon is the sister of Mr.
is also a shareholder and director of Shigemitsu, the Group’s
Poon Ka Man, Jason and is the mother of Ms. Ng Minna.
franchisor. Mr. Shigemitsu has over 25 years of experience
in the F&B industry. After his graduation in 1991, Mr.
Shigemitsu joined his family’s business, Shigemitsu. Mr.
Shigemitsu commenced his work as a restaurant manager in
an Ajisen restaurant in Japan. Subsequently, Mr. Shigemitsu
has assumed several senior management positions in
Shigemitsu. In 1995, he was appointed as the vice-chairman
of Shigemitsu. In 1997, he was appointed as the chairman
of Shigemitsu. Mr. Shigemitsu holds a degree in structural
engineering from the Kumamoto Institute of Technology
(熊本工業大學).
74 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 77 =====
Directors
Yew Yat On (姚逸安), aged 54, has been a non-executive Lo Peter (路嘉星), aged 70, has been an independent
Director of the Company since 7 June 2023. Mr Yew non-executive Director since 8 March 2007. Mr. Lo is also
has near 30 years of experience in investment banking an independent non-executive director of Uni-President
and finance. He held various senior positions in several China Holdings Ltd (stock code: 0220), a company listed
international, Hong Kong, China and China investment on the Stock Exchange. Mr. Lo was the chairman and an
banks and handled a number of initial public offering executive director of China Outfitters Holdings Limited
and merger and acquisition deals. He is the founder and (stock code: 1146) from March 2010 to June 2018, a
managing director of Alliance Capital Partners Limited, a company listed on the Stock Exchange. Mr. Lo has more
leading boutique corporate finance house carrying Type 1 than 25 years of experience in operating businesses in the
and Type 6 regulated activities under the Securities and PRC, including but not limited to trade and investment
Futures Ordinance. Mr. Yew holds an Executive Diploma in various industries such as leather goods, power plants,
in Organization Leadership from Saïd Business School, auto manufacturers, medical equipment and beer brewery.
University of Oxford, and obtained a Master of Science Mr. Lo holds a bachelor degree in Mathematical Economics
degree in Investment Management from The Hong Kong and Econometrics from the London School of Economics
University of Science and Technology, and a Bachelor of and Political Science.
Arts degree from The University of Hong Kong. Mr. Yew is a
chartered financial analyst. Mr. Yew is also an independent Ho Pak Chuen Brian (何百全), aged 52, has been an
non-executive director of China Shineway Pharmaceutical independent non-executive Director since 5 April 2024. Mr.
Group Limited (stock code: 2877), a company listed on the Ho holds a Bachelor of Commerce degree and a Bachelor
Stock Exchange. of Laws degree, both from Monash University, Australia
and a Master’s Degree of Business Administration from
the University of Sydney, Australia and University of New
Independent non-executive
South Wales, Australia.
Directors
Mr. Ho was admitted as a barrister and solicitor of the
Jen Shek Voon (任錫文), aged 79, has been an independent supreme court of Victoria, Australia in 1997 and a solicitor
non-executive Director since 8 March 2007. He was a sole of the High Court of Hong Kong in 2000. He became a
proprietor of Jen Shek Voon, PAS, a Chartered Accountant Certified Practising Accountant of CPA Australia in 2004.
and Public Accounting Singapore firm in Singapore that Mr. Ho has over 24 years of experience in corporate finance
specializes in international and regional financial and and law. He is currently a partner of Howse Williams, a law
business advisory services. Mr. Jen also was an independent firm in Hong Kong. He is an independent non-executive
non-executive director of the boards of directors of a director of Get Nice Holdings Limited (stock code: 0064)
number of non-publicly listed companies in Singapore and since July 2023. He has been appointed as the company
Hong Kong, China. Mr. Jen is a Fellow of the Singapore secretary of Tenfu (Cayman) Holdings Company Limited
Institute of Directors. He holds a Bachelor of Accounting (stock code: 6868) with effect from 21 March 2026. He
degree (Hons) from the University of Singapore and a M was an independent non-executive director of Genes Tech
Comm (Hons) degree from the University of New South Group Holdings Company Limited from June 2017 to March
Wales. He is a Life Member of the Association of Chartered 2026, prior to the delisting of its shares from GEM of the
Certified Accountants in the UK; the Institute of Singapore Stock Exchange (previous stock code: 8257). Mr. Ho worked
Chartered Accountants (ISCA) and the Malaysian Institute of as a Vice President – Corporate Finance at Cazenove Asia
Accountants and a member of the British Computer Society. Limited, which was subsequently acquired by Standard
He is a Forensic Financial Professional, an accreditation with Chartered Securities (Hong Kong) Limited, between June
the Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants (ISCA). 2007 and February 2009, as an Associate Director and
subsequently as a Director of Equity Corporate Finance
Department at Standard Chartered Securities (Hong Kong)
Limited between February 2009 and February 2012. Prior
to 2007, he worked in the corporate department of various
international and local law firms in Hong Kong, China.
Annual Report 2025 75


===== PAGE 78 =====
Report of the Directors
The Directors are pleased to present their report together There were no forfeited contributions utilized by the Group
with the audited financial statements of the Group for the to reduce the existing level of the contributions for each
year ended 31 December 2025. of the years/periods.
Principal activities Employees, Training and
Remuneration Policies
The Company is a FCR chain operator selling Japanese ramen
and Japanese-style dishes in Mainland China and Hong As of 31 December 2025, the Group had 6,031 employees,
Kong, China. An analysis of the Company’s performance as compared to approximately 7,803 employees as of 31
for the year by geographical segments is set out in note 6 December 2024. The Group incurred a total staff costs
to the consolidated financial statements. (including Directors’ emoluments), which primarily consisted
of wages, salaries, bonuses, pension and other social security
costs, and other employee welfares including share-based
Defined Contribution Retirement
payment, in the amount of approximately RMB490.6 million
Plan
for the year ended 31 December 2025.
Pursuant to the relevant regulations of the PRC government, As regards our corporate governance, we have specific
the Group participates in a central pension scheme operated policies on declaration of potential conflicts of interest, anti-
by the local municipal government (the “Scheme”), whereby money laundering measures and procurement management
the subsidiaries of the Company in the PRC is required to to ensure compliance with all relevant laws and regulations
contribute a certain percentage of the basic salaries of its and avoid corruption in our business operations. For the year
employees to the Scheme to fund their retirement benefits. ended 31 December 2025, to the best of the knowledge
The local municipal government undertakes to assume the and belief of our Directors, there were no legal proceedings
retirement benefits obligations of all existing and future regarding corrupt practices brought against us or any of
retired employees of the subsidiaries of the Company. The our directors and employees.
only obligation of the Group with respect to the Scheme
is to pay the ongoing required contributions under the To the best knowledge and belief of our Directors, as at
Scheme. Contributions under the Scheme are charged to the date of this annual report, we were not subject to
profit or loss as incurred. any significant environmental, social and climate-related
risks that could negatively impact our Group’s businesses,
The Group operates a defined contribution Mandatory strategies and financial performance. Our Directors
Provident Fund retirement benefits scheme (the “MPF confirm that for the year ended 31 December 2025, we
Scheme”) for Hong Kong subsidiaries, under the Mandatory were not subject to any material claim, lawsuit, penalty
Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance, for those employees who or administrative action relating to non-compliance with
are eligible to participate in the MPF Scheme. Contributions health, work safety or environmental laws and regulations.
are made based on a percentage of the employees’ basic
salaries and are charged to profit or loss as they become In accordance with the Corporate Governance Code and
payable in accordance with the rules of the MPF Scheme. ESG Reporting Guide set forth in Appendices C1 and
The assets of the MPF Scheme are held separately from C2 to the Listing Rules respectively, we will put in place
those of the company in an independently administered mechanisms that will effectively enable us to continue to
fund. The Hong Kong subsidiaries’ employer contributions adopt recognised best practices and fulfil our corporate
vest fully with the employees when contributed into the responsibility in respect of corporate governance and ESG
MPF Scheme. matters.
76 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 79 =====
Report of the Directors
Environmental Policies and Share capital
Performance
Details of the movements in share capital and share options
It is the corporate and social responsibility of the of the Company during the year are set out in notes 31
Company in promoting a sustainable and environmental and 32 to the consolidated financial statements.
friendly environment. We have overall responsibility for
our strategy and reporting on environmental, social and No shares were issued for the year ended 31 December
governance (“ESG”) matters. We also strive to fulfilling the
2025.
environmental and social responsibility, for which they are
responsible for identification, assessment and management
of our ESG-related risks, and ensuring that appropriate Distributable reserves
and effective ESG risk management and internal control
systems are in place.
Distributable reserves of the Company as at 31
December 2025 amounted to RMB243,104,000 (2024:
The environmental, social and governance report of the
Company prepared in accordance with Appendix C2 of the RMB305,539,000), are set out in note 33 to the consolidated
Listing Rules is set out in the section headed “Environmental, financial statements.
Social and Governance Report” in this annual report.
Debentures issued
Results and appropriations
The Company did not issue debenture for the year ended
The results and appropriations of the Group are set out 31 December 2025 (2024: Nil).
on page 99 to page 102 of the consolidated financial
statements respectively.
Equity-Link agreements
Dividend
Save as disclosed in the section headed “Share Option
Scheme” as set out in this annual report, no equity-linked
At the meeting of the Board held on 27 March 2026, the
agreements that will or may result in the Company issuing
Board recommended the payment of a final dividend of
shares or that require the Company to enter into any
RMB0.07 (HK$7.9 cents) and a special dividend of RMB0.03
(HK$3.4 cents) per ordinary share respectively (2024: a final agreements that will or may result in the Company issuing
dividend of RMB0.06 (HK$6.4 cents) per ordinary share, Shares were entered into by the Group, or existed during
with no special dividend paid) paid to Shareholders whose the year ended 31 December 2025.
names are on the register of members of the Company on 2
July 2026 and is subject to the approval by the Shareholders
at the AGM to be held on 23 June 2026. In celebration of Subsidiaries
the 30th anniversary of Ajisen’s successful entry into the
Hong Kong markets, the Board is pleased to propose the
Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are set
special dividend as a token of appreciation and gratitude to
out in note 42 to the consolidated financial statements.
the Shareholders for their unwavering support and loyalty
over the past three decades. The proposed final dividend
and special dividend is expected to be paid to Shareholders
Principal properties
on or about 14 August 2026.
Details of the principal properties held for development and
Donations or sale and for investment purpose are set out on pages
193 to 195 of this annual report.
The Company made RMB1,831,000 charitable and other
donations during the year (2024: RMB nil).
Annual Report 2025 77


===== PAGE 80 =====
Report of the Directors
Pre-emptive rights Purchase, sale or redemption of
the Company’s listed securities
There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the
Articles of Association and there was no restriction against Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased,
such rights under the laws of Cayman Islands, which would sold or redeemed any of the listed securities of the Company
oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis (including sale of treasury shares, if any) during the year
to existing Shareholders. ended 31 December 2025. As at 31 December 2025, no
treasury shares were held by the Company.
Five-year financial summary
Directors
A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities
of the Group for the last five financial years is set out on The Directors of the Company during the year and up to
page 196 of this annual report. the date of this annual report are:
Executive Directors
Major customers and suppliers
Ms. Poon Wai (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. Poon Ka Man, Jason
The aggregate sales attributable to the Group’s five largest
Ms. Ng Minna
customers for the year ended 31 December 2025 were less
than 5.0% of the Group’s total turnover. The purchases
Non-executive Directors
from the Group’s largest supplier, Qingdao Xin Xie Hang
International Logistic Company Limited (青島新協航國際 Mr. Katsuaki Shigemitsu
物流有限公司) accounted for approximately 4.7% of the Mr. Yew Yat On
Group’s total purchases for the year ended 31 December
Independent Non-executive Directors
2025 and the purchase from the five largest suppliers of the
Group accounted for approximately 20.2% of the Group’s
Mr. Jen Shek Voon
total purchases for the year ended 31 December 2025.
Mr. Lo Peter
Mr. Ho Pak Chuen Brian
Save for Mr. Katsuaki Shigemitsu, a non-executive Director,
who indirectly owns approximately 68.35% interest in
Shigemitsu Industry Co., Ltd. (also known as Shigemitsu Confirmation of independence
Kabushiki Kaisha or Shigemitsu Sangyo Co. Ltd), a company of independent non-executive
incorporated in Japan on 5 July 1972, which is the franchisor Directors
of the Company (details of which are set out on page 89
to page 90 of this annual report), none of the Directors
The Company has received an annual confirmation of
or their respective associates, or the Shareholders who, to
independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules
the knowledge of the Directors, own more than 5% of the
from each of the INEDs, namely Mr. Jen Shek Voon, Mr Lo
issued shares of the Company, has any interest in any of
Peter and Mr. Ho Pak Chuen Brian. The Company considers
the five largest customers or the five largest suppliers of
that Mr. Jen Shek Voon, Mr. Lo Peter and Mr. Ho Pak Chuen
the Group during the year.
Brian are independent.
78 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 81 =====
Report of the Directors
Directors’ service contracts Directors’ and Chief Executive’s
interests and short positions in
shares, underlying shares and
Each of Ms. Poon Wai and Mr. Poon Ka Man, Jason, being
debentures of the Company or its
the executive Directors, has entered into a service contract
associated corporations
with the Company for a term of three years commencing
from 30 March 2007. Ms. Ng Minna, being the executive
Director, has entered into a service contract with the As at 31 December 2025, the interests and short positions
Company for a term of three years commencing from 20 of the Directors and the chief executive of the Company
August 2019, subject to retirement by rotation and re- in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the
election and other related provisions in accordance with Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning
the Articles of Association and the Listing Rules. of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance of Hong
Kong, Chapter 571 of the laws of Hong Kong (“the SFO”))
Each of Mr. Katsuaki Shigemitsu, being the non-executive as recorded in the register required to be kept by the
Director and Mr. Jen Shek Voon and Mr. Lo Peter, being Company under section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise
the independent non-executive Directors, has entered into notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant
a letter of appointment with the Company for a period to the Model Code, are set out below:
of two years commencing from 8 March 2007, subject to
retirement by rotation in accordance with the Articles of
Association, which may be terminated according to the
Articles of Association.
Mr. Yew Yat On, being an non-executive Director, has
entered into a letter of appointment with the Company
for a term of three years commencing from 7 June 2023,
subject to retirement by rotation in accordance with the
Articles of Association, which may be terminated according
to the Articles of Association.
Mr. Ho Pak Chuen Brian, being an independent non-
executive Director, has entered into a letter of appointment
with the Company for a initial term of two years commencing
from 5 April 2024, subject to retirement by rotation in
accordance with the Articles of Association, which may be
terminated according to the Articles of Association.
None of the Directors standing for re-election at the
forthcoming AGM has a service contract with the Company
or any of its subsidiaries which is not determinable by the
Company within one year without payment of compensation
other than the normal statutory compensation.
Annual Report 2025 79


===== PAGE 82 =====
Report of the Directors
(i) Interests and short positions in the shares of the Company
Capacity/Nature of Number of shares Approximate%
Name of directors interests (Note 1) of shareholding
Ms. Poon Wai Founder of a discretionary 480,123,041 (L) 43.99%
trust (Note 2)
Beneficial owner 38,848,347 (L) 3.56%
Mr. Poon Ka Man, Jason Beneficial owner 2,500,000 (L) 0.23%
Ms. Ng Minna Beneficial owner 2,788,000(L) 0.26%
Mr. Katsuaki Shigemitsu Beneficial owner 21,771,129 (L) 1.99%
Interest of controlled 10,604,251 (L) 0.97%
corporation (Note 3)
Mr. Yew Yat On Beneficial owner 149,000 (L) 0.01%
Notes:
1. The letter “L” denotes the Director’s long position in such shares.
2. The 480,123,041 shares were held by Favor Choice Group Limited (“Favor Choice”), which is an investment holding company
wholly owned by Anmi Holding Company Limited (“Anmi Holding”). Anmi Holding is incorporated in the British Virgin Islands and
its issued share capital is wholly owned by Anmi Trust, which is founded by Ms. Poon Wai. Ms. Poon Wai is an executive Director
and the CEO of the Company.
3. The 10,604,251 shares were held by Shigemitsu Industry Co. Ltd., which is owned as to approximately 68.35% by Mr. Katsuaki
Shigemitsu, a non-executive Director of the Company.
(ii) Interests and short positions in the shares of the Company’s associated corporations
(1) Long position in the shares of Anmi Holding
Capacity and nature of Approximate % of
Name of director interest Number of shares shareholding
Ms. Poon Wai Founder of a discretionary trust 1 100% (Note)
Note: The entire issued share capital of Anmi Holding is owned by Anmi Trust, which is founded by Ms. Poon Wai.
(2) Long position in the shares of Favor Choice
Capacity and nature of Approximate % of
Name of director interest Number of shares shareholding
Ms. Poon Wai Founder of a discretionary trust 10,000 100% (Note)
Note: The entire issued share capital of Favor Choice is owned by Anmi Holding, which is wholly owned by Anmi Trust. Anmi Trust
is founded by Ms. Poon Wai.
80 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 83 =====
Report of the Directors
Save as disclosed herein, as at 31 December 2025, none Interests and short positions
of the Directors and the chief executive of the Company, of substantial shareholders
or any of their spouse, or children under eighteen years discloseable under the SFO
of age, had any interests or short positions in the shares,
underlying shares and debentures of the Company or its
So far as is known to the Company, as at 31 December
associated corporations, recorded in the register required
2025, as recorded in the register required to be kept by
to be kept by the Company under section 352 of the SFO
the Company under section 336 of the SFO, the following
or required to be notified to the Company and the Stock
persons, other than a Director or the chief executive of
Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.
the Company, were the substantial shareholders (within
the meaning of the Listing Rules) of the Company and had
the following interests or short positions in the shares or
underlying shares of the Company:
Approximate % of
Name of shareholders Capacity and nature of interest Number of shares shareholding
(Note 1)
Favor Choice (Note 2) Beneficial owner 480,123,041 (L) 43.99%
Anmi Holding (Note 2) Interest of controlled corporation 480,123,041 (L) 43.99%
Trident Trust Company (B.V.I.) Trustee 480,123,041 (L) 43.99%
Limited (Note 2)
Notes: Save as disclosed herein, as at 31 December 2025,
the Company had not been notified of any substantial
1. The letter “L” denotes the substantial shareholder’s long position
in such shares. shareholder (other than a Director or chief executive of
the Company) who had an interest or short position in
2. The 480,123,041 shares were held by Favor Choice, which is an
investment holding company wholly owned by Anmi Holding. the shares or underlying shares of the Company that were
Anmi Holding is incorporated in the British Virgin Islands and recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company
its issued share capital is wholly owned by Anmi Trust, which is
founded by Ms. Poon Wai. Ms. Poon Wai is an executive Director under section 336 of the SFO.
and the CEO of the Company, and Trident Trust Company (B.V.I.)
Limited (in its capacity as the trustee of Anmi Trust) is the legal
owner of the entire issued share capital of Anmi Holding.
Annual Report 2025 81


===== PAGE 84 =====
Report of the Directors
Directors’ interests in transactions, In addition to what was disclosed in the Prospectus, the
arrangement and contracts INEDs had been made aware of the following facts relating
to Ms. Poon Wai and Mr. Poon Ka Man, Jason’s (the
“Poons”) prior interests in Itamae, a Japanese-style sushi
Save as disclosed in the sections headed “Continuing
bar, which was operated by Smart Wave Limited (“Smart
connected transactions” below and note 41 to the
Wave”):
consolidated financial statements, no transactions,
arrangements or contracts of significance (as defined in
(i) Despite the disposals of the Poons’ beneficial
Appendix D2 of the Listing Rules), in relation to the Group’s
ownership interests in Smart Wave prior to the listing
business to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries
of the Company as disclosed in the Prospectus and
or fellow subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director,
in compliance with the undertaking given by Mr.
and the Director’s connected party, had a material interest,
Poon Ka Man, Jason to the Company (the “Disposal
whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of 2025
Undertaking”), the names of the Poons remain on the
or at any time during the year.
register of Smart Wave as of now, since Mr. Cheng
Wai Tao, Ricky (“Mr. Cheng”), the sole director of
Directors’ interests in competing Smart Wave, has failed and/or refused to register the
business incoming shareholder, Fine Elite Group Limited (“Fine
Elite”) on the register of members of Smart Wave.
Save as disclosed in the prospectus of the Company dated
(ii) Subsequent to the Poons’ disposals of their beneficial
19 March 2007 (the “Prospectus”), none of the Directors or
interest in Smart Wave, Fine Elite intended to bring
their respective associates (as defined in the Listing Rules)
legal proceedings on behalf of Smart Wave against
has an interest in any business which competes or may
Mr. Cheng for breach of fiduciary duties owed to
compete with the business in which the Group is engaged
Smart Wave (the “Proceedings”). Given that only a
during the year.
registered shareholder has locus standi to do so, Mr.
Poon Ka Man, Jason agreed with Fine Elite that he
Each of Ms. Poon Wai, Mr. Poon Ka Man, Jason and Mr.
would use his name to commence the Proceedings.
Katsuaki Shigemitsu, who are Directors, has provided an
The Proceedings were concluded at the Court of Final
annual confirmation in respect of the compliance with the
Appeal in 2016 and Mr. Cheng was adjudged liable
non-competition undertaking given by her/him (as described
to Smart Wave for breach of fiduciary duties.
in the Prospectus) (the “Non-competition Undertaking”).
(iii) In the Proceedings, Mr. Poon Ka Man, Jason only
acted in a representative capacity for Smart Wave,
and he personally has not received and will not
receive any economic benefits from his involvement.
82 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 85 =====
Report of the Directors
Having reviewed the information provided by the Poons Other than the above, the INEDs have also reviewed the
and obtained separate legal advice from the Company’s compliance by Ms. Poon Wai, Mr. Poon Ka Man, Jason
legal adviser, the INEDs were satisfied that Mr. Poon Ka and Mr. Katsuaki Shigemitsu with the Non-competition
Man, Jason had materially and substantively complied with Undertaking and any information that they may have
the Disposal Undertaking and the Poons have materially provided regarding any investment and engagement by
and substantively complied with the Non-competition any of them in any F&B business (other than the Company’s
Undertakings insofar as the Poons’ shareholding in Smart business, as disclosed in the Prospectus or as disclosed
Wave is concerned, on the basis that: above), and the nature of such investment and engagement.
In this connection, the INEDs have also confirmed that, as
(i) The Poons are merely holding the shares in Smart far as they can ascertain, there is no breach of any of
Wave as bare trustees, and have no equitable, Ms. Poon Wai, Mr. Poon Ka Man, Jason and Mr. Katsuaki
beneficial or financial interest in, or control over, Shigemitsu of the Non-competition Undertaking given by
Smart Wave; her/him.
(ii) Since 2010, Smart Wave has ceased operation and
Management contracts
no longer been operating any business, competing
or otherwise;
No contracts for the management and administration of
(iii) The Poons have agreed to enter into a new deed the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
on 13 March 2018 with Fine Elite and its beneficial Company were entered into or subsisted during the year.
owner to expressly covenant that all rights, benefits,
dividends, obligations, and liabilities as attendant to
Share Option Schemes
the Poons’ ostensible legal shareholding in Smart
Wave would accrue to Fine Elite and its beneficial
owner; The share option scheme adopted pursuant to a resolution
passed by the Shareholders on 8 March 2007 (the “2007
(iv) The Poons are currently arranging the sale of Smart Share Option Scheme”) had expired on 7 March 2017 and
Wave shares held as bare trustee, and has made initial all share options granted under the 2007 Share Option
progress. Scheme had lapsed. In light of the expiry of the 2007
Share Option Scheme and in order to enable the Board to
(v) The Poons have agreed to update the Company as continue providing incentives and rewards to the eligible
and when they become aware of anything material persons, a new share option scheme was adopted by the
relating to Smart Wave (including but not limited to Shareholders at the extraordinary general meeting of the
updates in the annual confirmation of compliance Company held on 13 July 2017 (the “2017 Share Option
with the Non-competition Undertaking to be given Scheme”).
by them to the Company every year).
The maximum number of Shares which may be allotted and
In addition, on 3 August 2017, the borrower of Mr. Katsuaki issued upon the exercise of all outstanding options granted
Shigemitsu repaid the loan to Mr. Katsuaki Shigemitsu and yet to be granted under the 2017 Share Option Scheme
by 1% equity interest of Itamae. Therefore, Mr. Katsuaki and any other share option schemes of the Company must
Shigemitsu has 1% interest in that company’s shares since not in aggregate exceed 30% of the Shares in issue from
then. time to time.
Annual Report 2025 83


===== PAGE 86 =====
Report of the Directors
The total number of Shares which may be allotted and With effective from 1 January 2023, the eligible participants
issued upon the exercise of all options to be granted under of the 2017 Share Option Scheme were subjected and
the 2017 Share Option Scheme and any other share option restricted to the eligible participants under the Rule 17.03A
schemes of the Group must not in aggregate exceed 10% of of the Listing Rules.
the Shares in issue as at the date of adoption of the 2017
Share Option Scheme. The Company may seek approval Total number of shares available for issue
from its Shareholders in general meeting to refresh such under the Schemes and percentage of
10% limit. issued shares as at the date of this annual
report
No service provider sublimit was set under the 2017 Share
Option Scheme.
The total number of shares available for issue under
the 2017 Share Option Scheme was 85,907,882 shares,
Purpose of the Schemes
representing approximately 7.87% of the shares of the
The purpose of the 2017 Share Option Scheme is to enable Company in issue as at the date of this annual report.
the Company to grant options to the eligible participants
in recognition of their contribution made or to be made Maximum entitlement of each participant
to the Group. Under the 2017 Share Option Scheme, the under the Schemes
Board may grant options to any Director or employee, or
any advisor, consultant, individual or entity who, in the
The total number of shares issued and which may fall to
opinion of the Board, has contributed or will contribute to
be issued upon exercise of the options granted pursuant
the growth and development of the Group.
to the 2017 Share Option Scheme to an eligible participant
(including exercised and outstanding options) in any
Participants of the Schemes
twelve-month period shall not exceed 1% of the number
Under the 2017 Share Option Scheme, the Board may, of shares in issue unless (i) a circular is despatched to the
at its absolute discretion, grant options to any eligible shareholders; (ii) the shareholders approve the grant of the
participants, including: options in excess of the limit referred to therein in general
meeting; and (iii) the relevant eligible participant and its
(i) any non-executive Director or proposed non-executive close associates or his associates if the eligible participant is
Director (including an independent non-executive a connected person abstain from voting on the resolution.
Director) of the Company, any of its subsidiaries or The maximum number of shares which may be issued upon
any entity in which any member of the Group holds exercise of all options which may be granted under the
any equity interest; and/or 2017 Share Option Scheme and any other share options
scheme(s) or share award scheme(s), if any, shall not in
(ii) any adviser (professional or otherwise), consultant, aggregate exceed 10% of the total number of shares in
individual or entity who in the opinion of the Board issue as at the date of approval of the 2017 Share Option
has contributed or will contribute to the growth and Scheme, i.e. a total of 109,153,882 shares.
development of the Group; and/or
(iii) any employee (whether full time or part time,
including any executive Director but excluding
any non-executive Director) of the Company, any
subsidiaries or any entity in which any member of
the Group holds any equity.
84 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 87 =====
Report of the Directors
The amount payable on application or The period within which the option may
acceptance of the option and the period be exercised by the grantee under the
within which payments or calls must or share option schemes
may be made or loans for such purposes
For any particular option that issued under the 2017
must be repaid
Share Option Scheme, the option period is determined
Under the 2017 Share Option Scheme, a non-refundable by the Board at its absolute discretion and notified by the
nominal consideration of HK$1.00 is payable by the Board to the grantee as being the period during which
Grantee upon acceptance of an offer. An offer shall be the option may be exercised and in any event such period
deemed to have been accepted when the duplicate letter shall not exceed a period of ten years commencing on the
comprising acceptance of the offer duly signed by the commencement date but subject to the provisions for early
eligible participants together with the said consideration termination thereof contained in the 2017 Share Option
of HK$1.00 is received by the Company. Scheme.
The basis of determining the exercise price The vesting period of options under the
of options granted share option schemes
The subscription price in respect of options granted under The vesting period of options under the 2017 Share Option
the 2017 Share Option Scheme may be determined by the Scheme are set out in the table on page 86 to page 87 of
Board at its absolute discretion provided that it shall not this annual report.
be less than the higher of:
(i) the closing price of the shares as stated in the Stock
Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the date of
grant, which must be a business day;
(ii) the average closing price of the shares as stated in
the daily quotations sheets of the Stock Exchange
for the five consecutive business days immediately
preceding the date of grant; and
(iii) the nominal value of the shares.
Annual Report 2025 85


===== PAGE 88 =====
Report of the Directors
The remaining life of the Schemes Details of the share options granted
Details of the share options granted under the 2017 Share
The 2017 Share Option Scheme will be valid and effective Option Scheme are contained in note 32 to the consolidated
for a period of ten years, commencing from 13 July 2017. financial statements. No share options were granted or
The remaining life of the 2017 Share Option Scheme is exercised during the years ended 31 December 2025 and
approximately two years and three months. 2024. During the years ended 31 December 2025 and
2024, 6,280,000 and 3,015,000 share options lapsed,
As at 31 December 2025, the number of shares of respectively. The movement during the year ended 2025
the 2017 Share Option Scheme had been granted and and the vesting period of the options granted are as follows:
remained outstanding was 23,246,000 shares, representing
approximately 2.13% of the shares of the Company in issue
as at 31 December 2025.
Number of share options movement during the year Price of share
Vesting Prior to the Prior to the
As at 1 As at 31 period/ Validity Exercise Price/ grant date exercise date
Name or category of January Lapsed December exercise period of Purchase Price of the share of the share
participants Date of grant 2025 Granted Exercised Cancellation (Note 1) 2025 period shares options HK$ options options
Employee participants
Tranche 1 8 January 2015 150,000 – – – (150,000) – Note 2 8 January 2015 to 5.900 5.990 –
7 January 2025
Tranche 2 17 April 2015 900,000 – – – (900,000) – Note 3 17 April 2015 to 5.060 4.950 –
16 April 2025
Tranche 3 2 July 2015 1,420,000 – – – (1,420,000) – Note 2 2 July 2015 to 4.104 4.150 –
1 July 2025
Tranche 4 19 July 2017 500,000 – – – – 500,000 Note 2 19 July 2017 to 3.504 3.470 –
18 July 2027
Tranche 5 1 June 2018 1,400,000 – – – (700,000) 700,000 Note 2 1 June 2018 to 3.256 3.190 –
31 May 2028
Tranche 6 14 January 2019 55,000 – – – – 55,000 Note 2 14 January 2019 to 2.214 2.250 –
13 January 2029
Tranche 7 3 June 2019 200,000 – – – – 200,000 Note 2 3 June 2019 to 3.322 3.300 –
2 June 2029
Tranche 8 27 August 2020 700,000 – – – – 700,000 Note 2 27 August 2020 to 1.250 1.250 –
26 August 2030
Tranche 9 1 November 2021 23,201,000 – – – (2,610,000) 20,591,000 Note 2 1 November 2021 to 1.344 1.350 –
31 October 2031
Tranche 10 12 July 2024 1,000,000 – – – (500,000) 500,000 Note 2, 3 12 July 2024 to 1.010 1.010 –
11 July 2034
29,526,000 – – – (6,280,000) 23,246,000
86 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 89 =====
Report of the Directors
Note 1: The number of options which lapsed in accordance with the terms of the 2007 Share Option Scheme and the 2017 Share Option
Scheme were 2,470,000 and 3,810,000 respectively.
Note 2: Grantees may only exercise their share options in the following manner:
Note 3: O n 12 July 2024, the Company granted 1,000,000 share options to two employees. The closing price of the Company shares
immediately before the date of grant of share option was HK$1.01 per share. The fair value of the options granted was based on
the fair value in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standard 2 – Share-based Payment: “Fair value is the amount for
which asset could be exchanged, a liability settled, or an equity instrument granted could be exchanged, between knowledgeable,
willing parties in an arm’s length transaction.” and the fair value on the grant date was approximately HK$236,000.
Maximum percentage of share options exercisable Period for vesting of the relevant percentage of the share options
20% of the total number of share options From the expiry of the first anniversary of the date of grant to the date
immediately before the second anniversary of the date of grant
20% of the total number of share options From the second anniversary of the date of grant to the date immediately
before the third anniversary of the date of grant
20% of the total number of share options From the third anniversary of the date of grant to the date immediately
before the fourth anniversary of the date of grant
20% of the total number of share options From the fourth anniversary of the date of grant to the date immediately
before the fifth anniversary of the date of grant
20% of the total number of share options From the fifth anniversary of the date of grant to the date immediately
before the sixth anniversary of the date of grant
Note 3: Grantees may only exercise their share options in the following manner:
Maximum percentage of share options exercisable Period for vesting of the relevant percentage of the share options
12.5% of the total number of share options From the expiry of the first anniversary of the date of grant to the date
immediately before the second anniversary of the date of grant
12.5% of the total number of share options From the second anniversary of the date of grant to the date immediately
before the third anniversary of the date of grant
12.5% of the total number of share options From the third anniversary of the date of grant to the date immediately before
the fourth anniversary of the date of grant
12.5% of the total number of share options From the fourth anniversary of the date of grant to the date immediately
before the fifth anniversary of the date of grant
12.5% of the total number of share options From the fifth anniversary of the date of grant to the date immediately before
the sixth anniversary of the date of grant
12.5% of the total number of share options From the sixth anniversary of the date of grant to the date immediately before
the seventh anniversary of the date of grant
12.5% of the total number of share options From the seventh anniversary of the date of grant to the date immediately
before the eighth anniversary of the date of grant
12.5% of the total number of share options From the eighth anniversary of the date of grant to the date immediately
before the ninth anniversary of the date of grant
Annual Report 2025 87


===== PAGE 90 =====
Report of the Directors
Directors’ rights to acquire shares or debentures
Save as disclosed under the sections headed “Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests and Short Positions in Shares,
Underlying Shares and Debentures of the Company and its Associated Corporations” and “Share Option Schemes”, at
no time during the year was the Company or any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries a party to any arrangements
to enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or
any other body corporate, and none of the Directors or any of their spouses or children under the age of eighteen was
granted any right to subscribe for the equity or debt securities of the Company or any other body corporate nor had
exercised any such right.
Retirement scheme
Particulars of the retirement scheme of the Company are set out in note 40 to the consolidated financial statements.
Continuing connected transactions
Details of the continuing connected transactions during the year ended 31 December 2025 are as follows:
88 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 91 =====
Report of the Directors
Shigemitsu transactions The annual cap set for the aggregate franchise
fees and technical fees payable under the Franchise
Shigemitsu Industry Co., Ltd. (“Shigemitsu”) is a company
Agreements for the year ended 31 December 2025
incorporated in Japan and owned by the Shigemitsu
is RMB28,270,000. The aggregate amount of the
family. Mr. Katsuaki Shigemitsu, a non-executive Director
franchise fees and the technical fees for the year
of the Company, indirectly owns approximately 68.35%
ended 31 December 2025 was approximately
in Shigemitsu through Shigemitsu Corporation Limited, a
17,575,000.
company incorporated in Japan which is wholly owned by
Mr. Katsuaki Shigemitsu, which is thus a connected person
The annual cap set for the aggregate royalty of
of the Company pursuant to the Listing Rules.
airports in Europe for the year ended 31 December
2025 is RMB150,000. The aggregate amount of the
1. The franchise agreements
royalty for the year ended 31 December 2025 is
The Group entered into respective two franchise approximately RMB61,000.
agreements with Shigemitsu on 19 February 2006,
one in respect of the Mainland China and the other 2. Supply agreements between the Group and
in respect of Hong Kong and Macau (collectively, the Shigemitsu
“Franchise Agreements”). Pursuant to the Franchise
Fortune Choice Limited (“Fortune Choice”), an
Agreements, Shigemitsu grants a sole, exclusive
indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
and perpetual franchise to the Group to operate
entered into a supply agreement with Shigemitsu on
the franchise business of manufacturing, supplying,
23 March 2006, as supplemented by a supplemental
marketing, distributing and selling ramen and the
supply agreement entered into by the same party
special Japanese soup base formulated and produced
on 16 September 2006 (the “Supply Agreement”).
by Shigemitsu and the business of operating Japanese
As the Group intended to continue carrying out
style ramen FCR chain restaurants under the trade
the transactions under the Supply Agreement, the
name of “Ajisen Ramen” and related trademarks (the
Group renewed the Supply Agreement with Fortune
“Franchise Business”).
Choice on 14 May 2024 for a further three-year term.
Pursuant to the Supply Agreement, Shigemitsu agrees
Pursuant to the Franchise Agreements, the franchise
to supply materials and supplies which are required by
fees and technical fees are payable by the Group
the Group for the operation of the Franchise Business.
to Shigemitsu. The franchise fee is calculated with
reference to the number of restaurants and the
technical fee is an annual payment for the business
of manufacturing and distributing noodles under the
“Ajisen” trademark.
Annual Report 2025 89


===== PAGE 92 =====
Report of the Directors
Festive Profits Limited (“Festive Profits”), an indirect The annual cap set for Shigemitsu’s total amount
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company entered into payable to the Group under the Sales Agreement for
a supply agreement with Shigemitsu Food (Shanghai) the year ended 31 December 2025 is RMB1,500,000.
Co., Ltd. (“Shigemitsu Food”) on 14 May 2009 (the The actual amount received for the year ended 31
“Supply Agreement (PRC)”). As the Group intended December 2025 was approximately RMB864,000.
to continue carrying out the transactions under the
Supply Agreement (PRC), the Group renewed the Design Union transactions
Supply Agreement (PRC) with Festive Profits on 14
Design Union Interior Contracting Limited (“Design Union”)
May 2024 for a further three-year term. Shigemitsu
provides design, decoration and renovation services to the
Food is wholly owned by Eagle Sky International
Group’s chain restaurants in Hong Kong.
Limited, which is in turn owned by Mr. Katsuaki
Shigemitsu and Shigemitsu as to 60% and 30%
Design Union is jointly owned by Mr. Poon Ka Man, Jason
respectively. Pursuant to the Supply Agreement (PRC),
and his wife. Mr. Poon Ka Man, Jason is the younger brother
Shigemitsu Food agrees to sell materials and supplies
of Ms. Poon Wai and Ms. Ng Minna is his niece. He is also
which are required by the Group for the operation
an executive Director of the Company.
of the Franchise Business in the PRC, including the
soup base and other goods.
A framework agreement was entered into between Design
Union and the Group on 8 March 2007 (the “Design Union
The annual cap set for the Group’s total amount
Agreement”). As the Group intended to continue carrying
payable to Shigemitsu under the Supply Agreement
out the transactions under the Design Union Agreement,
and the Supply Agreement (PRC) for the year ended
the Group renewed the Design Union Agreement with
31 December 2025 is RMB40,233,000. The actual
Design Union on 14 May 2024 for a further three-year
amount payable for the year ended 31 December
term. Pursuant to the Design Union Agreement, Design
2025 was approximately RMB31,298,000.
Union agrees to provide services and materials for design,
decoration and renovation for restaurants operated or to
3. Sales agreement between Fortune Choice
be operated by the Group in Hong Kong.
and Shigemitsu
Fortune Choice and Shigemitsu entered into a sales The annual cap set for the amount payable by the Group
agreement on 23 March 2006 (the “Sales Agreement”). to Design Union under the Design Union Agreement for
As the Group intended to continue carrying out the the year ended 31 December 2025 is RMB5,588,000. The
transactions under the Sales Agreement, the Group Group has had no transaction with Design Union for the
renewed the Sales Agreement with Fortune Choice on year ended 31 December 2025.
14 May 2024 for a further three-year term. Pursuant
to Sales Agreement, Fortune Choice agrees to sell
and export various goods to Shigemitsu, including
fried onion crispy packs, fried garlic crispy packs and
other sundry items.
90 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 93 =====
Report of the Directors
Pursuant to Rule 14A.55 of the Listing Rules, the INEDs (2) for transactions involving the provision of goods or
have reviewed the above continuing connected transactions services by the Group, nothing has come to their
during the year and confirmed that the transactions have attention that causes them to believe that the
been entered into: transactions were not, in all material respects, in
accordance with the pricing policies of the Company;
(i) in the ordinary and usual course of the business of
the Group; (3) nothing has come to their attention that causes them
to believe that the transactions were not entered
(ii) either on normal commercial terms or on terms no into, in all material respects, in accordance with the
less favourable to the Group than terms available to relevant agreements governing such transactions; and
or from independent third parties; and
(4) with respect to the aggregate amount of each of
(iii) in accordance with the relevant agreements governing the continuing connected transactions set out above,
them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in nothing has come to their attention that causes them
the interests of the shareholders of the Company as to believe that the above continuing connected
a whole. transactions have exceeded the annual cap as set by
the Company.
Pursuant to Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, the auditor
of the Company has performed certain pre-determined As Mr. Poon Ka Man, Jason and Mr. Katsuaki Shigemitsu have
procedures and reported their findings regarding the interests in the above continuing connected transactions,
continuing connected transactions entered into by the they have abstained from physically attending meetings or
Group set out above for the year ended 31 December have abstained from voting on any such board resolution of
2025 and stated that: the Group in relation to the relevant continuing connected
transactions.
(1) nothing has come to their attention that causes
them to believe that the above continuing connected The Group confirms that it will comply or continue to
transactions have not been approved by the comply with the relevant provisions of Chapter 14A of
Company’s Board of Director; the Listing Rules in relation to the continuing connected
transactions of the Company.
Annual Report 2025 91


===== PAGE 94 =====
Report of the Directors
Apart from the above continuing connected transactions, be used by Weiqian Noodle as its office. Pursuant to the
the related party transaction with Ms. Poon as disclosed lease agreement, the monthly rent payable to Ms. Poon
in note 41 to the consolidated financial statements also amounts to RMB15,767.5. The total monthly rents of the
constitutes continuing connected transaction as defined office premises incurred during the period from 1 January
in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. However, it is exempt 2025 to 31 December 2025 were RMB189,210.
from the reporting, annual review, announcement and
independent shareholders’ approval requirements under On 30 June 2025, Shanghai Lead Food & Restaurant
Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The other related party Management Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Lead Food”), an indirect
transactions set out in note 41 to the consolidated financial wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and JILIN
statements did not constitute connected transactions or Property 1 S.A. (“JILIN Property”, a company wholly owned
continuing connected transactions under Chapter 14A of by Ms. Poon Wai, the chairman, an executive Director and
the Listing Rules. a controlling shareholder of the Company) entered into a
renewal agreement, pursuant to which JILIN Property has
Poon Wai transactions agreed to lease the office premises located at the whole
of 18th Floor, No. 333 Middle Huaihai Road, Shanghai,
On 30 June 2023, Weiqian Noodle Food Service (Shenzhen)
the PRC (with an aggregate floor area of approximately
Co., Limited (“Weiqian Noodle Food Service”), an indirect
2,573.24 square meters) to Shanghai Lead Food upon the
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and Ms.
terms and subject to the conditions set out in the renewal
Poon Wai (the chairman, an executive Director and a
agreement for a term of three years commencing on 1
controlling shareholder of the Company) entered into a
July 2025 until 30 June 2028 (both dates inclusive). The
lease agreement, pursuant to which Ms. Poon has agreed
office premises will be used by Shanghai Lead Food as its
to lease the office premises located at Rooms 2301, 2302,
office. Pursuant to the renewal agreement, the monthly
2303, 2305, 2306, 2307 and 2309, Golden Central Tower,
rent payable to JILIN Property amounts to RMB573,000.
Futian District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, the PRC
The total rents of the office premises incurred during the
(with an aggregate floor area of approximately 813.06
period from 1 January 2025 to 31 December 2025 were
square meters) to Weiqian Noodle Food Service upon the
RMB7,038,000.
terms and subject to the conditions set out in the tenancy
agreement for a term of three years commencing on 1 July
2023 until 30 June 2026 (both dates inclusive). The office
Employee’s remuneration and
premises will be used by Weiqian Noodle Food Service as
policy
its office. Pursuant to the lease agreement, the monthly
rent payable to Ms. Poon amounts to RMB138,220.2. The
As at 31 December 2025, the Group employed 6,031
total monthly rents of the office premises incurred during
persons (31 December 2024: 7,803 persons), most of
the period from 1 January 2025 to 31 December 2025
the Group’s employees work in the chain restaurants of
were RMB1,658,642.
the Group in the PRC. The number of employees will
be changed from time to time as may be necessary and
On 30 June 2023, Weiqian Noodle (Shenzhen) Co., Limited
the remuneration will be determined by reference to the
(“Weiqian Noodle”), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary
practice of the industry.
of the Company, and Ms. Poon Wai (the chairman, an
executive Director and a controlling shareholder of the
The Remuneration Committee conducted regular reviews on
Company) entered into a lease agreement in relation to
its remuneration policy and overall remuneration payment.
office premises at Room 2308, Golden Central Tower,
Besides retirement scheme and internal training courses,
Futian District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, the PRC
employees may be granted discretionary bonus and/or share
(with an aggregate floor area of approximately 92.75 square
options based on their performances.
meters) to Weiqian Noodle upon the terms and subject
to the conditions set out in the tenancy agreement for a
term of three years commencing on 1 July 2023 until 30
June 2026 (both dates inclusive). The office premises will
92 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 95 =====
Report of the Directors
The total remuneration payment of the Group for the Sufficiency of public float
year ended 31 December 2025 was approximately
RMB490,550,000 (31 December 2024: approximately
Based on information that is publicly available to the
RMB479,456,000).
Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, the
Directors confirm that the Company has maintained the
Pursuant to code provision E.1.5 of the Code, the annual
amount of public float as required by the Listing Rules
remuneration of the members of the senior management
up to the latest practicable date prior to the issue of this
by band for the year ended 31 December 2025 is set out
annual report.
below:
Remuneration band Number of individuals Subsequent events after the
reporting period
Nil to HK$500,000 5
HK$500,001 to HK$1,000,000 1
HK$1,000,001 to HK$2,000,000 2
Save as disclosed above, all Directors are not aware of any
significant event requiring disclosure that has taken place
Details of the remuneration of each of the director of the
subsequent to 31 December 2025 and up to the date of
Company for the year ended 31 December 2025 are set
this annual report.
out in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements.
Permitted Indemnity
Subject to the applicable laws, every director of the Group’s
companies shall be entitled to be indemnified by the
relevant company against all costs, charges, losses, expenses
On behalf of the Board
and liabilities incurred by him or her in the execution and
Poon Wai
discharge of his or her duties or in relation thereto pursuant
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
to their respective articles of associations. Such provisions
were in force during the course of the financial year ended
Hong Kong, 27 March 2026
31 December 2025 and remained in force as of the date of
this annual report. The Company has taken out insurance
against the liability and costs associated with defending
any proceedings which may be brought against directors
of the Group.
Auditor
The financial statements have been audited by Deloitte
Touche Tohmatsu who retire and, being eligible, offer
themselves for re-appointment at the forthcoming AGM.
Annual Report 2025 93


===== PAGE 96 =====
Independent Auditor’s Report
TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF AJISEN (CHINA) HOLDINGS LIMITED
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
Opinion
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its
subsidiaries (collectively referred to as “the Group”) set out on pages 99 to 192, which comprise the consolidated
statement of financial position as at 31 December 2025, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the
year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy information
and other explanatory information.
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of
the Group as at 31 December 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for
the year then ended in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the
Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) as issued by the HKICPA.
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the
Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the
HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), as applicable to audits of financial statements of
public interest entities. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe
that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matter is the matter that, in our professional judgment, was of most significance in our audit of the consolidated
financial statements of the current period. The matter was addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on the matter.
94 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 97 =====
Independent Auditor’s Report
Key Audit Matters (Continued)
Key audit matter How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Estimated impairment of property, plant and
equipment and right-of-use assets
We identified the impairment of property, plant and Our procedures in relation to assess management’s
equipment and right-of-use assets as a key audit matter impairment evaluation included:
because the carrying amounts of these assets were significant
and the impairment assessment involved significant • Understanding the management’s consideration and
management judgement and estimation in determining process for identifying property, plant and equipment
the recoverable amounts of these assets. and right-of-use assets with impairment indicators;
As disclosed in note 4 to the consolidated financial • Understanding and evaluating the design and
statements, management’s assessment of whether property, implementation of key internal controls related to
plant and equipment and right-of-use assets are impaired the impairment assessment of property, plant and
requires an estimation of the recoverable amount of equipment and right-of-use assets;
individual assets or the cash generating units (“CGUs”) to
which the assets belong using a value in use calculation. In • Understanding the management’s methodology
assessing value in use, it requires significant management adopted and assessing whether the model used by
judgments and assumptions with respect to factors such as the management in calculating the value in use of the
budgeted revenue, gross margin, and discount rate, which individual cash-generating unit is in compliance with
are used to prepare cash flow projections in arriving at the Hong Kong Accounting Standard 36 “Impairment of
present value of the CGUs. Assets”; and
At 31 December 2025, the carrying amounts of the Group’s • On a sampling basis, evaluating the reasonableness of
property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets cash flow projections, including the appropriateness
amounted to RMB399,420,000 and RMB614,074,000, of the key assumptions such as budgeted revenue,
respectively, with impairment loss recognised during the gross margin, and discount rate.
year amounted to RMB2,392,000 and RMB10,947,000,
respectively.
Annual Report 2025 95


===== PAGE 98 =====
Independent Auditor’s Report
Other Information
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the
work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required
to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for the
Consolidated Financial Statements
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true
and fair view in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of
the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.
Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.
96 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 99 =====
Independent Auditor’s Report
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We
do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable
assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will
always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of
users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism
throughout the audit. We also:
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional
omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Group’s internal control.
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
related disclosures made by the directors.
• Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated
financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on
the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause
the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events
in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
• Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information
of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the group financial statements.
We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of the group
audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
Annual Report 2025 97


===== PAGE 100 =====
Independent Auditor’s Report
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements (Continued)
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing
of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during
our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our
report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
benefits of such communication.
The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Kay, Man Wo (practising certificate
number: P04540).
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
27 March 2026
98 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 101 =====
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
Other Comprehensive Income
For the year ended 31 December 2025
Year ended 31 December
2025 2024
NOTES RMB’000 RMB’000
Revenue 5 1,831,936 1,717,290
Cost of inventories consumed (421,777) (403,638)
Staff costs 10 (490,550) (479,456)
Depreciation 10 (341,370) (321,488)
Other operating expenses (513,686) (497,793)
Profit from operation 64,553 14,915
Other income 7 81,026 88,981
Impairment gain under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model,
net of reversal 550 242
Impairment loss recognised in respect of:
– property, plant and equipment 16 (2,392) (3,034)
– right-of-use assets 17 (10,947) (11,527)
– interests in associates 21 – (6,429)
Other gains and losses 8 (44,166) (110,510)
Share of loss of associates (2,260) (949)
Share of (loss) gain of a joint venture (240) 772
Finance costs 9 (24,984) (22,593)
Profit (loss) before tax 10 61,140 (50,132)
Income tax (expense) credit 12 (28,852) 34,891
Profit (loss) for the year 32,288 (15,241)
Other comprehensive (expense) income, net of income tax
Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Exchange differences arising on translation of foreign operations (29,569) 15,653
Other comprehensive (expense) income for the year,
net of income tax (29,569) 15,653
Total comprehensive income for the year 2,719 412
Annual Report 2025 99


===== PAGE 102 =====
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
Other Comprehensive Income
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
Year ended 31 December
2025 2024
NOTE RMB’000 RMB’000
Profit (loss) for the year attributable to:
Owners of the Company 28,408 (20,224)
Non-controlling interests 3,880 4,983
32,288 (15,241)
Total comprehensive income (expense) attributable to:
Owners of the Company 402 (2,845)
Non-controlling interests 2,317 3,257
2,719 412
Year ended 31 December
2025 2024
RMB RMB
Earnings (loss) per share 14
– Basic 0.03 (0.02)
– Diluted 0.03 (0.02)
100 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 103 =====
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
At 31 December 2025
31/12/2025 31/12/2024
NOTES RMB’000 RMB’000
Non-current assets
Investment properties 15 759,737 816,634
Property, plant and equipment 16 399,420 437,090
Right-of-use assets 17 614,074 566,180
Goodwill 18 1,352 1,375
Intangible assets 19 1,437 1,808
Interests in associates 21 33,469 35,763
Interest in a joint venture 22 8,353 8,593
Rental deposits 80,054 67,459
Deferred tax assets 20 43,709 34,920
Term deposits with banks 30,250 26,180
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”) 23 109,184 115,535
2,081,039 2,111,537
Current assets
Inventories 24 69,013 76,625
Trade and other receivables 25 154,168 158,817
Taxation recoverable 176 550
Restricted bank deposits 48 113
Financial assets at FVTPL 23 10,128 10,000
Bank balances and cash 26 1,669,481 1,629,653
1,903,014 1,875,758
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables 27 261,719 251,204
Lease liabilities 28 223,819 211,607
Contract liabilities 893 1,005
Amounts due to related companies 29 2,199 4,100
Amounts due to directors 29 2,609 1,111
Amounts due to non-controlling interests 29 13,542 13,551
Amount due to an associate 29 2,240 2,296
Amount due to a joint venture 29 355 323
Taxation payable 20,361 18,183
Bank borrowings 30 5,079 5,287
532,816 508,667
Net Current Assets 1,370,198 1,367,091
Total Assets less Current Liabilities 3,451,237 3,478,628
Annual Report 2025 101


===== PAGE 104 =====
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
At 31 December 2025 (Continued)
31/12/2025 31/12/2024
NOTES RMB’000 RMB’000
Non-current liabilities
Lease liabilities 28 399,110 365,029
Bank borrowings 30 24,887 29,322
Deferred tax liabilities 20 121,921 116,810
545,918 511,161
Net Assets 2,905,319 2,967,467
Capital and reserves
Share capital 31 108,404 108,404
Reserves 2,738,362 2,802,867
Equity attributable to owners of the Company 2,846,766 2,911,271
Non-controlling interests 58,553 56,196
Total Equity 2,905,319 2,967,467
The consolidated financial statements on pages 99 to 192 were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of
Directors on 27 March 2026 and are signed on its behalf by:
Poon Ka Man, Jason Ng Minna
DIRECTOR DIRECTOR
102 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 105 =====
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the year ended 31 December 2025
Attributable to owners of the Company
Share- Statutory
based Properties surplus Non-
Share Share Special payments Capital revaluation Translation reserve Other Retained controlling
capital premium reserve reserve reserve reserve reserve fund reserve profits Subtotal interests Total
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
(note a) (note b) (note c) (note d) (note f) (note e)
As at 1 January 2025 108,404 1,458,431 (234,729) 8,355 1,159 173,305 (144,328) 163,394 (10,005) 1,387,285 2,911,271 56,196 2,967,467
Profit for the year – – – – – – – – – 28,408 28,408 3,880 32,288
Other comprehensive expense
for the year – – – – – – (28,006) – – – (28,006) (1,563) (29,569)
Total comprehensive (expense)
|income for the year – – – – – – (28,006) – – 28,408 402 2,317 2,719
Transfer – – – – – – – 284 – (284) – – –
Dividends recognised as distribution
(note 13) – (65,492) – – – – – – – – (65,492) – (65,492)
Capital contribution from
non-controlling interest – – – – – – – – – – – 40 40
Recognition of share-based
payment (note 32) – – – 585 – – – – – – 585 – 585
Transfer on forfeiture and expiry of
share options (note 32) – – – (4,703) – – – – – 4,703 – – –
As at 31 December 2025 108,404 1,392,939 (234,729) 4,237 1,159 173,305 (172,334) 163,678 (10,005) 1,420,112 2,846,766 58,553 2,905,319
Annual Report 2025 103


===== PAGE 106 =====
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
Attributable to owners of the Company
Share- Statutory
based Properties surplus Non-
Share Share Special payments Capital revaluation Translation reserve Other Retained controlling
capital premium reserve reserve reserve reserve reserve fund reserve profits Subtotal interests Total
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
(note a) (note b) (note c) (note d) (note f) (note e)
As at 1 January 2024 108,404 1,545,754 (234,729) 7,414 1,159 173,305 (161,707) 160,285 (10,005) 1,410,511 3,000,391 57,535 3,057,926
(Loss) profit for the year – – – – – – – – – (20,224) (20,224) 4,983 (15,241)
Other comprehensive income
(expense) for the year – – – – – – 17,379 – – – 17,379 (1,726) 15,653
Total comprehensive income
(expense) for the year – – – – – – 17,379 – – (20,224) (2,845) 3,257 412
Transfer – – – – – – – 3,109 – (3,109) – – –
Dividends recognised as distribution
(note 13) – (87,323) – – – – – – – – (87,323) (4,596) (91,919)
Recognition of share-based payment
(note 32) – – – 1,048 – – – – – – 1,048 – 1,048
Transfer on forfeiture and expiry of
share options (note 32) – – – (107) – – – – – 107 – – –
As at 31 December 2024 108,404 1,458,431 (234,729) 8,355 1,159 173,305 (144,328) 163,394 (10,005) 1,387,285 2,911,271 56,196 2,967,467
104 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 107 =====
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
Notes:
(a) The special reserve mainly represents the aggregate of:
(i) An amount of approximately RMB41 million, representing the difference between the paid-in capital of Ajisen (China) International
Limited (“Ajisen International”) and the subsidiaries involved in the group reorganisation in 2007.
(ii) A net amount of approximately RMB45 million, arising from:
(ii.1) a share premium from the issuance of shares of Ajisen International of RMB219 million to acquire the additional interests
in subsidiaries, which resulted in a goodwill of approximately RMB36 million; and
(ii.2) an amount of approximately RMB174 million, being the difference between the fair value and the carrying amount of the
additional interests in these subsidiaries before the acquisition. This amount represents a revaluation increase in the net
assets attributable to the Group’s additional interest in the subsidiaries in 2007.
(iii) A net debit amount of approximately RMB321 million, resulting from:
(iii.1) the consideration of the acquisition cost of Luck Right Limited (“Luck Right”) and its subsidiaries from Ms. Poon Wai in 2008
which comprised a cash consideration of RMB184 million and share consideration of RMB137 million; and
(iii.2) the share capital of Luck Right.
(b) Share-based payments reserve represents fair values of share options recognised as an expense over their vesting periods on a straight-line
basis. When the share options are exercised, their fair values previously recognised in this reserve will be transferred to share premium.
If the share options are forfeited after the vesting date or remained unexercised upon expiry, the fair values of share options previously
recognised in this reserve will be transferred to retained profits.
(c) Capital reserve represents the difference between the actual contribution and the registered paid-in capital of certain subsidiaries.
(d) Properties revaluation reserve represents the difference between:
(i) the properties’ carrying amounts; and
(ii) the fair values of property interest that were previously classified as property, plant and equipment but later reclassified as investment
properties at the dates when the Group changed their intention.
(e) Other reserve arose from the acquisition of additional equity interests in a subsidiary from non-controlling interests during the year ended
31 December 2018.
(f) In accordance with the relevant laws and regulations governing foreign investment enterprises in People’s Republic of China (the”PRC”),
the Company’s subsidiaries in Mainland China (excluding Hong Kong) are required to maintain a statutory surplus reserve fund, which
is non-distributable. Appropriations to this reserve are made out of profit after taxation of the statutory financial statements of these
subsidiaries, the amounts and allocation are determined annually by their board of directors. The statutory surplus reserve fund can be
used to make up prior year losses, if any, or converted into capital through capitalisation issue.
Annual Report 2025 105


===== PAGE 108 =====
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the year ended 31 December 2025
Year ended 31 December
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000
OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit (loss) before tax 61,140 (50,132)
Adjustments for:
Fair value loss on financial assets at FVTPL 6,225 9,271
Fair value gain on financial liabilities at FVTPL – (2,127)
Fair value loss on investment properties 48,131 101,253
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment 102,457 104,399
Depreciation of right-of-use assets 238,913 217,089
Impairment loss (gain), net of reversal
– property, plant and equipment 2,392 3,034
– right-of-use assets 10,947 11,527
– interests in associates – 6,429
– financial assets under ECL model (550) (242)
Finance costs 24,984 22,593
Bank interest income (24,963) (31,112)
Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment 1,212 2,293
Net gain on termination of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities (10,361) (2,177)
Share-based payments 585 1,048
Share of loss of associates 2,260 949
Share of loss (gain) of a joint venture 240 (772)
Waive of franchise commission (6,442) (5,942)
Net foreign exchange (gain) loss (1,171) 2,627
Operating cash flows before movements in working capital 455,999 390,008
Decrease (increase) in inventories 7,405 (378)
(Increase) decrease in trade and other receivables (1,904) 19,011
Increase in trade and other payables 21,612 40,611
Decrease in contract liabilities (112) (434)
Cash generated from operations 483,000 448,818
Income tax paid (29,851) (18,873)
NET CASH FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 453,149 429,945
INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Interest received 25,223 32,037
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment 1,199 2,119
Payments for purchases of property, plant and equipment,
and right-of-use assets (82,111) (110,461)
Purchase of financial assets at FVTPL (231,376) (55,000)
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at FVTPL 231,374 71,092
Payments for rental deposits (18,762) (28,430)
Refund of rental deposits 7,103 21,723
Withdrawal of restricted bank deposits 65 15,023
Placement of term deposits with original maturity over three months (637,658) (812,759)
Withdrawal of term deposits with original maturity over three months 747,251 472,221
NET CASH FROM (USED IN) INVESTING ACTIVITIES 42,308 (392,435)
106 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 109 =====
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
Year ended 31 December
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000
FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Advance from related companies 1,651 2,274
Repayment to related companies (3,506) (35)
Advance from directors 8,991 620
Repayment to directors (7,487) (122)
Advance from (repayment to) a joint venture 32 (27)
Bank borrowings raised 11,898 –
Repayment of bank borrowings (15,739) (3,640)
Repayment of lease liabilities (257,678) (217,857)
Interest paid (786) (22,603)
Dividends paid to shareholders of the Company (65,492) (87,323)
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests – (4,596)
Contribution from non-controlling interests 40 –
NET CASH USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES (328,076) (333,309)
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 167,381 (295,799)
Cash and cash equivalents as at 1 January 840,960 1,135,414
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on bank balances
and cash held in foreign currencies (8,695) 1,345
Cash and cash equivalents as at 31 December,
represented by bank balances and cash 999,646 840,960
Annual Report 2025 107


===== PAGE 110 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
1. GENERAL INFORMATION
Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated and registered as an exempted company with
limited liability on 6 April 2006 under the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands and acts as an investment holding
company. Its shares have been listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock
Exchange”) on 30 March 2007.
Its immediate holding company is Favor Choice Group Limited, a British Virgin Islands incorporated entity, which
is wholly-owned by Anmi Holding Company Limited. Anmi Holding Company Limited is incorporated in the British
Virgin Islands and is wholly-owned by Anmi Trust, which is controlled by Ms. Poon Wai (“Ms.Poon”), the Chairwoman
and Managing Director of the Company.
The addresses of the registered office and the principal place of business of the Company are detailed in the
“Corporate Information” section to the annual report.
The principal activities of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) are operation of restaurants, manufacture
and sales of noodles and related products, and investment holding. The consolidated financial statements are
presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is also the functional currency of the Company and its Mainland China
operating subsidiaries. The functional currency of Hong Kong operating subsidiaries is Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”).
Further details of the Company’s subsidiaries are set out in note 42.
2. APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HKFRS ACCOUNTING
STANDARDS
Amendments to a HKFRS Accounting Standard that are mandatorily effective for
the current year
In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued
by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) for the first time, which are mandatorily
effective for the Group’s annual period beginning on 1 January 2025 for the preparation of the consolidated
financial statements:
Amendments to HKAS 21 Lack of Exchangeability
The application of the amendments to a HKFRS Accounting Standard in the current year has had no material impact
on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set
out in these consolidated financial statements.
108 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 111 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
2. APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HKFRS ACCOUNTING
STANDARDS (Continued)
New and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards in issue but not yet effective
The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards that have
been issued but are not yet effective:
Amendments to HKFRS 9 Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of
and HKFRS 7 Financial Instruments2
Amendments to HKFRS 9 Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity2
and HKFRS 7
Amendments to HKFRS 10 Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and
and HKAS 28 its Associate or Joint Venture1
Amendments to HKFRS Annual Improvements to HKFRS Accounting Standards
Accounting Standards – Volume 112
HKFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements3
Amendments to HKAS 21 Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation Currency3
1 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.
2 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026.
3 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027.
Except for the new HKFRS Accounting Standard mentioned below, the directors of the Company anticipate that the
application of all the amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards will have no material impact on the consolidated
financial statements in the foreseeable future.
HKFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements
HKFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements, which sets out requirements on presentation and
disclosures in financial statements, will replace HKAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements. This new HKFRS
Accounting Standard, while carrying forward many of the requirements in HKAS 1, introduces new requirements
to present specified categories and defined subtotals in the statement of profit or loss; provide disclosures
on management-defined performance measures (MPMs) in the notes to the financial statements and improve
aggregation and disaggregation of information to be disclosed in the financial statements. In addition, some HKAS
1 paragraphs have been moved to HKAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors (the
title of which will be changed to Basis of Preparation of Financial Statements upon effective of HKFRS 18) and
HKFRS 7. Minor amendments to HKAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows and HKAS 33 Earnings per Share are also made.
HKFRS 18, and amendments to other standards, will be effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January
2027, with early application permitted. HKFRS 18 requires retrospective application with specific transition provisions.
The application of the new standard is not expected to have significant impact on the financial performance and
positions of the Group in terms of recognition and measurement. However, it is expected to affect the structure
and presentation of the consolidated statement of profit or loss. Additional disclosures required for the Group’s
MPMs will be disclosed in a separate note to the consolidated financial statements.
Annual Report 2025 109


===== PAGE 112 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
3.1 Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as
issued by the HKICPA. For the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements, information
is considered material if such information is reasonably expected to influence decisions made by primary
users. In addition, the consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules
Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and by the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance.
3.2 Material accounting policy information
Basis of consolidation
The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities
controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:
• has power over the investee;
• is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and
• has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.
The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there
are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.
Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the
Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed
of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
income from the date the Group gains control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.
Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the
Company and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of the subsidiaries is attributed
to the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling
interests having a deficit balance.
When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting
policies in line with the Group’s accounting policies.
All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between
members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.
Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein, which
represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net assets of the
relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.
110 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 113 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
Changes in the Group’s interests in existing subsidiaries
Changes in the Group’s interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the Group losing control over the
subsidiaries are accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amounts of the Group’s relevant components
of equity and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative interests in
the subsidiaries.
Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted, and the fair value of
the consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to owners of the Company.
Interests in associates and a joint venture
An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the power
to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint control
over those policies.
A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have
rights to the net assets of the joint arrangement. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control
of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require unanimous consent
of the parties sharing control.
The results and assets and liabilities of associates and joint venture are incorporated in these consolidated
financial statements using the equity method of accounting. The financial statements of associates and joint
venture used for equity accounting purposes are prepared using uniform accounting policies as those of the
Group for like transactions and events in similar circumstances. Under the equity method, an investment in
an associate or a joint venture is initially recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position at
cost and adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive
income of the associate or joint venture.
An investment in an associate or a joint venture is accounted for using the equity method from the date on
which the investee becomes an associate or a joint venture. On acquisition of the interest in an associate
or a joint venture, any excess of the cost of the investment over the Group’s share of the net fair value of
the identifiable assets and liabilities of the investee is recognised as goodwill, which is included within the
carrying amount of the investment. Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable
assets and liabilities over the cost of the investment, after reassessment, is recognised immediately in profit
or loss in the period in which the investment is acquired.
Annual Report 2025 111


===== PAGE 114 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
Interests in associates and a joint venture (Continued)
The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate or a joint venture
may be impaired. When any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of the investment (including
goodwill) is tested for impairment in accordance with HKAS 36 as a single asset by comparing its recoverable
amount (higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its carrying amount. Any impairment
loss recognised is not allocated to any asset, including goodwill, that forms part of the carrying amount of
the investment. Any reversal of that impairment loss is recognised in accordance with HKAS 36 to the extent
that the recoverable amount of the investment subsequently increases.
When a group entity transacts with an associate or a joint venture of the Group, profits and losses resulting
from the transactions with the associate or joint venture are recognised in the consolidated financial statements
only to the extent of interests in the associate or joint venture that are not related to the Group.
Revenue from contracts with customers
Information about the Group’s accounting policies relating to revenue from contracts with customers is
provided in note 5.
Leases
The Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under HKFRS 16 at
inception of the contract. Such contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the contract
are subsequently changed.
The Group as a lessee
Allocation of consideration to components of a contract
For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease components,
the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative
stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.
Non-lease components are separated from lease component and are accounted for by applying other
applicable standards.
112 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 115 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
Leases (Continued)
The Group as a lessee (Continued)
Short-term leases
The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases e.g. stores, that have a lease term
of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option. Lease payments
on short-term leases are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis unless another systematic basis is
more representative of the time pattern in which economic benefits from the leased assets are consumed.
Right-of-use assets
The cost of right-of-use assets includes:
• the amounts of the initial measurement of the lease liabilities; and
• any lease payments made at or before the commencement date.
Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and
adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.
The Group presents right-of-use assets as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial
position. Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful
life and the lease term.
Refundable rental deposits
Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under HKFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value. Adjustments
to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and included in the cost of
right-of-use assets.
Lease liabilities
At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognises and measures the lease liability at the present
value of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease payments, the
Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the interest rate implicit in
the lease is not readily determinable. The incremental borrowing rate depends on the term, currency and
start date of the lease and is determined based on a series of inputs including: the risk-free rate based on
government bond rate and an entity-specific adjustment whether the risk profile of the entity that enters
into the lease is different to that of the Group.
Annual Report 2025 113


===== PAGE 116 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
Leases (Continued)
The Group as a lessee (Continued)
Lease liabilities (Continued)
The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments).
Variable lease payments that reflect changes in market rental rates are initially measured using the market
rental rates as at the commencement date. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a
rate are not included in the measurement of lease liabilities and right-of-use assets, and are recognised as
expense in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.
After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.
The Group remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related right-of-use
assets) whenever:
• the lease term has changed, in which case the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the
revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the date of reassessment.
• the lease payments change due to changes in market rental rates following a market rent review, in
which cases the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using
the initial discount rate.
• a lease contract is modified and the lease modification is not accounted for as a separate lease (see
below for the accounting policy for “lease modifications”).
The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.
Lease modifications
The Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:
• the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying
assets; and
• the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone price
for the increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to reflect the
circumstances of the particular contract.
114 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 117 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
Leases (Continued)
The Group as a lessee (Continued)
Lease modifications (Continued)
For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease liability
based on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised
discount rate at the effective date of the modification.
The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making corresponding adjustments to
the relevant right-of-use assets. When the modified contract contains a lease component and one or more
additional lease or non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the modified contract
to each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the
aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.
The Group as a lessor
Classification and measurement of leases
Leases for which the Group is a lessor are classified as operating leases.
Rental income from operating leases is recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the term of
the relevant lease. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added
to the carrying amount of the leased asset, and such costs are recognised as an expense on a straight-line
basis over the lease term except for investment properties measured under fair value model. Variable lease
payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as income when they arise.
Allocation of consideration to components of a contract
When a contract includes both leases and non-lease components, the Group applies HKFRS 15 to allocate
consideration in a contract to lease and non-lease components. Non-lease components are separated from
lease component on the basis of their relative stand-alone selling prices.
Refundable rental deposits
Refundable rental deposits received are accounted for under HKFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value.
Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments from lessees.
Lease modification
Changes in considerations of lease contracts that were not part of the original terms and conditions are
accounted for as lease modifications, including lease incentives provided through forgiveness or reduction
of rentals.
The Group accounts for a modification to an operating lease as a new lease from the effective date of the
modification, considering any prepaid or accrued lease payments relating to the original lease as part of the
lease payments for the new lease.
Annual Report 2025 115


===== PAGE 118 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
Foreign currencies
In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other than
the functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchanges prevailing
on the dates of the transactions. At the end of the reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign
currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items that are measured in
terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.
Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary
items, are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.
For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Group’s
operations are translated into the presentation currency of the Group (i.e. RMB) using exchange rates
prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Income and expenses items are translated at the average
exchange rates for the period, unless exchange rates fluctuate significantly during that period, in which case
the exchange rates at the date of transactions are used. Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognised in
other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity under the heading of translation reserve (attributed
to non-controlling interests as appropriate).
Goodwill and fair value adjustments on identifiable assets acquired arising on an acquisition of a foreign
operation are treated as assets and liabilities of that foreign operation and translated at the rate of
exchange prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Exchange differences arising are recognised in
other comprehensive income.
Borrowing costs
All borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.
Government grants
Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with
the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.
Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already
incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs
are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable. Such grants are presented
under “other income”.
116 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 119 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
Employee benefits
Retirement benefit costs
Payments to state-managed retirement benefit schemes and the Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme are
recognised as an expense when employees have rendered service entitling them to the contributions.
Short-term employee benefits
Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected to be
paid as and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are recognised as an
expense unless another HKFRS Accounting Standard requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the
cost of an asset.
A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries) after deducting any
amount already paid.
Share-based payments
Equity-settled share-based payment transactions
Share options granted to employees
Equity-settled share-based payments to employees are measured at the fair value of the equity instruments
at the grant date.
The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant date without taking into
consideration all non-market vesting conditions is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period,
based on the Group’s estimate of equity instruments that will eventually vest, with a corresponding increase
in equity (share-based payments reserve). At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimate
of the number of equity instruments expected to vest based on assessment of all relevant non-market vesting
conditions. The impact of the revision of the original estimate, if any, is recognised in profit or loss such that
the cumulative expense reflects the revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to the share-based
payments reserve.
When share options are exercised, the amount previously recognised in share-based payments reserve will
be transferred to share premium. When the share options are forfeited after the vesting date or are still
not exercised at the expiry date, the amount previously recognised in share-based payments reserve will be
transferred to retained profits.
Annual Report 2025 117


===== PAGE 120 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
Taxation
Income tax expense represents the sum of current and deferred income tax expense.
The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit/(loss)
before tax because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that are
never taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been
enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.
Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in
the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable
profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax
assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable
that taxable profits will be available against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilised.
Such deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial
recognition (other than in a business combination) of assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither
the taxable profit nor the accounting profit and at the time of the transaction does not give rise to equal
taxable and deductible temporary differences. In addition, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if the
temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of goodwill.
Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with interests in subsidiaries,
associates and a joint venture, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary
difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred
tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such interests are only recognised to
the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilise the benefits
of the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.
The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to
the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of
the asset to be recovered.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in
which the liability is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rate (and tax laws) that have been enacted
or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.
118 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 121 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
Taxation (Continued)
The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from
the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying
amount of its assets and liabilities.
For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for investment properties that are measured using the fair value
model, the carrying amounts of such properties are presumed to be recovered entirely through sale, unless
the presumption is rebutted. The presumption is rebutted when the investment property is depreciable and
is held within a business model whose objective is to consume substantially all of the economic benefits
embodied in the investment property over time, rather than through sale.
For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises the
right-of-use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax deductions
are attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.
For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group
applies HKAS 12 requirements to the lease liabilities and the related assets separately. The Group recognises
a deferred tax asset related to lease liabilities to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be
available against which the deductible temporary difference can be utilised and a deferred tax liability for
all taxable temporary differences.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax
assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same taxable entity
by the same taxation authority.
Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are recognised
in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred tax are also
recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively. Where current tax or deferred
tax arises from the initial accounting for a business combination, the tax effect is included in the accounting
for the business combination.
Annual Report 2025 119


===== PAGE 122 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
Property, plant and equipment
Property, plant and equipment are tangible assets that are held for use in the production or supply of goods
or services, or for administrative purposes (other than properties under construction as described below).
Property, plant and equipment are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost less
subsequent accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated impairment losses, if any.
Leasehold improvements, plant and machinery in the course of construction for production, supply or
administrative purposes are carried at cost, less any recognised impairment loss. Costs include any costs
directly attributable to bringing the asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of
operating in the manner intended by management, including costs of testing whether the related assets is
functioning properly. Depreciation of these assets, on the same basis as other property assets, commences
when the assets are ready for their intended use.
If a property becomes an investment property because its use has changed as evidenced by end of owner-
occupation, any difference between the carrying amount and the fair value of that item (including the relevant
leasehold land classified as right-of-use assets) at the date of transfer is recognised in other comprehensive
income and accumulated in properties revaluation reserve. On the subsequent sale or retirement of the
property, the relevant revaluation reserve will be transferred directly to retained profits.
Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of assets other than properties under construction over
their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method. The estimated useful lives and depreciation method
are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for
on a prospective basis.
An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic
benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal
or retirement of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales
proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.
Investment properties
Investment properties are properties held to earn rentals and/or for capital appreciation.
Investment properties are initially measured at cost, including any directly attributable expenditure. Subsequent
to initial recognition, investment properties are measured at fair value, adjusted to exclude any prepaid or
accrued operating lease income.
Gains or losses arising from changes in the fair value of investment properties are included in profit or loss
for the period in which they arise.
120 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 123 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
Investment properties (Continued)
An investment property is derecognised upon disposal or when the investment property is permanently
withdrawn from use and no future economic benefits are expected from its disposal. Any gain or loss arising
on derecognition of the property (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the
carrying amount of the asset) is included in profit or loss in the period in which the property is derecognised.
If a property becomes an owner-occupied property because its use has been changed as evidenced by
commencement of owner-occupation, the fair value of the property at the date of change in use is considered
as the deemed cost for subsequent accounting.
Intangible assets
Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at costs less accumulated
amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation for intangible assets with finite useful
lives is recognised on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The estimated useful life and
amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in
estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives that are
acquired separately are carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated impairment losses.
Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets
other than goodwill
At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property, plant and
equipment and right-of-use assets to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered
an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the relevant asset is estimated
in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any). Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives
are tested for impairment at least annually, and whenever there is an indication that they may be impaired.
The recoverable amount of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets are
estimated individually. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the Group
estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.
In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, corporate assets are allocated to the relevant cash-generating
unit when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established, or otherwise they are allocated
to the smallest group of CGUs for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis can be established. The
recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units to which
the corporate asset belongs, and is compared with the carrying amount of the relevant cash-generating unit
or group of cash-generating units.
Annual Report 2025 121


===== PAGE 124 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets
other than goodwill (Continued)
Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value in
use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that
reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset (or a cash-
generating unit) for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.
If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying
amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or a cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount.
For corporate assets or portion of corporate assets which cannot be allocated on a reasonable and consistent
basis to a cash-generating unit, the Group compares the carrying amount of a group of cash-generating units,
including the carrying amounts of the corporate assets or portion of corporate assets allocated to that group
of cash-generating units, with the recoverable amount of the group of cash-generating units. In allocating
the impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill
(if applicable) and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset
in the unit or the group of cash-generating units. The carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below
the highest of its fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable), its value in use (if determinable) and zero.
The amount of the impairment loss that would otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro
rata to the other assets of the unit or the group of cash-generating units. An impairment loss is recognised
immediately in profit or loss.
Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-generating unit or
a group of cash-generating units) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that
the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had
no impairment loss been recognised for the asset (or a cash-generating unit or a group of cash-generating
units) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.
Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents include:
(a) cash, which comprises of cash on hand and demand deposits, excluding bank balances that are subject
to regulatory restrictions that result in such balances no longer meeting the definition of cash; and
(b) cash equivalents, which comprises of short-term (generally with original maturity of three months
or less), highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to a known amount of cash and which
are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. Cash equivalents are held for the purpose of
meeting short-term cash commitments rather than for investment or other purposes.
For the purposes of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and
cash equivalents as defined above.
122 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 125 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
Inventories
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs of inventories are determined on
a weighted average method. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price for inventories less
all estimated costs of completion and costs necessary to make the sale. Costs necessary to make the sale
include incremental costs directly attributable to the sale and non-incremental costs which the Group must
incur to make the sale, including costs to be incurred in marketing, selling and distribution.
Financial instruments
Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the contractual
provisions of the instrument.
Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivables arising
from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with HKFRS 15. Transaction costs
that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets (other than financial assets at FVTPL)
are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets, as appropriate, on initial recognition.
Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets at FVTPL are recognised immediately
in profit or loss.
The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial
liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest
rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees and points
paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums
or discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a
shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.
Financial assets
All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis.
Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within
the time frame established generally by regulation or convention in the market place concerned.
All recognised financial assets are measured subsequently in their entirety at either amortised cost or fair
value, depending on the classification of the financial assets.
Annual Report 2025 123


===== PAGE 126 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
Financial instruments (Continued)
Financial assets (Continued)
Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:
• the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows;
and
• the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL.
(i) Amortised cost and interest income
Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured
subsequently at amortised cost. Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to
the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently become
credit-impaired (see below). For financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest
income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset
from the next reporting period. If the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves
so that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the
effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning of the
reporting period following the determination that the asset is no longer credit-impaired.
(ii) Financial assets at FVTPL
Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost are measured at FVTPL.
Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with any
fair value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss. The net gain or loss recognised in profit or loss
includes any dividend or interest earned on the financial asset and is included in the “other gains and
losses” line item.
124 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 127 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
Financial instruments (Continued)
Financial assets (Continued)
Impairment of financial assets and other item subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9
The Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on financial assets (including trade and other
receivables, rental deposits, bank balances and cash (including term deposits), restricted bank deposits and
loan to an associate), and other item (including lease receivables) which are subject to impairment assessment
under HKFRS 9. The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since
initial recognition.
Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of
the relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of lifetime ECL
that is expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date.
Assessments are done based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are
specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of past events and current conditions
at the reporting date as well as the forecast of future economic conditions.
The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables and lease receivables.
For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless there has been a
significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, in which case the Group recognises lifetime ECL. The
assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant increases in the likelihood
or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.
(i) Significant increase in credit risk
In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group
compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the
risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making
this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable
and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that is available
without undue cost or effort. Forward-looking information considered includes the future prospects
of the industries in which the Group’s debtors operate, obtained from economic expert reports and
governmental bodies, as well as consideration of various external sources of actual and forecast economic
information that relate to the Group’s core operations.
Annual Report 2025 125


===== PAGE 128 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
Financial instruments (Continued)
Financial assets (Continued)
Impairment of financial assets and other item subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9 (Continued)
(i) Significant increase in credit risk (Continued)
In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has
increased significantly:
• an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available)
or internal credit rating;
• significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk;
• existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected
to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;
• an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;
• an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological
environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet
its debt obligations.
Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk has
increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days
past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.
Despite the foregoing, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a debt instrument has not increased
significantly since initial recognition if the debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk at the
reporting date. A debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk if (i) it has a low risk of default,
(ii) the borrower has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term
and (iii) adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the longer term may, but will not
necessarily, reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfil its contractual cash flow obligations. The Group
considers a debt instrument to have low credit risk when it has an internal or external credit rating of
“investment grade” as per globally understood definitions.
The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a
significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable
of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.
126 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 129 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
Financial instruments (Continued)
Financial assets (Continued)
Impairment of financial assets and other item subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9 (Continued)
(ii) Definition of default
For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when information
developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its
creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any collaterals held by the Group).
Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is more
than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate
that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.
(iii) Credit-impaired financial assets
A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the
estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is
credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:
(a) significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;
(b) a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;
(c) the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s
financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not
otherwise consider; or
(d) it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation.
(iv) Write-off policy
The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty
is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when the
counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings. Financial
assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery procedures,
taking into account legal advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any
subsequent recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.
Annual Report 2025 127


===== PAGE 130 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
Financial instruments (Continued)
Financial assets (Continued)
Impairment of financial assets and other item subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9 (Continued)
(v) Measurement and recognition of ECL
The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude
of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of
default and loss given default is based on historical data and forward-looking information. Estimation
of ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined with the respective
risks of default occurring as the weights. The Group uses a practical expedient in estimating ECL on
trade receivables using a provision matrix taking into consideration historical credit loss experience,
adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and forward-looking
information, including time value of money where appropriate, that is available without undue cost
or effort.
Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in
accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at
the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition. For a lease receivable, the cash flows used
for determining the ECL is consistent with the cash flows used in measuring the lease receivable in
accordance with HKFRS 16.
Lifetime ECL for certain trade receivables and lease receivables are considered on a collective basis
taking into consideration past due information and relevant credit information such as forward-looking
macroeconomic information.
For collective assessment, the Group takes into consideration the following characteristics when
formulating the grouping:
• Past-due status;
• Nature, size and industry of debtors.
The grouping is regularly reviewed by the management to ensure the constituents of each group
continue to share similar credit risk characteristics.
Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the
financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on amortised cost
of the financial asset.
The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by adjusting
their carrying amount, with the exception of trade receivables, other receivables and lease receivables
where the corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance account.
128 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 131 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
Financial instruments (Continued)
Financial assets (Continued)
Foreign exchange gains and losses
The carrying amount of financial assets that are denominated in a foreign currency is determined in that
foreign currency and translated at the spot rate at the end of each reporting period. Specifically:
• For financial assets measured at amortised cost, exchange differences are recognised in profit or loss
in the ‘Other gains and losses’ line item as part of the net foreign exchange gains/(losses);
• For financial assets measured at FVTPL, exchange differences are recognised in profit or loss in the
‘Other gains and losses’ line item as part of the gain/(loss) from changes in fair value of financial assets.
Derecognition of financial assets
The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset
expire.
On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s carrying
amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss.
Financial liabilities and equity
Classification as debt or equity
Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the
substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.
Annual Report 2025 129


===== PAGE 132 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
3.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
Financial instruments (Continued)
Financial liabilities and equity (Continued)
Equity instruments
An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting
all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the proceeds received, net
of direct issue costs.
Financial liabilities
All financial liabilities the Group holds are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective
interest method.
Financial liabilities at amortised cost
Financial liabilities including bank borrowings, trade and other payables, amounts due to related companies,
amounts due to directors, amounts due to non-controlling interests, amount due to an associate and amount
due to a joint venture are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method.
Foreign exchange gains and losses
For financial liabilities that are denominated in a foreign currency and are measured at amortised cost at the
end of each reporting period, the foreign exchange gains and losses are determined based on the amortised
cost of the instruments. These foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in the ‘Other gains and
losses’ line item in profit or loss as part of net foreign exchange gains/(losses) for financial liabilities.
Derecognition of financial liabilities
The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged,
cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised
and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.
130 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 133 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in note 3, the directors of the Company
are required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and underlying assumptions are based on historical
experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting estimates
are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period
of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.
Critical judgements in applying accounting policies
The following is the critical judgement, apart from those involving estimates (see below), that the directors of the
Company have made in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies and that has the most significant
effect on the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements.
Deferred taxation on investment properties
For the purposes of measuring deferred tax arising from investment properties that are measured using the fair
value model, the directors of the Company have reviewed the Group’s investment property portfolios and concluded
that these properties are not held under a business model whose objective is to consume substantially all of their
economic benefits embodied in the investment properties over time. Therefore, in determining the deferred taxation
on investment properties located in the Mainland China, as determined by the Company’s directors, the presumption
that the carrying amounts of investment properties measured using the fair value model are recovered entirely
through sale is not rebutted. As a result, deferred tax liabilities of RMB118,967,000 have been recognised as at
31 December 2025 (2024: RMB124,248,000), including land appreciation tax (“LAT”) provided for income from
sale of properties in the Mainland China. If the final LAT differs from the initially recognised amounts, adjustments
will be made in the period when the final LAT is determined.
For investment properties located in Hong Kong, the Group’s management has not recognised any deferred taxes
on fair value changes of investment properties, as the Group is not subject to any income taxes on the fair value
gains of investment properties upon disposal.
Annual Report 2025 131


===== PAGE 134 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)
Key sources of estimation uncertainty
The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at
the end of the reporting period that may have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying
amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.
Fair value measurement of financial assets
As at 31 December 2025, certain of the Group’s financial assets amounting to RMB26,493,000 (2024: RMB34,995,000)
are measured at fair value using valuation techniques based on significant unobservable inputs. Judgements and
estimation are required in establishing relevant valuation model and inputs. Changes in assumptions related to
these factors could result in material adjustments to the fair value of these financial assets. Details are provided
in note 34(c).
For these financial assets, the Group’s management may engage a third party qualified valuer to assist with fair
value measurement. The management works closely with the qualified external valuer to ensure appropriate
valuation techniques are used. The valuation findings are reported to the board of directors of the Company (the
“Board”) regularly. Any significant fluctuations in the fair value of the related assets are required to be explained.
Estimated impairment of interests in associates
As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s management identified indication of impairment and conducted an impairment
on assessment on its interests in associates. Determining whether impairment loss should be recognised requires an
estimation of the recoverable amount of the associates, which is the higher of value in use and fair value less costs
of disposal. The fair value less costs of disposal calculation involves judgements and estimates by the management
of the Group in developing the valuation model and inputs. If change in facts and circumstances lead to a revision
of these estimates, a material reversal or additional impairment may be recognised in profit or loss for the period
when such changes occur.
As at 31 December 2025, the carrying amount of interests in associates subject to impairment assessment was
RMB33,469,000 (2024: RMB35,763,000), net of accumulated impairment losses of RMB117,102,000 (2024:
RMB117,102,000).
Deferred tax asset
As at 31 December 2025, deferred tax asset of RMB43,709,000 (2024: RMB34,920,000) was recognised in the
consolidated statement of financial position, as disclosed in note 20. The realization of this deferred tax asset mainly
depends on the availability of sufficient future taxable profits in the foreseeable future or the reversal of taxable
temporary differences within the same period as the expected reversal of the deductible temporary differences.
If actual future taxable profits differs from estimates or changes occur in assumptions, a material adjustment to
deferred tax assets may be necessary, which would be recognised in profit or loss for the period in which such
adjustment takes place.
132 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 135 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)
Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)
Estimated impairment of property, plant and equipment, and right-of-use assets
At the end of each reporting period, the Group’s management will review the Group’s property, plant and equipment,
and right-of-use assets to determine whether the carrying amount exceeds the recoverable amount of the assets.
If any such indication exists, an impairment loss is recognised. The recoverable amount of an asset is the higher of
its fair value less costs of disposal and value in use calculated based on its present value of expected future cash
flows. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset (including right-of-use
assets), the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the CGU to which the assets belongs, including allocation
of corporate assets when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established, otherwise recoverable
amount is determined at the smallest group of CGUs, for which the relevant corporate assets have been allocated.
In assessing value in use, it involves managements’ significant judgments and assumptions on budgeted revenue,
gross margin and discount rate when preparing the cash flow forecast to calculate the present value of expected
future cash flows. Where the actual future cash flows are less than expected, or change in facts and circumstances
which results in downward revision of future cash flow or upward revision of discount rate, additional impairment
loss may arise. On the contrary, a reversal of impairment loss may become necessary.
As at 31 December 2025, the carrying amounts of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets subject
to impairment assessment were RMB5,485,000 and RMB31,723,000 (2024: RMB6,411,000 and RMB39,344,000),
respectively, net of accumulated impairment losses of RMB12,457,000 and RMB49,388,000 (2024: RMB10,065,000
and RMB38,441,000) in respect of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets that have been recognised,
respectively. Details of these impairment assessment are disclosed in notes 16 and 17.
Fair values of investment properties
Investment properties are measured at fair value based on valuations performed by an external independent
professional valuer. The valuation method used to determine the fair value involves assumptions about market
conditions, which are detailed in note 15.
The directors of the Company have exercised their judgements and are satisfied that the valuation method reflect
current market conditions. However, changes in assumptions, including risks related to market fluctuations,
geopolitical and social factors, changes in policy or mortgage requirements, or other unexpected incidents, could
impact the fair values of the Group’s investment properties and result in adjustments in the consolidated statement
of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.
As at 31 December 2025, the carrying amount of the Group’s investment properties was RMB759,737,000 (2024:
RMB816,634,000).
Annual Report 2025 133


===== PAGE 136 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
5. REVENUE
(i) Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers
Year ended 31 December
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000
Operation of restaurants 1,783,789 1,649,827
Manufacture and sales of noodles and related products 48,147 67,463
1,831,936 1,717,290
Timing of revenue recognition
A point in time 1,831,936 1,717,290
(ii) Performance obligations for contracts with customers and revenue recognition
policies
For operation of restaurants, revenue is recognised when control of the goods is transferred, being the point
the customer purchases the goods at the restaurant. Payment of the transaction price is due immediately
upon purchase. Advance payments received from certain customers are recorded as contract liabilities until
control on the goods is transferred, at which point they are recognised as revenue.
Substantially all advance payments related to restaurant operations are for periods of one year or less. As
permitted under HKFRS 15, the transaction price allocated to these unsatisfied contracts is not disclosed.
During the year, revenue of RMB529,000 (2024: RMB1,080,000) was recognised from contract liabilities that
were included in the balance at the beginning of the year.
For manufacture and sales of noodles and related products, revenue is recognised when control of the goods
is transferred, being the goods are delivered to the customer’s designated location.
134 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 137 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
6. OPERATING SEGMENTS
Information reported to Ms. Poon, being the chief operating decision maker (“CODM”), for the purposes of resource
allocation and assessment of segment performance, is analysed based on operating divisions and geographical
locations. The Group is organised and specifically focuses on three operating divisions: operation of restaurants,
manufacture and sales of noodles and related products, and investment holding. No operating segments have
been aggregated in arriving at the reportable segments of the Group.
Specifically, the Group’s reportable segments under HKFRS 8 Operating Segments are as follows:
Operation of restaurants – operation of restaurants in Mainland China
– operation of restaurants in Hong Kong
Manufacture and sales of noodles – manufacture and sales of noodles and related products in
and related products Mainland China and Hong Kong
Investment holding – investments in properties, unlisted equity instruments and
fund investments, and investments in associates and
joint venture
Information regarding these segments is presented below.
Annual Report 2025 135


===== PAGE 138 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
6. OPERATING SEGMENTS (Continued)
Segment revenues and results
The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results from continuing operations by reportable segments:
For the year ended 31 December 2025
Manufacture
and sales
Operation of restaurants of noodles Total
Mainland and related Investment reportable
China Hong Kong Total products holding segments Eliminations Total
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
SEGMENT REVENUE
– External sales 1,517,938 265,851 1,783,789 48,147 – 1,831,936 – 1,831,936
– Inter-segment sales – – – 685,618 – 685,618 (685,618) –
1,517,938 265,851 1,783,789 733,765 – 2,517,554 (685,618) 1,831,936
Segment profit (loss) 86,773 5,086 91,859 2,830 (20,059)* 74,630 – 74,630
Interest income 24,963
Unallocated administrative
expenses (37,678)
Unallocated finance costs (775)
Profit before tax 61,140
Income tax expense (28,852)
Profit for the year 32,288
136 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 139 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
6. OPERATING SEGMENTS (Continued)
Segment revenues and results (Continued)
The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results from continuing operations by reportable segments:
(Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2024
Manufacture
and sales
Operation of restaurants of noodles Total
Mainland and related Investment reportable
China Hong Kong Total products holding segments Eliminations Total
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
SEGMENT REVENUE
– External sales 1,452,891 196,936 1,649,827 67,463 – 1,717,290 – 1,717,290
– Inter-segment sales – – – 619,163 – 619,163 (619,163) –
1,452,891 196,936 1,649,827 686,626 – 2,336,453 (619,163) 1,717,290
Segment profit (loss) 13,396 2,388 15,784 2,947 (60,482)* (41,751) – (41,751)
Interest income 31,112
Unallocated administrative
expenses (38,484)
Unallocated finance costs (1,009)
Loss before tax (50,132)
Income tax credit 34,891
Loss for the year (15,241)
* Segment profit (loss) in investment holding segment included share of loss of associates and a joint venture totalling RMB2,500,000
(2024: RMB177,000) for the current and prior reporting periods, respectively.
Annual Report 2025 137


===== PAGE 140 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
6. OPERATING SEGMENTS (Continued)
Other information
The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as the Group’s accounting policies described in
note 3. Segment profit (loss) represents the profit earned/loss incurred by each segment, excluding interest income,
certain administrative expenses and finance costs, and income tax credit (expense). This measure is reported to the
CODM, Ms. Poon, for resource allocation and performance assessment.
Inter-segment sales are conducted at prevailing market rates.
Total assets and total liabilities are not reported, as this financial information is not reviewed by the CODM when
evaluating performance or allocating resources across the Group’s business activities.
All of the Group’s non-current assets, including investment properties, property, plant and equipment, right-of-use
assets, goodwill, intangible assets, interests in associates (other than loan to an associate) and a joint venture, are
located within the Group entities’ regions of domicile, namely Mainland China and Hong Kong.
The following table set forth the Group’s revenue from external customers and the Group’s non-current assets by
geographical location of assets:
Revenue from external Non-current
customers assets
Year ended 31 December Year ended 31 December
2025 2024 2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
Mainland China 1,560,325 1,511,068 1,341,971 1,376,716
Hong Kong 271,611 206,222 474,521 489,343
1,831,936 1,717,290 1,816,492 1,866,059
Note: Non-current assets excluded financial assets at FVTPL, loan to an associate, rental deposits, term deposits with banks and deferred
tax assets.
None of the customers accounted for 10% or more of the total revenue of the Group during the current and
prior reporting periods.
138 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 141 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
7. OTHER INCOME
Year ended 31 December
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000
Royalty income from sub-franchisee (note i) 4,957 5,420
Gross rental income from investment properties (note ii) 38,486 42,680
Less: direct operating expenses incurred for investment properties
generating rental income during the year (1,689) (1,732)
36,797 40,948
Bank interest income 24,963 31,112
Waive of franchise commission payable to a related party (note iii) 6,442 5,942
Government grants (note iv) 1,116 2,030
Others 6,751 3,529
81,026 88,981
Notes:
(i) The Group grants franchisees the right to operate restaurants under the “Ajisen” brand for fixed contract terms. Royalty income is
recognised over time based on the amounts specified in the contract.
(ii) Property rental income is recognised on a straight-line basis over the lease terms. All leases for the years ended 31 December 2025
and 2024 were operating leases with fixed lease payments.
(iii) During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, the franchise commission payable to Shigemitsu Industry Co., Ltd (“Shigemitsu
Industry”), a related party, was waived under mutually agreed terms between the Group and Shigemitsu Industry.
(iv) In the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group recognised government grants of RMB1,116,000 (2024: RMB2,030,000), representing
subsidies received from local district authorities in the Mainland China for business activities conducted by the Group. These grants
had no specific conditions attached.
Annual Report 2025 139


===== PAGE 142 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
8. OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES
Year ended 31 December
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000
Fair value loss on investment properties (48,131) (101,253)
Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment (1,212) (2,293)
Net gain on early termination of leases 10,361 2,177
Fair value loss on financial assets at FVTPL (6,225) (9,271)
Fair value gain on financial liabilities at FVTPL – 2,127
Net foreign exchange gain (loss) 1,041 (1,997)
(44,166) (110,510)
9. FINANCE COSTS
Year ended 31 December
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000
Interest on lease liabilities 24,209 21,584
Interest on bank borrowings 775 1,009
24,984 22,593
140 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 143 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
10. PROFIT (LOSS) BEFORE TAX
Profit (loss) before tax has been arrived at after charging:
Year ended 31 December
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000
Directors’ remuneration (note 11) 4,926 4,782
Salaries, wages and other benefits 439,091 426,328
Retirement benefits scheme contributions 45,948 47,298
Share-based payment 585 1,048
Total staff costs 490,550 479,456
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment 102,457 104,399
Depreciation of right-of-use assets 238,913 217,089
Total depreciation 341,370 321,488
Auditor’s remuneration:
Audit services 2,800 3,100
Annual Report 2025 141


===== PAGE 144 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
11. DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND EMPLOYEES’ REMUNERATION
The emoluments paid or payable to directors and the chief executive are as follows:
2025 2024
Performance Retirement Performance Retirement
Salaries related benefits Salaries related benefits
and other incentive scheme and other incentive scheme
Fees benefits bonuses contributions Total Fees Benefits bonuses contributions Total
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
(note) (note)
Executive directors
Ms. Poon – 1,966 124 – 2,090 – 1,944 137 – 2,081
Ms. Ng Minna – 937 143 16 1,096 – 854 142 17 1,013
Mr. Poon Ka Man Jason – 865 64 – 929 – 854 71 – 925
Non-executive directors
Mr. Katsuaki Shigenitsu 111 – – – 111 112 – – – 112
Mr. Yew Yat On 175 – – – 175 172 – – – 172
Independent non-executive
directors
Mr. Jen Shek Voon 175 – – – 175 176 – – – 176
Mr. Peter Lo 175 – – – 175 176 – – – 176
Mr. Ho Pak Chuen Brian 175 – – – 175 127 – – – 127
811 3,768 331 16 4,926 763 3,652 350 17 4,782
Note: The performance related incentive bonuses for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 were determined based on performance
of the Group and individuals.
142 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 145 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
11. DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND EMPLOYEES’ REMUNERATION
(Continued)
Ms. Poon also serves as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and her emoluments disclosed above include
compensation for her services in this role.
The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services in managing the affairs of the Company
and the Group. The emoluments of the non-executive and independent non-executive directors were for their
services as directors of the Company.
There were no arrangements during the year under which a director or the chief executive officer waived or agreed
to waive their remuneration.
Among the five individuals with the highest emoluments in the Group, three (2024: three) were directors of the
Company, and their emoluments are included in the disclosures above. The emoluments of the remaining two
(2024: two) individuals are as follows:
Year ended 31 December
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000
Employees
– Salaries and other benefits 1,362 1,200
– Share-based payment – 30
– Retirement benefits scheme contributions 226 247
1,588 1,477
The number of the highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within the following bands is as follows:
No. of employees
2025 2024
Nil to HK$1,000,000 2 2
HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000 2 2
HK$2,000,001 to HK$2,500,000 1 1
5 5
During the current and prior reporting periods, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors or five
highest paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.
Annual Report 2025 143


===== PAGE 146 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
12. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (CREDIT)
Year ended 31 December
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000
Hong Kong Profits Tax
– Current year 1,856 2,749
– (Over) under provision in prior years (1,212) 82
644 2,831
Mainland China Income Tax
– Current year 18,685 9,227
– Under provision in prior years 543 124
19,228 9,351
Withholding tax paid 12,643 –
Deferred taxation credit (note 20) (3,663) (47,073)
28,852 (34,891)
Under the two-tiered profits tax rates regime of Hong Kong, the first HK$2 million of assessable profit for a
qualifying group entity is taxed at 8.25%, while profits above HK$2 million are taxed at 16.5%. Group entities
that do not qualify for the two-tiered profits tax rates regime continue to be taxed at a flat rate of 16.5% on
their estimated assessable profit.
In accordance with the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation Regulation
of the EIT Law, the subsidiaries in Mainland China are subject to EIT rate of 25%.
Pursuant to the relevant provincial policy, Chongqing Ajisen Catering&Culture Co.,Ltd. 重慶味千餐飲文化有限公
司 (“Chongqing Weiqian”), a subsidiary of the Group, successfully applied a preferential tax rate of 15% for a
term of 9 years from 2021 to 2030.
According to the tax law and implementation regulations in the PRC, dividends paid from net profits earned by
the operating subsidiaries in Mainland China after 1 January 2008 are subject to withholding tax at a rate of 10%,
unless a lower treaty rate applies. Under the relevant tax treaty, dividends paid to Hong Kong resident companies
are subject to a reduced withholding tax rate of 5%. Withholding tax has been provided based on the anticipated
level of dividend payout ratio of the entities in Mainland China.
144 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 147 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
12. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (CREDIT) (Continued)
Income tax expense (credit) for the year is reconciled to (loss) profit before tax as follows:
Hong Kong Mainland China Total
2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024
RMB’000 % RMB’000 % RMB’000 % RMB’000 % RMB’000 % RMB’000 %
(Loss) profit before tax (21,356) (12,960) 82,496 (37,172) 61,140 (50,132)
Tax at the applicable income tax rate (3,524) 16.5 (2,138) 16.5 20,624 25.0 (9,293) 25.0 17,100 28.0 (11,431) 22.8
Tax effect of expenses not deductible for
tax purpose 5,801 (27.2) 5,880 (45.4) 2,031 2.5 12,421 (33.4) 7,832 12.8 18,301 (36.5)
Tax effect of income not taxable for tax
purpose (2,513) 11.8 (2,482) 19.2 (563) (0.7) (193) 0.5 (3,076) (5.0) (2,675) 5.3
Tax effect of tax losses not recognised 3,573 (16.7) 2,559 (19.7) 2,188 2.7 9,198 (24.7) 5,761 9.4 11,757 (23.5)
Tax effect of deductible temporary differences
not recognised – – – – (136) (0.2) – – (136) (0.2) – –
Tax effect of utilisation of tax losses previously
not recognised (1,435) 6.7 (1,242) 9.6 (5,581) (6.8) (3,566) 9.6 (7,016) (11.5) (4,808) 9.6
Income tax at concessionary rate – – – – (2,850) (3.5) (1,620) 4.4 (2,850) (4.7) (1,620) 3.2
Withholding tax on dividends from subsidiaries
in Mainland China – – – – 15,845 19.2 2,298 (6.2) 15,845 25.9 2,298 (4.6)
(Over) under provision in prior years (1,212) 5.7 82 (0.6) 543 0.7 124 (0.3) (669) (1.1) 206 (0.4)
Others 1,239 (5.8) 69 (0.5) 153 0.2 215 (0.6) 1,392 2.3 284 (0.6)
LAT effect – – – – (5,331) (6.5) (47,203) 127.0 (5,331) (8.7) (47,203) 94.2
Tax expense (credit) and effective rate
for the year 1,929 (9.0) 2,728 (21.0) 26,923 32.6 (37,619) 101.2 28,852 47.2 (34,891) 69.6
13. DIVIDENDS
Dividends for ordinary shareholders of the Company recognised as distribution during the year:
Year ended 31 December
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000
Final, paid – RMB0.06 (HK$0.064) per share for 2024
(2024: paid – RMB0.08 (HK$0.086) per share for 2023) 65,492 87,323
Subsequent to the end of the reporting period, a final dividend and special dividend in respect of the year ended
31 December 2025 of RMB0.07 (HK$0.079) and RMB0.03 (HK$0.034), respectively, (2024: final dividend in respect
of the year ended 31 December 2024 of RMB0.06 (HK$0.064)) per ordinary share, in an aggregate amount of
RMB109,154,000 (HK$123,188,000) (2024: RMB65,492,000 (HK$69,858,000)), has been proposed by the directors
of the Company and is subject to approval by the shareholders in the annual general meeting.
Annual Report 2025 145


===== PAGE 148 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
14. EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE
The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share from continuing operations attributable to owners
of the Company is based on the following data:
Earnings (loss) figures are calculated as follows:
Year ended 31 December
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000
Earnings (loss) for the purposes of basic and diluted earnings (loss) per
share, being earnings (loss) for the year attributable to owners of
the Company 28,408 (20,224)
Number of shares
Year ended 31 December
2025 2024
Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of
calculating basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share 1,091,538,820 1,091,538,820
In respect of the year ended 31 December 2025, the computation of diluted earnings per share did not assume
the exercise of outstanding share options of the Company as the exercise price of the Company’s outstanding
options is higher than the average market price of the Company’s share.
In respect of the year ended 31 December 2024, the computation of diluted loss per share did not assume the
exercise of outstanding share options of the Company as this would result in the decrease in the loss per share.
15. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
The Group leases out various offices and warehouses under operating leases with rental payments on monthly
basis. The leases typically run for an initial period of 1 to 20 years (2024: 1 to 20 years) with extension rights
available to lessees only.
The Group is not exposed to foreign currency risk on these lease arrangements, as all leases are denominated in the
functional currencies of the respective group entities. The lease contracts do not contain residual value guarantee
and/or lessee’s option to purchase the property at the end of the lease term.
For the year ended 31 December 2025, the total cash outflow for leases amounted to RMB664,000 (2024:
RMB558,000).
146 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 149 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
15. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
Investment
Properties
RMB’000
FAIR VALUE
As at 1 January 2024 1,007,255
Exchange alignment 8,257
Transfer to property, plant and equipment (97,625)
Net decrease in fair value recognised in profit or loss (101,253)
As at 31 December 2024 816,634
Exchange alignment (8,766)
Net decrease in fair value recognised in profit or loss (48,131)
As at 31 December 2025 759,737
All of the Group’s property interests held under operating leases to earn rentals or for capital appreciation purposes
are measured using the fair value model and are classified as investment properties.
The fair value of the Group’s investment properties as at 31 December 2025 was determined based on valuations
conducted by Roma (meta) Group Limited and as at 31 December 2024 was determined based on valuations
conducted by International Valuation Limited, both are independent qualified professional valuers not connected
to the Group.
The management works closely with the qualified external valuer to determine appropriate valuation techniques
and key inputs. The Chief Financial Officer reports management’s findings to the Board, providing explanations
for any fluctuations in the fair value of the investment properties.
Details of the Group’s investment properties are as follows:
31/12/2025 31/12/2024
RMB’000 RMB’000
Commercial property units located in Hong Kong 332,385 375,325
Commercial property units located in Mainland China 427,352 441,309
759,737 816,634
In estimating the fair value of the properties, the highest and best use of the properties is their current use.
Annual Report 2025 147


===== PAGE 150 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
15. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
The table below provides details on the determination of the fair values of these investment properties as at 31
December 2025, including the valuation techniques and inputs used. It also indicates the fair value hierarchy, which
is categorised based on the degree of observability of the significant inputs.
Fair value Significant
Type hierarchy Valuation technique(s) unobservable input(s) Range
Commercial office units in Level 3 Direct comparison approach Market unit rate (note i) RMB17,546 (2024: RMB16,765)
Mainland China per square meter (“sqm”)
Income capitalisation approach Monthly market rent (note ii) RMB62.35 to RMB127.39
(2024: RMB62.66 to RMB124.40)
per sqm per month
Capitalisation rate (note iii) 5.50% to 9.70% (2024: 5.50% to 9.70%)
Industrial properties in Level 3 Direct comparison approach Market unit rate (note i) RMB7,277 to RMB7,545
Mainland China (2024: RMB7,658 to RMB7,696) per sqm
Income capitalisation approach Monthly market rent (note ii) RMB4.11 to RMB228.86
(2024: RMB5.11 to RMB282.00)
per sqm per month
Capitalisation rate (note iii) 1.40% to 9.50%
(2024: 1.65% to 9.00%)
Car parking spaces in Level 3 Direct comparison approach Market unit rate (note i) RMB444,723 (2024: RMB450,000) per unit
Mainland China
Commercial office units in Level 3 Direct comparison approach Market unit rate (note i) RMB2,507 (2024: RMB2,822) per square feet
Hong Kong (“sq ft”)
Industrial properties in Level 3 Direct comparison approach Market unit rate (note i) RMB2,505 to RMB10,855 (2024: RMB2,790 to
Hong Kong RMB20,177) per sq ft
Car parking spaces in Level 3 Direct comparison approach Market unit rate (note i) RMB1,535,000 to RMB2,168,000 (2024:
Hong Kong RMB1,482,000 to RMB2,037,000) per unit
Notes:
(i) An increase in the market unit rate used would result in an increase in fair value, and vice versa.
(ii) An increase in the market rent used would result in an increase in fair value, and vice versa.
(iii) An increase in the capitalisation rate used would result in an decrease in fair value, and vice versa.
As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group pledged certain of its investment properties as security for its
general banking facilities. Further details are set out in note 37.
148 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 151 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
16. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Furniture,
Leasehold fixtures and Motor Plant and Construction
Buildings improvements equipment vehicles machinery in progress Total
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
COST
As at 1 January 2024 453,426 923,055 201,004 7,950 387,391 1,223 1,974,049
Exchange alignment 121 2,253 125 64 684 26 3,273
Additions – 70,838 14,686 – 8,671 7,378 101,573
Transfer from investment properties 97,625 – – – – – 97,625
Transfer – 6,694 – – – (6,694) –
Disposals – (78,145) (51,658) (281) (17,225) – (147,309)
As at 31 December 2024 551,172 924,695 164,157 7,733 379,521 1,933 2,029,211
Exchange alignment (139) (2,916) (145) (74) (848) (72) (4,194)
Additions 639 38,846 12,888 – 8,944 9,198 70,515
Transfer – 7,386 – – 7 (7,393) –
Disposals – (45,740) (32,579) (247) (8,307) – (86,873)
As at 31 December 2025 551,672 922,271 144,321 7,412 379,317 3,666 2,008,659
ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION AND
IMPAIRMENT
As at 1 January 2024 228,810 889,941 179,516 6,954 319,757 – 1,624,978
Exchange alignment 57 1,764 100 56 619 11 2,607
Provided for the year 19,099 53,785 17,256 352 13,151 756 104,399
Eliminated on disposals – (75,857) (51,373) (281) (15,386) – (142,897)
Impairment loss recognised in profit or
loss (note 17) – 3,034 – – – – 3,034
As at 31 December 2024 247,966 872,667 145,499 7,081 318,141 767 1,592,121
Annual Report 2025 149


===== PAGE 152 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
16. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
Furniture,
Leasehold fixtures and Motor Plant and Construction
Buildings improvements equipment vehicles machinery in progress Total
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
Exchange alignment (66) (2,224) (117) (70) (757) (35) (3,269)
Provided for the year 19,119 53,824 17,310 241 10,770 1,193 102,457
Eliminated on disposals – (43,448) (32,479) (247) (8,288) – (84,462)
Impairment loss recognised in profit or
loss (note 17) – 2,392 – – – – 2,392
As at 31 December 2025 267,019 883,211 130,213 7,005 319,866 1,925 1,609,239
CARRYING VALUES
As at 31 December 2025 284,653 39,060 14,108 407 59,451 1,741 399,420
As at 31 December 2024 303,206 52,028 18,658 652 61,380 1,166 437,090
The above items of property, plant and equipment, except for construction in progress, are depreciated over their
useful lives, on a straight-line method at the following rates per annum:
Buildings 5%
Leasehold improvements Over the lease term
Furniture, fixtures and equipment 10% - 33%
Motor vehicles 20%
Plant and machinery 5% – 33%
The Group’s buildings which are situated in Mainland China are erected on land with medium-term leases.
As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group pledged certain of its property, plant and equipment as security
for its general banking facilities granted. Details of the asset pledge are set out in note 37.
150 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 153 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
17. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
Leased
Land use right properties Total
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
As at 31 December 2025
Carrying amount 31,357 582,717 614,074
As at 31 December 2024
Carrying amount 32,708 533,472 566,180
For the year ended 31 December 2025
Depreciation charge (1,208) (237,705) (238,913)
Exchange alignment (143) (1,422) (1,565)
For the year ended 31 December 2024
Depreciation charge (1,207) (215,882) (217,089)
Exchange alignment 128 1,178 1,306
31/12/2025 31/12/2024
RMB’000 RMB’000
Expense relating to short-term leases 20,820 12,836
Variable lease payments not included in the
measurement of lease liabilities 19,408 21,743
Total cash outflow for leases 316,668 252,436
Additions to right-of-use assets 322,961 375,971
Termination of right-of-use assets (23,642) (6,345)
Impairment loss of right-of-use assets recognised in profit or loss (10,947) (11,527)
For the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group leased various offices and chain stores for its
operations. Lease contracts were entered into for fixed term of 1 to 15 years (2024: 1 to 15 years) and negotiated
individually and varied significantly in terms and conditions. In determining the lease term and assessing the length
of the non-cancellable period, the Group applied the definition of a contract and determined the enforceable
period accordingly.
Annual Report 2025 151


===== PAGE 154 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
17. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (Continued)
Additionally, the Group owns several office and factory buildings, primarily used for its manufacturing operations.
The Group entities are the registered owner of these property interests, including the underlying leasehold lands.
Lump sum payments were made upfront to acquire these property interests. The leasehold land components of
these owned properties are presented separately only if the payments made can be allocated reliably.
The Group regularly entered into short-term leases for stores. As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the portfolio of
short-term leases is similar to the portfolio of short-term leases to which the short term lease expense disclosed above.
Variable lease payments
Leases of chain stores are either with only fixed lease payments or contain variable lease payments based on 5%
to 30% (2024: 5% to 30%) of sales, along with minimum annual fixed lease payments. These payment structures
are common for chain stores where the Group operates. The amounts of fixed and variable lease payments paid/
payable to lessors for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 are set out below:
For the year end 31 December 2025
Number of Fixed Variable Total
Stores payments payments payments
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
Chain stores without variable lease
payments 245 106,120 – 106,120
Chain stores with variable lease
payments 349 162,551 19,408 181,959
For the year end 31 December 2024
Number of Fixed Variable Total
Stores payments payments payments
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
Chain stores without variable lease
payments 230 102,806 – 102,806
Chain stores with variable lease
payments 332 118,096 21,743 139,839
The overall financial effect of using variable payment terms is that higher sales incur higher rental costs. However,
variable rental expenses are expected to account for a smaller proportion of store sales in future years.
152 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 155 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
17. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (Continued)
Restrictions or covenants on leases
As at 31 December 2025, the Group recognised lease liabilities of RMB622,929,000 (2024: RMB576,636,000)
along with related right-of-use assets of RMB582,717,000 (2024: RMB533,472,000). The lease agreements do
not impose any covenants other than the security interests held by the lessor over the leased assets. Additionally,
leased assets cannot be used as security for borrowing purposes.
Rent concessions
During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, no rent concessions were provided to the Group.
Impairment assessment
For the year ended 31 December 2025, the overall food catering market was in a recovery phase. As a result,
certain restaurants of the Group did not achieve the break-even profitability. Given this, the management identified
indicators of impairment and conducted an impairment assessment on specific property, plant and equipment,
as well as right-of-use assets. The aggregate carrying amounts of these assets totalled RMB37,208,000 (2024:
RMB45,755,000), net of accumulated impairment losses of RMB61,845,000 (2024: RMB48,506,000).
The recoverable amount of each CGU, representing each individual restaurant, has been determined using a value
in use calculation. As at 31 December 2025, this calculation is based on cash flow projections derived from financial
budgets approved by the management, covering the lease terms. The pre-tax discount rates applied were 9.12%
(2024: 9.00%) for Mainland China and of 8.67% (2024: 9.23%) for Hong Kong.
Key assumptions in the value in use calculation include budgeted revenue, gross margin and discount rate, which are
mainly determined based on the CGUs’ past performance and management’s expectations for market development.
Following the impairment assessment, management concluded that the recoverable amounts of certain CGUs or
group of CGUs were lower than their carrying amounts. The impairment loss was allocated to each category of
property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets such that the carrying amount of each category of asset
was not reduced below the highest of its fair value less cost of disposal, value in use and zero.
Based on the value in use calculation and the allocation, an impairment loss of RMB2,392,000 and RMB10,947,000
(2024: RMB3,034,000 and RMB11,527,000), was recognised against the carrying amounts of property, plant and
equipment and right-of-use assets, respectively.
Annual Report 2025 153


===== PAGE 156 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
18. GOODWILL
Group of certain Group of certain
Mainland China Hong Kong
Restaurants Restaurants
CGUs CGUs Total
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
COST
As at 1 January 2024 1,355 31,865 33,220
Exchange alignment 20 697 717
As at 31 December 2024 1,375 32,562 33,937
Exchange alignment (23) (801) (824)
As at 31 December 2025 1,352 31,761 33,113
ACCUMULATED IMPAIRMENT
As at 1 January 2024 – (31,865) (31,865)
Exchange alignment – (697) (697)
As at 31 December 2024 – (32,562) (32,562)
Exchange alignment – 801 801
As at 31 December 2025 – (31,761) (31,761)
CARRYING VALUES
As at 31 December 2025 1,352 – 1,352
As at 31 December 2024 1,375 – 1,375
As at 31 December 2025, goodwill before impairment amounting to RMB31,761,000 is allocated to the CGUs of
certain restaurants operated in Hong Kong (“the group of certain Hong Kong Restaurants CGUs”) and goodwill
amounting to RMB1,352,000 is allocated to the CGUs of certain restaurants operated in Mainland China (“the
group of certain Mainland China Restaurants CGUs”).
Based on the management’s assessment, no additional impairment loss was required for the years ended 31
December 2024 and 2025.
154 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 157 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
19. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Trademark
RMB’000
COST
As at 1 January 2024 14,359
Exchange alignment 583
As at 31 December 2024 14,942
Exchange alignment (969)
As at 31 December 2025 13,973
ACCUMULATED IMPAIRMENT
As at 1 January 2024 (12,853)
Exchange alignment (281)
As at 31 December 2024 (13,134)
Exchange alignment 598
As at 31 December 2025 (12,536)
CARRYING VALUES
As at 31 December 2025 1,437
As at 31 December 2024 1,808
The Group’s management considers the trademark has indefinite useful life, as it is expected to generate net cash
inflows indefinitely. The trademark will not be amortised until its useful life is determined to be finite. Instead, it
will be tested for impairment annually and whenever there is an indication that it may be impaired.
No additional impairment loss is required for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 as the management
of the Group is of the opinion that the carrying amounts do not exceed their recoverable amounts.
Annual Report 2025 155


===== PAGE 158 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
20. DEFERRED TAXATION
The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting purposes:
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000
Deferred tax assets 43,709 34,920
Deferred tax liabilities (121,921) (116,810)
(78,212) (81,890)
The following is the deferred tax assets (liabilities) recognised by the Group and movements thereon during the year.
Revaluation Withholding Revaluation
of properties LAT in tax on of financial Impairment
in Mainland Mainland Lease Right-of-use undistributed assets at of interests
China China liability assets dividends FVTPL in associates Tax losses Others Total
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
(note)
As at 1 January 2024 (64,536) (108,274) 95,328 (82,821) (9,530) 18,767 15,326 8,197 (1,420) (128,963)
Credit (charge) to profit or loss 1,359 47,203 37,412 (36,620) (2,298) 592 – (547) (28) 47,073
As at 31 December 2024 (63,177) (61,071) 132,740 (119,441) (11,828) 19,359 15,326 7,650 (1,448) (81,890)
(Charge) credit to profit or loss (50) 5,331 15,524 (15,528) (3,202) 1,588 – – – 3,663
Currency Realignment – – 14 – – – – – 1 15
As at 31 December 2025 (63,227) (55,740) 148,278 (134,969) (15,030) 20,947 15,326 7,650 (1,447) (78,212)
Note: As the Group’s investment properties located in Mainland China are held under a business model whose objective is to gain the
economic benefits through sale or lease, LAT is calculated and recognised on:
(i) Properties revaluation reserves (charge to other comprehensive income) when property, plant and equipment are transferred
to investment properties; and
(ii) Change in fair values of investment properties (charge to profit or loss) when fair value adjustments occur at the end of the
year.
156 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 159 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
20. DEFERRED TAXATION (Continued)
As at 31 December 2025, the Group had accumulated unutilised tax losses of approximately RMB649,430,000
(2024: RMB653,505,000) available for offset against future profits. However, no deferred tax asset has been
recognised on RMB618,831,000 (2024: RMB622,906,000) of these tax losses due to the unpredictability of future
profit streams. The unrecognised tax losses are detailed in the table below.
Year ended 31 December
31/12/2025 31/12/2024
RMB’000 RMB’000
Year of expiry
2025 – 12,912
2026 19,781 22,872
2027 9,830 19,007
2028 1,886 1,886
2029 34,419 36,792
2030 8,751 –
Indefinitely 544,164 529,437
618,831 622,906
Under the EIT Law, withholding tax is imposed on dividends declared from profits earned by subsidiaries in Mainland
China from 1 January 2008 onwards.
As at 31 December 2025, deferred tax liabilities are provided for the undistributed profits of certain operating
subsidiaries in Mainland China of RMB55,360,000 (2024: RMB36,638,000). No deferred tax liabilities have been
provided for in the consolidated financial statements in respect of temporary differences related to the undistributed
profits of subsidiaries in Mainland China, amounting to RMB1,366,406,000 (2024: RMB1,582,389,000) as in the
opinion of the management, the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of these temporary differences,
and it is probable that the temporary differences will not be reversed in the foreseeable future.
Annual Report 2025 157


===== PAGE 160 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
21. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES
31/12/2025 31/12/2024
RMB’000 RMB’000
Cost of investment in associates 161,341 161,341
Share of post-acquisition results and other comprehensive expense,
net of dividends received (12,120) (9,860)
149,221 151,481
Less: Accumulated impairment losses recognised (note i) (117,102) (117,102)
Loan to an associate (note ii) 1,350 1,384
33,469 35,763
Notes:
(i) The carrying amount of the interests in these associates was reduced to the extent of its estimated recoverable amount accordingly.
Details are set out below.
For interest in Guangzhou Yunnex Information Technology Co., Ltd.,(“Yunnex”), the recoverable amount is determined based
on fair value less costs of disposal. As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the investment in Yunnex had been fully impaired, with
accumulated impairment loss amounting to RMB49,367,000.
For another interest in associate, Jiangsu Hong Xuan Ecological Agriculture Company Limited (江蘇鴻軒生態農業有限公司), (“Hong
Xuan”), the recoverable amount is determined based on fair value less costs of disposal. As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the
investment in Hong Xuan had been fully impaired, with accumulated impairment loss amounting to RMB61,306,000.
Regarding the Group’s interest in Shenzhen Jupeng Kitchen Equipment Co., Ltd. (深圳市巨鵬廚房設備有限公司), the recoverable
amount was determined based on fair value less costs of disposal. Consequently, an impairment loss of nil (2024: RMB6,429,000)
was recognised for the year ended 31 December 2025.
(ii) Loan to an associate forms part of the net interests in the associate. The amount is unsecured, interest free and will not be repayable
within twelve months from the end of the reporting period.
All of these associates are accounted for using the equity method in these consolidated financial statements.
22. INTEREST IN A JOINT VENTURE
31/12/2025 31/12/2024
RMB’000 RMB’000
Cost of investment in a joint venture 12,858 12,858
Share of post-acquisition results and other comprehensive expense (4,505) (4,265)
8,353 8,593
Interest in a joint venture represents the Group’s 42% equity interest in Beijing Feicui Jinghua & Restaurant
Management Co., Ltd. (“Feicui Jinghua”), which is principally engaged in operating restaurants, under the joint
venture cooperation agreement with two independent third parties in 2017.
158 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 161 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
22. INTEREST IN A JOINT VENTURE (Continued)
According to its articles of association, the financial and operating policies of Feicui Jinghua are determined by
resolutions passed at its shareholders’ meeting. Although the Group holds 42% of total voting rights, a valid
resolution requires approval from more than two-thirds of total votes. Additionally, decisions regarding relevant
activities of Feicui Jinghua require unanimous consent from the Group and the other equity holders who share
control. In this regard, Feicui Jinghua is accounted for using the equity method as a joint venture in the consolidated
financial statements.
The joint venture is accounted for using the equity method in these consolidated financial statements.
23. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FVTPL
Financial assets at FVTPL
31/12/2025 31/12/2024
RMB’000 RMB’000
Current assets:
Reverse repurchase treasury bond (note i) 10,128 10,000
Non-current assets:
Unlisted equity investments and fund investments (note ii) 109,184 115,535
119,312 125,535
The components of unlisted equity instruments and fund investments are as follows:
31/12/2025 31/12/2024
RMB’000 RMB’000
Anhui Jiahua Anyuan Investment Fund Partnership
(Limited Partnership) 13,255 13,254
Guangzhou Hezhi Investment Center (Limited Partnership) 68,796 72,281
Jialan Jiahua (Tianjin) Venture Capital Fund Partnership
(Limited Partnership) 22,133 20,000
Others 5,000 10,000
109,184 115,535
Notes:
(i) During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group purchased reverse repurchase treasury bond issued by the PRC government
with interest yield rates ranging from 1.0% to 1.5% (2024: 0.5% to 5%) per annum and with maturity ranging from 2 days to 28
days (2024: 1 day to 182 days).
(ii) Financial assets at FVTPL are classified as non-current as they are neither part of the working capital used in the Group’s normal
operating cycle nor held for trading purpose, therefore the Company’s directors consider it is appropriate to classify it as non-current
as of the end of the reporting period.
Annual Report 2025 159


===== PAGE 162 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
24. INVENTORIES
31/12/2025 31/12/2024
RMB’000 RMB’000
Raw materials and consumables 59,345 66,253
Work in progress 170 107
Finished goods 9,498 10,265
69,013 76,625
25. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
31/12/2025 31/12/2024
RMB’000 RMB’000
Trade receivables
– contracts with customers (third parties) 16,757 18,115
Less: allowance for credit losses (951) (1,637)
15,806 16,478
Other receivables
Value added tax recoverable 53,370 46,947
Rental and utility deposits 34,650 36,216
Advance to suppliers 19,524 19,592
Prepaid management fee and property rental (note) 12,946 14,636
Lease receivables 2,922 11,741
Prepayments 6,028 6,247
Staff advance 4,166 5,869
Others 5,052 10,859
138,658 152,107
Less: allowance for credit losses (296) (9,768)
138,362 142,339
154,168 158,817
As at 1 January 2024, trade receivables from contracts with customers amounted to RMB32,989,000.
Note: The prepaid property rentals are related to short-term leases.
160 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 163 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
25. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
Customers relating to manufacture and sales of noodles and related products are normally granted a credit period
of 0 to 90 days (2024: 0 to 90 days) upon issuance of invoices, except for certain well established customers, their
credit terms may up to 180 days (2024: 180 days). There is no credit period for customers relating to sales from
operation of restaurants, unless when the payments are made through online electronic payment platforms, in
which case the trade receivables from these online electronic payment platforms are normally settled within 7 days.
At the end of the reporting period, the aged analysis of trade receivables, net of allowance for credit losses,
presented based on the invoice dates for manufacture and sales of noodles and related products, and based on
transaction dates in respect of sales from operation of restaurant, is as follows:
31/12/2025 31/12/2024
RMB’000 RMB’000
0 to 30 days 12,837 15,363
31 to 60 days 917 537
61 to 90 days 1,458 160
91 to 180 days 561 132
180 to 365 days 33 286
15,806 16,478
As at 31 December 2025, of the Group’s trade receivables are debtors with gross carrying amount of RMB704,000
(2024: RMB983,000) which are past due 90 days or more as at the reporting date. These past due balances are not
considered as default as the Group’s management considered that these balances are mainly due from customers
with good credit quality. The Group does not hold any collateral over these balances.
Details of impairment assessment of trade and other receivables are set out in note 34.
Annual Report 2025 161


===== PAGE 164 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
26. BANK BALANCES AND CASH
31/12/2025 31/12/2024
RMB’000 RMB’000
Term deposits with banks 745,518 792,993
Cash at bank and in hand 923,963 836,660
Total 1,669,481 1,629,653
Less: Ter m deposits with banks over three months of
maturity at acquisition (669,835) (788,693)
Cash and cash equivalents 999,646 840,960
Cash and cash equivalents comprise demand deposits and short-term deposits, which are held for the purpose
of meeting the Group’s short term cash commitments. Term deposits and bank balances carry interest at market
rates, ranging from 0.001% to 4.37% (2024: 0.001% to 5.65%) per annum.
The Group’s bank balances and cash that are denominated in currency other than the functional currencies of the
relevant group entities, are set out below:
31/12/2025 31/12/2024
RMB’000 RMB’000
– US$ 307,203 266,492
162 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 165 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
27. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
31/12/2025 31/12/2024
RMB’000 RMB’000
Trade payables
– related parties (note) 27,738 34,826
– third parties 76,935 62,566
104,673 97,392
Other payables
Payroll and welfare payables 46,928 40,201
Rental deposits received 15,762 19,337
Payable for acquisition of property, plant and equipment 22,375 27,019
Payable for variable lease payments 11,469 12,021
Other taxes payable 7,630 7,404
Others 52,882 47,830
261,719 251,204
Note: The related parties are the companies in which Mr. Katsuaki Shigemitsu, a director and shareholder of the Company, has controlling
interests.
The average credit period for purchase of goods is 60 days (2024: 60 days). The following is an aged analysis of
trade payables, presented based on invoice dates, as of the end of the reporting period:
31/12/2025 31/12/2024
RMB’000 RMB’000
0 to 30 days 79,641 76,648
31 to 60 days 15,389 15,619
61 to 90 days 2,558 198
91 to 180 days 1,957 372
Over 180 days 5,128 4,555
104,673 97,392
Annual Report 2025 163


===== PAGE 166 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
28. LEASE LIABILITIES
31/12/2025 31/12/2024
RMB’000 RMB’000
Lease liabilities payable:
Within one year 223,819 211,607
In more than one year but not more than two years 165,332 156,880
In more than two years but not more than five years 226,264 201,288
In more than five years 7,514 6,861
622,929 576,636
Less: A m ount due for settlement within 12 months shown
under current liabilities (223,819) (211,607)
Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown under
non-current liabilities 399,110 365,029
The incremental borrowing rates applied to lease liabilities range from 3.38% to 3.78% (2024: 3.18% to 5.17%)
All lease obligations are denominated in the functional currencies of the relevant group entities.
29. AMOUNT(S) DUE TO RELATED COMPANIES/DIRECTORS/NON-
CONTROLLING INTERESTS/AN ASSOCIATE/A JOINT VENTURE
The amounts due to related companies are unsecured, non-trade related, interest-free and repayable on demand.
Either Ms. Poon or Mr. Katsuaki Shigemitsu has controlling interest over these related companies.
The amount(s) due to directors/non-controlling interests/an associate/a joint venture are unsecured, non-trade
related, interest-free and repayable on demand.
164 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 167 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
30. BANK BORROWINGS
31/12/2025 31/12/2024
RMB’000 RMB’000
Secured bank borrowings with carrying amounts repayable:
Within one year or repayable on demand 5,079 5,287
In more than one year but not more than two years 5,183 5,395
In more than two years but not more than five years 16,191 16,853
In more than five years 3,513 7,074
29,966 34,609
Less: Amounts due within one year shown under current liabilities (5,079) (5,287)
Amounts shown under non-current liabilities 24,887 29,322
The amounts due are based on scheduled repayment dates set out in the loan agreements.
The carrying amounts of the Group’s bank borrowings are analysed as follows:
Denominated in Interest rate 31/12/2025 31/12/2024
RMB’000 RMB’000
HK$ Prime rate of the counterparty bank
minus 3.25% (2024: prime rate of the
counterparty bank minus 3.25%) 26,946 31,150
HK$ Prime rate of the counterparty bank
minus 2.8% (2024: prime rate of the
counterparty bank minus 2.8%) 3,020 3,459
29,966 34,609
Annual Report 2025 165


===== PAGE 168 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
30. BANK BORROWINGS (Continued)
Loan covenants
As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s bank borrowings with carrying amounts of RMB26,946,000 (2024:
RMB31,150,000) are subject to the following financial covenants that are required to be met throughout the
duration of the loans or until repayment:
• The loan-to-value ratio (i.e. the aggregate outstanding of banking facilities over the market value of the
mortgaged properties as determined by the bank from time to time) shall not exceed 65%. Otherwise,
subsidiaries of the Company is required to provide additional security acceptable to the bank and/or repay
the outstanding loan balance within the agreed time limit so as to maintain the loan-to-value ratio at 50%
or below.
In respect of bank borrowings with carrying amounts of RMB3,020,000 as at 31 December 2025 (2024: RMB3,459,000),
the associated financial covenants are as follows:
• The loan-to-value ratio (i.e. the ratio of aggregate outstanding amount of the banking facilities to the current
market value (in the opinion of the Bank’s approved valuer) of the property) shall not exceed 50%. Otherwise,
a subsidiary of the Company shall provide additional security acceptable to the bank or repay the outstanding
balance within one month upon receipt the notice from the bank so as to restore the loan-to-value ratio at
40% or below in any event if the loan-to-value ratio exceeds 50%.
The Group has fully complied with these covenants throughout the reporting period.
The weighted average effective interest rate on the bank borrowings is analysed as follows:
31/12/2025 31/12/2024
Denominated in HK$ 2.24% 2.75%
Detail of the assets of the Group as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 that have been pledged as collateral to secure
general bank facilities are set out in note 37.
166 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 169 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
31. SHARE CAPITAL
Number of shares Share capital
HKD’000
Authorised:
Ordinary shares of HK$0.10 each
At 1 January 2024, 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2025 10,000,000,000 1,000,000
Number of shares Share capital
RMB’000
Issued and fully paid:
At 1 January 2024, 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2025 1,091,538,820 108,404
32. SHARE OPTION SCHEMES
The Company adopted a share option scheme (the “Share Option Scheme”). The purpose of the Share Option
Scheme is to enable the Company to grant option to the eligible participants in recognition of their contribution
made or to be made to the Group. Under the Share Option Scheme, the Board may offer to grant an option to
any director or employee, or any advisor, consultant, individual or entity who in the opinion of the Board has
contributed or will contribute to the growth and development of the Group.
The total number of shares issued which may fall to be issued upon exercise of the options granted pursuant to
the Share Option Scheme to an eligible participant in any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the number of
shares in issue unless approved by shareholders in a general meeting. The maximum number of shares that may
be granted under the Share Option Scheme shall not exceed 10% of the total number of shares in issue at the
date the Share Option Scheme was, i.e. a total of 109,153,882 shares.
No consideration is required for the grant of the options. The exercise price of a share under the Share Option
Scheme is determined by the Board provided that it shall not be lower than the higher of: (i) the closing price of
the shares as stated in the daily quotation sheet of the Stock Exchange on the date of grant, and (ii) the average
closing price of the shares as stated in the daily quotation sheet of the Stock Exchange for the 5 business days
immediately preceding the date of grant, and (iii) the nominal value of the shares.
Annual Report 2025 167


===== PAGE 170 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
32. SHARE OPTION SCHEMES (Continued)
Details of specific categories of options are as follows:
Grant Date Vesting Period Expected Life Exercise Price
Employees
8 January 2015 8 January 2016 to 7 January 2021 8 January 2015 to 7 January 2025 HK$5.900
17 April 2015 17 April 2016 to 16 April 2024 17 April 2015 to 16 April 2025 HK$5.060
2 July 2015 2 July 2016 to 1 July 2021 2 July 2015 to 1 July 2025 HK$4.104
19 July 2017 19 July 2018 to 18 July 2023 19 July 2017 to 18 July 2027 HK$3.504
1 June 2018 1 June 2019 to 31 May 2024 1 June 2018 to 31 May 2028 HK$3.256
14 January 2019 14 January 2020 to 13 January 2025 14 January 2019 to 13 January 2029 HK$2.214
3 June 2019 3 June 2020 to 2 June 2025 3 June 2019 to 2 June 2029 HK$3.322
27 August 2020 27 August 2021 to 26 August 2026 27 August 2020 to 26 August 2030 HK$1.250
8 April 2021 8 April 2022 to 7 April 2027 8 April 2021 to 7 April 2031 HK$1.300
1 November 2021 1 November 2022 to 31 October 2027 1 November 2021 to 31 October 2031 HK$1.344
12 July 2024 12 July 2025 to 11 July 2030 12 July 2024 to 11 July 2034 HK$1.010
Details of the movements of the Company’s Share Option Scheme during the years ended 31 December 2025 and
2024 are set out below.
For the year ended 31 December 2025
Outstanding at Granted Exercised Expired Forfeited Outstanding at
1 January during during during during 31 December
Grant date 2025 the year the year the year the year 2025
Employees
8 January 2015 150,000 – – – (150,000) –
17 April 2015 900,000 – – – (900,000) –
2 July 2015 1,420,000 – – – (1,420,000) –
19 July 2017 500,000 – – – – 500,000
1 June 2018 1,400,000 – – – (700,000) 700,000
14 January 2019 55,000 – – – – 55,000
3 June 2019 200,000 – – – – 200,000
27 August 2020 700,000 – – – – 700,000
1 November 2021 23,201,000 – – – (2,610,000) 20,591,000
12 July 2024 1,000,000 – – – (500,000) 500,000
29,526,000 – – – (6,280,000) 23,246,000
Exercisable at the end of the year 19,105,600 18,727,800
Weighted average exercise price
(HK$) 1.74 – – – 2.80 1.46
168 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 171 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
32. SHARE OPTION SCHEMES (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2024
Outstanding at Granted Exercised Expired Forfeited Outstanding at
1 January during during during during 31 December
Grant date 2024 the year the year the year the year 2024
Employees
8 January 2015 150,000 – – – – 150,000
17 April 2015 900,000 – – – – 900,000
2 July 2015 1,420,000 – – – – 1,420,000
19 July 2017 500,000 – – – – 500,000
1 June 2018 1,600,000 – – – (200,000) 1,400,000
14 January 2019 55,000 – – – – 55,000
3 June 2019 200,000 – – – – 200,000
27 August 2020 700,000 – – – – 700,000
8 April 2021 500,000 – – – (500,000) –
1 November 2021 25,516,000 – – – (2,315,000) 23,201,000
12 July 2024 – 1,000,000 – – – 1,000,000
31,541,000 1,000,000 – – (3,015,000) 29,526,000
Exercisable at the end of the year 15,600,400 19,105,600
Weighted average exercise price
(HK$) 1.74 1.01 – – 1.46 1.74
For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group recognised total expense in the amount of RMB585,000 (2024:
RMB1,048,000) for share options granted by the Company under the Share Option Scheme. The Group transferred
the expense of RMB4,703,000 (2024: RMB107,000) previously recognised in share-based payments reserve to
retained profits, upon the forfeiture of share options after the vesting date.
Annual Report 2025 169


===== PAGE 172 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
33. INFORMATION OF THE STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE
COMPANY
31/12/2025 31/12/2024
RMB’000 RMB’000
Non-current asset
Interests in a subsidiary 60,506 60,506
60,506 60,506
Current assets
Bank balances and cash 1,126 725
Dividend receivable – 239,998
1,126 240,723
Current liabilities
Amounts due to subsidiaries 23,967 196,676
Other payables 2,514 2,849
26,481 199,525
Net current (liabilities) assets (25,355) 41,198
Total assets less current liabilities 35,151 101,704
Capital and reserves
Share capital 108,404 108,404
Reserves (73,253) (6,700)
Total equity 35,151 101,704
170 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 173 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
33. INFORMATION OF THE STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE
COMPANY (Continued)
Movement in Company’s reserves
Share-based
Share payment Special Accumulated
premium reserve reserve losses Total
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
(note i) (note ii) (note i)
As at 1 January 2024 1,545,754 7,414 (320,594) (1,389,202) (156,628)
Total comprehensive income for the year – – – 236,203 236,203
Dividends recognised as distribution
(note 13) (87,323) – – – (87,323)
Recognition of share-based payment – 1,048 – – 1,048
Transfer on forfeiture and
expiry of share options – (107) – 107 –
As at 31 December 2024 1,458,431 8,355 (320,594) (1,152,892) (6,700)
Total comprehensive expense for the year – – – (1,646) (1,646)
Dividends recognised as distribution
(note 13) (65,492) – – – (65,492)
Recognition of share-based payment – 585 – – 585
Transfer on forfeiture and expiry of
share options – (4,703) – 4,703 –
As at 31 December 2025 1,392,939 4,237 (320,594) (1,149,835) (73,253)
Notes:
(i) As at 31 December 2025, the distributable reserve of the Company amounted to RMB243,104,000 (2024: RMB305,539,000),
represents the aggregate balance of share premium and accumulated losses.
(ii) A debit amount of approximately RMB321 million represents the aggregate amount of the consideration which was settled by the
Company with (i) cash consideration of approximately RMB184 million and (ii) share consideration of approximately RMB137 million
for the acquisition of Luck Right and its subsidiaries from Ms. Poon in 2008.
Annual Report 2025 171


===== PAGE 174 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
(a) Categories of financial instruments
31/12/2025 31/12/2024
RMB’000 RMB’000
Financial assets
Financial assets at amortised cost 1,836,446 1,790,315
Financial assets at FVTPL 119,312 125,535
1,955,758 1,915,850
Financial liabilities
Financial liabilities at amortised cost 258,072 259,589
(b) Financial risk management objectives and policies
The Group’s major financial instruments include financial assets at FVTPL, rental deposits, loan to an associate,
trade and other receivables, bank balances and cash (including term deposits), restricted bank deposits, trade
and other payables, amount(s) due to related companies/directors/non-controlling interests/an associate/a
joint venture and bank borrowings. Details of these financial instruments are disclosed in respective notes.
The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including currency risk and interest
rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The policies on how to mitigate these risks are set out below. The
management manages and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on
a timely and effective manner.
Currency risk
The Group’s exposure to foreign currency risk is arising mainly from bank balances (including term deposits)
of the Group which are denominated in foreign currencies of the relevant group entities. Except for these
bank balances, the group entities did not have any other monetary assets or liabilities denominated in foreign
currencies as at the end of the reporting period.
The carrying amounts of the Group’s bank balances and cash that are denominated in currencies other than
the functional currency of the entities in Mainland China, i.e. US$, as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 are
immaterial.
The Group currently does not have a foreign exchange hedging policy, However, the management monitors
foreign exchange exposure and will consider hedging significant foreign exchange exposure should the need
arise.
172 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 175 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
(b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
Interest rate risk
As at 31 December 2025, the Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to its lease liabilities
(see note 28 for details). The Group is also exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-
rate deposits and bank balances (see note 26 for details), and variable-rate bank borrowings (see note 30
for details). The Group’s cash flow interest rate risk is mainly concentrated on the fluctuation of interest
rates on the Group’s bank deposits and balances, and certain bank borrowings. To manage interest rate
exposure, the Group evaluates the potential impact of interest rate movements based on interest rate level
and market outlook. Management regularly reviews the proportion of borrowings in fixed rate and floating
rate borrowings to ensure they are within reasonable range.
Sensitivity analysis
The sensitivity analysis below has been determined based on the exposure to interest rates at the end of
each reporting period. The analysis is prepared assuming the financial instruments outstanding at the end of
each reporting period were outstanding for the whole year. A 15 basis point (2024: 15 basis point) increase
or decrease in variable-rate bank balances and 50 basis point (2024: 50 basis point) increase or decrease in
variable-rate bank borrowings are used, representing management’s assessment of the reasonably possible
change in interest rates.
If interest rates on variable-rate bank balances had been 15 basis points (2024: 15 basis points) higher/lower
and all other variables were held constant, the Group’s post-tax profit for the year ended 31 December
2025 would increase/decrease by RMB2,055,000 (2024: post tax loss decrease/increase by RMB1,978,000).
If interest rates on variable-rate bank borrowings had been 50 basis points (2024: 50 basis points) higher/
lower and all other variables were held constant, the Group’s post-tax profit for the year ended 31 December
2025 would decrease/increase by RMB125,000 (2024: post tax loss increase/decrease by RMB144,000).
Annual Report 2025 173


===== PAGE 176 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
(b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
Credit risk and impairment assessment
As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk which will cause a financial loss to
the Group due to failure to discharge an obligation by the counterparties arising from the carrying amount
of the respective recognised financial assets as stated in the consolidated statement of financial position.
Trade receivables
The Group recognises lifetime ECL as prescribed by HKFRS 9 under simplified approach on trade receivables.
To measure the ECL of trade receivables, they are assessed individually for debtors with significant balances
and/or collectively for other debtors using provision matrix based on shared characteristics including historical
credit loss experience, industry specific factors to the debtors, general economic conditions and the available
and supportive forward-looking information, including time value of money where appropriate and loss
allowance of RMB686,000 was reversed (2024: loss allowance of RMB242,000 was reversed).
Bank balances (including term deposits)
Credit risk on bank balances (including term deposits) is limited because the counterparties are reputable
banks and the risk of inability to pay or redeem at the due date is low.
Loan to an associate, other receivables (except lease receivables) and rental deposits
For loan to an associate, other receivables (except lease receivables) and rental deposits, the directors of the
Company believe that there is no significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition and the Group
provided impairment based on 12m ECL. For the years ended 31 December 2025, the Group assessed the ECL
for loan to an associate, other receivables (except lease receivables) and rental deposits and loss allowance
of RMB85,000 was recognised (2024: no loss allowance was recognised).
Lease receivables
For lease receivables, the management makes periodic assessment on the recoverability of lease receivables
based on historical settlement records, past experience, and also quantitative and qualitative information that
is reasonable and supportive forward-looking information. For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group
recognised loss allowance of RMB51,000 (2024: nil). In addition, the directors of the Company determined
that certain lease receivables, for which loss allowances had already been recognised, were uncollectible. As
a result, an amount of RMB9,608,000 was written off against the carrying amount of the receivables and
the corresponding allowance (2024: no loss allowance was recognised or reversed).
174 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 177 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
(b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
The Group’s internal credit risk grading assessment comprises the following categories:
Trade receivables Other
Internal credit rating Description and lease receivables financial assets
Low risk The counterparty has a low risk Lifetime ECL – 12m ECL
of default and does not have not credit-impaired
any past-due amounts
Watch list Debtor frequently repays after Lifetime ECL – 12m ECL
due dates but usually settle not credit-impaired
after due date
Doubtful There have been significant Lifetime ECL – Lifetime ECL –
increases in credit risk since not credit-impaired not credit-impaired
initial recognition through
information developed internally
or external resources
Loss There is evidence indicating the Lifetime ECL – Lifetime ECL –
asset is credit-impaired credit-impaired credit-impaired
Write-off There is evidence indicating that Amount is written off Amount is written off
the debtor is in severe financial
difficulty and the Group has no
realistic prospect of recovery
Annual Report 2025 175


===== PAGE 178 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
(b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
The table below details the credit risk exposures of the Group’s financial assets and other item, which are
subject to ECL assessment:
2025 gross 2024 gross
Internal credit 12m or carrying carrying
Notes rating lifetime ECL amount amount
RMB’000 RMB’000
Financial assets at amortised cost
Bank balances and cash 26 N/A 12m ECL 1,699,731 1,655,833
(including term deposits)
Restricted bank deposits 26 N/A 12m ECL 48 113
1,699,779 1,655,946
Loan to an associate 21 Low risk 12m ECL 1,350 1,384
Trade receivables 25 Low risk Lifetime ECL (not 15,481 16,997
credit-impaired)
Watch list Lifetime ECL (not 606 425
credit-impaired)
Loss Lifetime ECL 670 693
(credit-impaired)
16,757 18,115
Other receivables and rental deposits 25 Low risk 12m ECL 119,756 126,275
Other item
Lease receivables 25 Low risk Lifetime ECL (not 2,922 2,277
credit-impaired)
Loss Lifetime ECL – 9,464
(credit-impaired)
2,922 11,741
176 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 179 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
(b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognised for trade receivables
under the simplified approach:
Lifetime ECL (not Lifetime ECL
credit-impaired) (credit-impaired) Total
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
As at 1 January 2024 1,228 651 1,879
Impairment losses reversed (1,226) – (1,226)
Impairment losses recognised 942 42 984
As at 31 December 2024 944 693 1,637
Impairment losses reversed (944) (23) (967)
Impairment losses recognised 281 – 281
As at 31 December 2025 281 670 951
The following table shows reconciliation of loss allowance that has been recognised for other receivables
and rental deposits using the general approach under HKFRS 9:
12m ECL
RMB’000
As at 1 January 2024 and 31 December 2024 160
Impairment losses recognised 85
As at 31 December 2025 245
The following table shows reconciliation of loss allowance that has been recognised for lease receivables
using the simplified approach under HKFRS 9:
Lifetime ECL (not Lifetime ECL
credit-impaired) (credit-impaired) Total
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
As at 1 January 2024 and
31 December 2024 468 9,140 9,608
Write- offs (468) (9,140) (9,608)
Impairment losses recognised 51 – 51
As at 31 December 2025 51 – 51
Annual Report 2025 177


===== PAGE 180 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
(b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
Liquidity risk management
The directors of the Company have adopted a liquidity risk management framework for the management of
the Group’s short-term funding and liquidity management requirements. The Group manages liquidity risk
by maintaining a reasonable level of banking facilities, monitoring the forecasted and actual cash flows, and
matching the maturity profiles of financial assets and liabilities.
The following tables detail the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its non-derivative financial liabilities
and lease liabilities based on the agreed repayment terms. The table has been drawn up based on the
undiscounted cash flows on financial liabilities and lease liabilities based on the earliest date in which the
Group can be required to pay. The tables include both interest and principal cash flows.
Weighted
average On demand Total
effective or less than One year Two year Over undiscounted Carrying
interest rate one year to two year to five years five years cash flows amounts
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
As at 31 December 2025
Financial liabilities
Trade and other payables NA 207,161 – – – 207,161 207,161
Amounts due to related companies NA 2,199 – – – 2,199 2,199
Amounts due to directors NA 2,609 – – – 2,609 2,609
Amounts due to non-controlling NA 13,542 – – – 13,542 13,542
interests
Amount due to an associate NA 2,240 – – – 2,240 2,240
Amount due to a joint venture NA 355 – – – 355 355
Lease liabilities 3.67% 241,208 178,489 239,387 8,123 667,207 622,929
Bank borrowings-variable interest rate 2.24% 5,749 5,867 19,143 3,976 34,735 29,966
475,063 184,356 258,530 12,099 930,048 881,001
178 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 181 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
(b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
Liquidity risk management (Continued)
Weighted
average On demand Total
effective or less than One year Two year Over undiscounted Carrying
interest rate one year to two year to five years five years cash flows amounts
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
As at 31 December 2024
Financial liabilities
Trade and other payables NA 203,599 – – – 203,599 203,599
Amounts due to related companies NA 4,100 – – – 4,100 4,100
Amounts due to directors NA 1,111 – – – 1,111 1,111
Amounts due to non-controlling NA 13,551 – – – 13,551 13,551
interests
Amount due to an associate NA 2,296 – – – 2,296 2,296
Amount due to a joint venture NA 323 – – – 323 323
Lease liabilities 4.14% 231,290 167,332 219,854 7,541 626,017 576,636
Bank borrowings-variable interest rate 2.75% 6,035 6,252 20,087 7,268 39,642 34,609
462,305 173,584 239,941 14,809 890,639 836,225
(c) Fair value measurements of financial instruments
Some of the Group’s financial instruments are measured at fair value for financial reporting purposes. The
directors of the Company have set up a valuation team to ensure the appropriate valuation techniques and
inputs are used for fair value measurements.
In estimating the fair value, the management of the Group uses market-observable data to the extent it is
available. For instruments with significant unobservable inputs under Level 3, the management of the Group
engages an independent qualified professional valuer to conduct the valuation. The Group’s management
works closely with the qualified external valuers to develop the appropriate valuation techniques and key
inputs. The management reports the valuation findings to the Board regularly to explain the cause of
fluctuations in the fair value.
Annual Report 2025 179


===== PAGE 182 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
(c) Fair value measurements of financial instruments (Continued)
Fair values are categorised into different fair value hierarchy based on the inputs used in the valuation
techniques as follows:
• Level 1 fair value measurements are those derived from quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets
for identical assets or liabilities
• Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices included
within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly
(i.e. derived from prices)
• Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques for which the lowest level
input that is significant to the fair value measurement is unobservable (significant unobservable input).
(i) Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a
recurring basis
The following tables give information about how the fair values of these financial assets are determined
(in particular, the valuation technique(s) and inputs used).
Fair value hierarchy as at 31 December 2025
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
Financial assets
Unlisted equity investments – – 26,493 26,493
Fund investments – 82,691 – 82,691
Treasury bond reverse
repurchase 10,128 – – 10,128
10,128 82,691 26,493 119,312
Fair value hierarchy as at 31 December 2024
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
Financial assets
Unlisted equity investments – – 34,995 34,995
Fund investments – 80,540 – 80,540
Treasury bond reverse
repurchase 10,000 – – 10,000
10,000 80,540 34,995 125,535
180 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 183 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
(c) Fair value measurements of financial instruments (Continued)
(i) Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a
recurring basis (Continued)
Fair value as at Fair value as at Fair value Valuation technique(s) and Significant
Financial assets 31/12/2025 31/12/2024 hierarchy key input(s) unobservable input(s)
RMB RMB
Financial assets at 26,493,000 34,995,000 Level 3 Market approach and option- Equity value.
FVTPL – unlisted pricing method
equity investments Expected option life.
The key inputs include price
to sales ratio, equity value Probability of conversion,
of investees, risk free rate, redemption and
volatility, expected option liquidation.
life and probability of
conversion, redemption
and liquidation.
Financial assets at 22,133,000 – Level 2 Recent transactions price N/A
FVTPL – unlisted
equity investments
Financial assets at 60,558,000 80,540,000 Level 2 Discounted cash flow future N/A
FVTPL – fund cash flows are estimated
investments based on expected return.
Financial assets at 10,128,000 10,000,000 Level 1 Quoted bid prices in the N/A
FVTPL – reverse active market
repurchase
treasury bond
There were no transfers between Level 1 and 2 during the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.
Annual Report 2025 181


===== PAGE 184 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
(c) Fair value measurements of financial instruments (Continued)
(ii) Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements
Financial Financial
assets liabilities
at FVTPL at FVTPL Total
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
As at 1 January 2024 42,338 (2,127) 40,211
(Loss) gain on fair value change (6,281) 2,127 (4,154)
Disposal (1,062) – (1,062)
As at 31 December 2024 34,995 – 34,995
Loss on fair value change (8,502) – (8,502)
As at 31 December 2025 26,493 – 26,493
Of the total gains or losses for the year ended 31 December 2025, a loss of RMB8,502,000 (2024:
loss of RMB6,281,000) and a gain of RMB nil (2024: gain of RMB2,127,000) were related to financial
assets and liabilities at FVTPL held at the end of the current reporting period. Fair value gains or loss
on these financial assets and liabilities at FVTPL are included in the line item ‘other gains and losses’.
(iii) Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured
at fair value on a recurring basis (but fair value disclosures are required)
The directors of the Company consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial
liabilities recorded at amortised cost in the consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2025
and 2024 approximate their fair values.
35. CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
The Group manages its capital to ensure that the group entities will be able to continue as a going concern while
maximising the return to shareholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance. The Group’s overall
strategy remains unchanged from prior year.
The capital structure of the Group consists of net debt (bank borrowings and lease liabilities as detailed in notes
30 and 28), net of bank balances and cash, and equity attributable to owners of the Company, comprising share
capital, and reserves and non-controlling interests. Details of these items are disclosed in the consolidated financial
statements.
The management reviews the capital structure regularly. As part of this review, the management considers the cost
of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital, and will balance its overall capital structure through
the payment of dividends, new share issues as well as the raising of bank borrowings.
182 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 185 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
36. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
31/12/2025 31/12/2024
RMB’000 RMB’000
Capital expenditure contracted for but not provided in the
consolidated financial statements in respect of the acquisition of
property, plant and equipment 9,417 12,323
37. PLEDGE OF ASSETS
Certain of the Group’s assets have been pledged to the banks as securities for its banking facilities. The carrying
amounts of these assets are as follows:
31/12/2025 31/12/2024
RMB’000 RMB’000
Right-of-use assets 5,558 5,935
Investment properties 328,412 371,435
Property, plant and equipment 4,741 5,044
338,711 382,414
38. OPERATING LEASING ARRANGEMENTS
The Group as lessor
The Group’s properties with carrying amounts of RMB759,737,000 (2024: RMB816,634,000) were held for rental
purposes. These properties are expected to generate an annualised rental yield of approximately 4.8% (2024: 5.0%).
Undiscounted lease payments receivable on leases are as follows:
31/12/2025 31/12/2024
RMB’000 RMB’000
Within one year 30,605 39,155
In the second year 25,617 26,303
In the third year 19,361 21,255
In the fourth year 18,962 17,376
In the fifth year 18,739 18,069
After five years 181,352 190,562
294,636 312,720
Annual Report 2025 183


===== PAGE 186 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
39. RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
The tables below detail changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash and
non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or future cash
flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities:
Amounts
Amounts due to Amount
due to Amounts non- Amounts due to
related due to controlling due to a joint Dividend Interests Bank Lease
companies directors interests associates venture payable payable borrowings liabilities Total
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
As at 1 January 2025 4,100 1,111 13,551 2,296 323 – 41 34,609 576,636 632,667
Financing cash flows (1,855) 1,504 – – 32 (65,492) (786) (3,841) (257,678) (328,116)
Exchange alignment (46) (6) (9) (56) – – – (802) (2,244) (3,163)
Dividends declared – – – – – 65,492 – – – 65,492
New lease entered – – – – – – – – 316,009 316,009
Disposal of right-of-use
assets – – – – – – – – (34,003) (34,003)
Interest expenses – – – – – – 775 – 24,209 24,984
As at 31 December 2025 2,199 2,609 13,542 2,240 355 – 30 29,966 622,929 673,870
Amounts
Amounts due to Amount
due to Amounts non- Amounts due to
related due to controlling due to a joint Dividend Interests Bank Lease
companies directors interests associates venture payable payable borrowings liabilities Total
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
As at 1 January 2024 1,819 604 13,543 2,247 350 – 51 37,484 402,305 458,403
Financing cash flows 2,239 498 – – (27) (91,919) (22,603) (3,640) (217,857) (333,309)
Exchange alignment 42 9 8 49 – – – 765 683 1,556
Dividends declared – – – – – 91,919 – – – 91,919
New lease entered – – – – – – – – 400,027 400,027
Disposal of right-of-use
assets – – – – – – – – (8,522) (8,522)
Interest expenses – – – – – – 22,593 – – 22,593
As at 31 December 2024 4,100 1,111 13,551 2,296 323 – 41 34,609 576,636 632,667
184 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 187 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
40. RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEME
The Group’s qualifying employees in Hong Kong participate the Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (the “MPF
Scheme”) in Hong Kong. The assets of the MPF Scheme are held separately from those of the Group in funds
under the control of trustee. The Group operates the MPF Scheme for all qualifying employees in Hong Kong. The
assets of the MPF Scheme are held separately from those of the Group, which is in the funds under the control of
trustees. The Group contributes at the lower of RMB1,333 (HK$1,500) per month or 5% of the relevant payroll
costs to the MPF Scheme.
The employees of the Mainland China subsidiaries are members of the state-managed retirement benefits scheme
operated by the PRC government. The Mainland China subsidiaries are required to contribute a certain percentage
of their payroll to the retirement benefits scheme to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the Group with
respect to the retirement benefits scheme is to make the required contributions under the scheme.
No vesting policy exists for the MPF scheme and the state-merged retirement benefits scheme.
As at 31 December 2025, the total cost charged to profit or loss for the year is RMB45,964,000 (2024: RMB47,315,000)
and amounts due to the MPF Scheme and state-managed retirement plans included in trade and other payables
are RMB809,000 (2024: RMB834,000).
Annual Report 2025 185


===== PAGE 188 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
Other than as disclosed elsewhere in these consolidated financial statements, the Group has following transactions
with related parties:
(a) During the year, the Group has the following significant transactions with related parties:
Year ended 31 December
Relationship with related parties Nature of transaction 2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000
Shigemitsu Industry Sales of noodles and related products 864 1,362
a company Mr. Katsuaki Shigemitsu Purchases of food products, materials (31,298) (30,840)
has controlling interests and supplies
Franchise commissions
– for restaurants operating in Hong (513) (399)
Kong
– for restaurants operating in (16,816) (21,924)
Mainland China
Technical fee paid/payable (246) (326)
Rental income 2,154 1,803
Waive of franchise commission 6,442 5,942
Ajisen Overseas Franchising Co., Ltd., Royalty fee paid/payable (61) (85)
a company Mr. Katsuaki Shigemitsu
has controlling interests
Ms. Poon Lease liabilities (note) (20,405) (7,841)
Interest expense on lease liabilities (443) (521)
Rental expenses paid (115) –
Companies in which Mr. Poon Ka Man, Rental expenses paid (771) –
Jason, a director of the Company, has
controlling interests
Japan Foods Holding Ltd., Franchise commissions paid/payable (1,651) (1,501)
non-controlling interests of a subsidiary
Hubei Jupeng Kitchen Equipment Co., Ltd., Purchase of property, plant and (1,350) (9,602)
an associate of the Company equipment
Note: During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group entered into two tenancy agreements with Ms. Poon for the use of office
premises for an initial term of 3 years. Under these agreements, the Group recognised right-of-use assets of RMB20,667,000
and its associated lease liabilities with same amount.
186 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 189 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
(b) The remuneration of directors of the Company and other members of key management during the year was
as follows:
Year ended 31 December
2025 2024
RMB’000 RMB’000
Short-term employee benefits 6,152 5,965
Retirement benefits scheme contributions 243 264
Share-based payment – 30
6,395 6,259
The remuneration of directors and key executives is determined by the remuneration committee of the
Company having regard to the performance of individual and market trends.
Annual Report 2025 187


===== PAGE 190 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
42. PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES
Details of the Company’s principal subsidiaries as at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024 are as follows:
Place of Nominal value of Proportion of
incorporation/ issued and fully ownership interest/
establishment/ paid share capital/ voting rights
Name of subsidiaries operations registered capital held by the Company Principal activities
2025 2024
Ajisen International (note) British Virgin Islands US$1,000 100% 100% Investment holding
Ajisen (Hong Kong) Limited British Virgin Islands US$990 100% 100% Investment holding
Ajisen Investments Limited British Virgin Islands US$50,000 100% 100% Investment holding
Ajisen China Group Management Limited Hong Kong HK$10,000 100% 100% Provision of management
services to group companies
Brilliant China Holdings Limited Hong Kong HK$10,000 100% 100% Operating the Group’s Hong
Kong office and food
processing Ajisen factory
Colour Wave Development Limited Hong Kong HK$10,000 100% 100% Operating an Ajisen chain
restaurant
Festive Profits Limited British Virgin Islands US$100 100% 100% Investment holding
Fortune Choice Limited Hong Kong HK$10,000 100% 100% Holding company of Shenzhen
factory and trading of
noodles
Gold Regent Limited Hong Kong HK$10,000 100% 100% Operating an Ajisen chain
restaurant
Hong Kong Ajisen Co., Limited Hong Kong HK$10,000 100% 100% Operating an Ajisen chain
restaurant
Hong Kong Ajisen Food Company Limited Hong Kong HK$10,000 100% 100% Operating an Ajisen chain
restaurant
Nice Concept Limited Hong Kong HK$10,000 100% 100% Operating an Ajisen chain
restaurant
188 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 191 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
42. PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
Place of Nominal value of Proportion of
incorporation/ issued and fully ownership interest/
establishment/ paid share capital/ voting rights
Name of subsidiaries operations registered capital held by the Company Principal activities
2025 2024
Long Wave Limited Hong Kong HK$10,000 70% 70% Operating an Ajisen chain
restaurant
Ocean Talent Limited Hong Kong HK$10,000 100% 100% Operating an Ajisen chain
restaurant
Pacific Smart Limited Hong Kong HK$10,000 100% 100% Operating an Ajisen chain
restaurant
Seamax Limited Hong Kong HK$10,000 70% 70% Operating an Ajisen chain
restaurant
Sunny Pearl Investment Limited Hong Kong HK$1 100% 100% Operating an Ajisen chain
restaurant
Top Overseas Limited Hong Kong HK$10,000 100% 100% Operating an Ajisen chain
restaurant
Wintle Limited Hong Kong HK$10,000 100% 100% Operating an Ajisen chain
restaurant
Well Good Limited Hong Kong HK$10,000 100% 100% Operating an Ajisen chain
restaurant
Golden Ramen House Limited Hong Kong HK$10,000 100% NA Operating an Ajisen chain
restaurant
Konjiki Ramenya Limited Hong Kong HK$10,000 100% NA Operating an Ajisen chain
restaurant
Ramen Kingdom Limited Hong Kong HK$10,000 100% NA Operating an Ajisen chain
restaurant
Ajisen International Limited Hong Kong US$1,000 80% 80% Operating Ajisen sub-franchise
restaurants in Europe
Annual Report 2025 189


===== PAGE 192 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
42. PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
Place of Nominal value of Proportion of
incorporation/ issued and fully ownership interest/
establishment/ paid share capital/ voting rights
Name of subsidiaries operations registered capital held by the Company Principal activities
2025 2024
Colour Rise Limited Hong Kong HK$10,000 80% 80% Operating Ajisen sub-franchise
restaurants in Europe
Miyamoto Holdings Ltd Hong Kong HK$10,000 100% 100% Investment holding
Golden Bird Group Ltd British Virgin Islands US$50,000 70% 70% Investment holding
Miyamoto Int’l Ltd British Virgin Islands US$50,000 55% 55% Investment holding
Leadwind Enterprise Holding Ltd Hong Kong HK$282,471,485 100% 100% Investment holding
Big Benefit Group Limited British Virgin Islands US$50,000 100% 100% Investment holding
So Pho International Limited British Virgin Islands US$100 70% 70% Investment holding
Fully Brave Limited Hong Kong HK$10,000 70% 70% Investment holding
領先食品(上海)發展有限公司 Mainland China wholly foreign US$1,200,000 100% 100% Operating a noodle factory in
Lead Food (Shanghai) Development Co. Ltd. owned enterprise Shanghai, Mainland China
上海領先餐飲管理有限公司 Mainland China wholly foreign US$20,000,000 100% 100% Investment holding and
Shanghai Lead Food & Restaurant owned enterprise operating Ajisen chain
Management Co. Ltd. restaurants in Shanghai,
Mainland China
南京味千餐飲管理有限公司 Mainland China sino-foreign equity RMB30,000,000 100% 100% Operating Ajisen chain
Nanjing Weiqian Food & Restaurant joint venture restaurants in
Management Co. Ltd. Nanjing,Mainland China
杭州味千餐飲管理有限公司 Mainland China sino-foreign equity RMB20,000,000 100% 100% Operating Ajisen chain
Hangzhou Weiqian Food & Restaurant joint venture restaurants in
Management Co. Ltd. Hangzhou,Mainland China
山東味千餐飲管理有限公司 Mainland China limited liability RMB10,000,000 100% 100% Operating Ajisen chain
Shandong Weiqian Food & Restaurant enterprise restaurants in
Management Co. Ltd. Shandong,Mainland China
190 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 193 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
42. PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
Place of Nominal value of Proportion of
incorporation/ issued and fully ownership interest/
establishment/ paid share capital/ voting rights
Name of subsidiaries operations registered capital held by the Company Principal activities
2025 2024
北京味千餐飲管理有限公司 Mainland China sino-foreign equity US$2,200,000 55% 55% Operating Ajisen chain
Beijing Weiqian Food & Restaurant joint venture restaurants and food
Management Co. Ltd. processing centre in Beijing,
Mainland China
重慶味千餐飲文化有限公司 Mainland China limited liability RMB10,000,000 100% 100% Operating Ajisen chain
Chongqing Weiqian Food & Culture Co., Ltd. enterprise restaurants in Chongqing,
Mainland China
味千拉麵飲食服務(深圳)有限公司 Mainland China limited liability US$10,000,000 100% 100% Operating Ajisen chain
Weiqian Noodle Food Service enterprise restaurants in Guangdong
(Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. province, Wuhan and
Chengdu, Mainland China
領鮮食品(上海)有限公司 Mainland China limited liability US$15,000,000 100% 100% Operating a noodle factory in
Lingxian Food (Shanghai) enterprise Shanghai, Mainland China
Co., Ltd.
味千拉麵深圳有限公司 Mainland China wholly foreign HK$18,800,000 100% 100% Operating a noodle factory in
Weiqian Noodle (Shenzhen) owned enterprise Shenzhen, Mainland China
Co., Ltd.
領馳食品發展(上海)有限公司 Mainland China wholly foreign US$20,000,000 100% 100% Operating a noodle factory in
Lingchi Food Development (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. owned enterprise Shanghai, Mainland China
東莞領馳食品有限公司 Mainland China wholly foreign US$20,000,000 100% 100% Operating a noodle factory in
Dongguan Lingchi Food., Ltd. owned enterprise Dongguan, Mainland China
上海領食餐飲管理有限公司 Mainland China wholly foreign US$1,000,000 70% 70% Operating So Pho
Shanghai Lingshi Food & Restaurant owned enterprise chain restaurants in
Management Co., Ltd. Shanghai,Mainland China
Annual Report 2025 191


===== PAGE 194 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
42. PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
Place of Nominal value of Proportion of
incorporation/ issued and fully ownership interest/
establishment/ paid share capital/ voting rights
Name of subsidiaries operations registered capital held by the Company Principal activities
2025 2024
Shanghai JingJing Investment Center Mainland China limited partnership RMB115,010,000 52% 52% Investment holding
(Limited Partnership)
Jiahua Mingde (Tianjin) Enterprise Management Mainland China limited partnership RMB70,010,000 71.4% 71.4% Investment holding
and Consulting partnership (Limited
Partnership)
上海領馳供應鏈管理有限公司 Mainland China limited liability RMB1,000,000 100% 100% Operating a noodle factory in
Shanghai Lingchi Supply Chain enterprise Shanghai, Mainland China
Management Co., Ltd
Note: This entity was directly held by the Company.
The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors, principally affected
the results for the year or formed a substantial portion of the net assets of the Group. To give details of all the
subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the directors, result in particulars of excessive length.
None of the subsidiaries had any debt securities outstanding at the end of the year, or at any time during the year.
43. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
There were no significant events after the reporting period up to the date of this report.
192 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 195 =====
Properties Held for Investment
Carrying values in
existing state at
Name/Location Type 31 December 2025 Lease term
RMB’000
1. Workshops 1 to 24 on 10/F and C 81,019 Medium-term lease
Car Parking Space No. 52 on Level 3,
Wah Yiu Industrial Centre,
Nos. 30-32 Au Pui Wan Street,
Shatin, New Territories, Hong Kong
2. Storage B on Base Floor, C 187,238 Medium-term lease
Storages/Workshops B on G/F and 1/F,
Workshops B on 1/F, 3/F 5/F and Roof B,
Storage B on B/F
Ajisen Group Tower,
Nos. 24-26 Sze Shan Street,
Yau Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong
3. Shop 5, G/F, Wo Fung Court, C 8,671 Medium-term lease
No. 8 Wo Fung Street, Luen Wo Market,
Fanling, New Territories,
Hong Kong
4. 9/F, Tower 2, Ever Gain Plaza, C 51,484 Medium-term lease
No. 88 Container Port Road,
Kwai Chung, New Territories,
Hong Kong
5. Flat 3 on 18/F, C 3,974 Medium-term lease
Block G, Phase 1 Amoy
Gardens, Kowloon
6. Unit 3101, 31/F, C 34,700 Medium-term lease
Golden Bell Plaza,
No. 98 Huaihai Zhong Road,
Luwan District,
Shanghai, the PRC
7. Room 51801 and 51802, 18/F C 4,900 Medium-term lease
Unit 5, Block 1,
Wangzuo Guojicheng,
No. 1 Tongyan Road,
Gaoxin District, Xi’an City
Shaanxi Province, the PRC
Annual Report 2025 193


===== PAGE 196 =====
Properties Held for Investment
Carrying values in
existing state at
Name/Location Type 31 December 2025 Lease term
RMB’000
8. Units 903 to 908, Block A, C 7,500 Medium-term lease
Xinian Centre, Tairanjiu Road,
Shennan Da Road South, Futian District,
Shenzhen City, Guangdong Province,
the PRC
9. Units 2110 to 2116, 2118, 2121, 2214 and C 7,640 Medium-term lease
Two Underground Car Parking spaces,
No. 1399 Haining Road,
Zhabei District, Shanghai City,
the PRC
10. An Industry Property located at C 3,926 Medium-term lease
398 Yongan Road,
Ande Town Industrial Zone,
Pi County, Chengdu City, Sichuan Province,
The PRC
11. No. 2, Block D, No. 951 Xinfei Road, C 15,800 Medium-term lease
Songjiang District,
Shanghai City,
The PRC
12. Units B-613, 614, A-1216 and A-1217, C 13,700 Medium-term lease
Tai’an Court, Tairan Nineth Road,
Futian District, Shenzhen City,
Guangdong Province, The PRC
13. Unit 4206-4207, C 5,900 Medium-term lease
No. 67 Zhujiang Road,
Xuanwu District, Nanjing City,
Jiangsu Province, the PRC
194 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 197 =====
Properties Held for Investment
Carrying values in
existing state at
Name/Location Type 31 December 2025 Lease term
RMB’000
14. Unit B of Block 11, No. 951 Xinfei Road C 16,200 Medium-term lease
Songjiang District, Shanghai City,
The PRC
15. Shop 2, Level 2, Block A and Shop 4 Level 2, C 10,010 Medium-term lease
Block C, Hua Ye Commercial and Residential
Estate, No. 65 Meijiang 2nd Road, Jiangnan
District, Meizhou City, Guangdong Province,
the PRC,
16. Various Portions of level 1 to 3 Block 1, C 5,100 Medium-term lease
Xinguang Road,
Phase III Jinhe Industrial District,
Jinhe Community District,
Zhangmutou Town, Dongguan City,
Guangdong Province,
the PRC
17. Site No.1, Xinguang Road, C 15,500 Medium-term lease
Phase III Jinhe Industrial District,
Jinhe Community District,
Zhangmutou Town, Dongguan City,
Guangdong Province, the PRC
18. 115, podium of Dingcheng Building, C 21,700 Medium-term lease
Zhonghangyuan, Zhenhua Road,
Futian District, Shenzhen City,
Guangdong Province, the PRC
19. Unit 2-1, 2-2, 2-3 and 2-5, C 9,860 Medium-term lease
Block 5, No. 88 Wuxing Street,
Liouzhou City, Zhuang Autonomous Region,
Guangxi Province, the PRC
20. A parcel of land Songkai IV-110-2 C 254,916 Medium-term lease
with buildings and structures erected
thereon, No.961 Xinfei Road,
Songjiang District Industrial Zone,
Songjiang District, Shanghai,
The PRC
Type of properties: C- commercial
Note: These property interests are 100% attributable to the Group.
Annual Report 2025 195


===== PAGE 198 =====
Financial Summary
Year ended 31 December
2021 2022 2023 2024 2025
RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
RESULTS
Turnover 1,996,209 1,429,792 1,815,406 1,717,290 1,831,936
Profit (loss) before taxation 52,440 (176,765) 247,875 (50,132) 61,140
Income tax (expense) credit (34,479) 20,397 (55,348) 34,891 28,852
Profit (loss) for the year 17,961 (156,368) 192,527 (15,241) 32,288
Profit (loss) for the year attributable to
– Owners of the Company 20,940 (143,906) 181,188 (20,224) 28,408
– Non-controlling interests (2,979) (12,462) 11,339 4,983 3,880
17,961 (156,368) 192,527 (15,241) 32,288
ASSET AND LIABILITIES
Total assets 4,301,217 3,868,584 3,961,511 3,987,295 3,984,053
Total liabilities (1,187,068) (947,272) (903,585) (1,019,828) (1,078,734)
Net assets 3,114,149 2,921,312 3,057,926 2,967,467 2,905,319
196 Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited


===== PAGE 199 =====
HELSINKI
ROME
SAN DIEGO
PANAMA CITY
MANILA
SARAWAK
AUCKLAND
J A P A N
U S A
A U S T R A L I A
S I N G A P O R E F I N L A N D
T H A I L A N D I T A L Y
P H I L I P P I N E S N E W Z E A L A N D
2025
ANNUAL REPORT 年報
ANNUAL
REPORT
2025
年報