

===== PDF_PAGE 1 =====
2025
2025

===== PDF_PAGE 2 =====
CHARACTERISTICS OF GEM OF THE STOCK EXCHANGE OF HONG KONG LIMITED (THE “STOCK EXCHANGE”)
GEM has been positioned as a market designed to accommodate small and mid-sized companies to which 
a higher investment risk may be attached than other companies listed on the Stock Exchange. Prospective 
investors should be aware of the potential risks of investing in such companies and should make the 
decision to invest only after due and careful consideration.
Given that the companies listed on GEM are generally small and mid-sized companies, there is a risk that 
securities traded on GEM may be more susceptible to high market volatility than securities traded on 
the Main Board of the Stock Exchange and no assurance is given that there will be a liquid market in the 
securities traded on GEM.
Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and the Stock Exchange take no responsibility for the contents of this 
report, make no representation as to its accuracy or completeness and expressly disclaim any liability whatsoever 
for any loss howsoever arising from or in reliance upon the whole or any part of the contents of this report.
This report, for which the directors (the “Directors”) of Takbo Group Holdings Limited (the “Company”) collectively 
and individually accept full responsibility, includes particulars given in compliance with the Rules Governing the 
Listing of Securities on GEM (the “GEM Listing Rules”) of the Stock Exchange for the purpose of giving information 
with regard to the Company and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”). The Directors, having made all reasonable 
enquiries, confirm that, to the best of their knowledge and belief the information contained in this report is accurate 
and complete in all material respects and not misleading or deceptive, and there are no other matters the omission 
of which would make any statement herein or this report misleading.

===== PDF_PAGE 3 =====
Contents
02 Corporate Information
04 CEO’s Statement
05 Management Discussion and Analysis
10 Biographical Details of the Directors of the Company and Senior Management
17 Report of the Directors
31 Corporate Governance Report
50 Environmental, Social and Governance Report
83 Independent Auditor’s Report
88 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
90 Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
92 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
93 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
95 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
158 Five Years Financial Summary

===== PDF_PAGE 4 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
02
Corporate Information
Executive Directors
Mr. Or Naam (Chief Executive Officer)
Ms. Chan Hoi Yan Polly
Mr. Or Huen
Independent Non-Executive 
Directors
Mr. Tan Chong Huat (Chairman)
Mr. Sung Chi Keung
Mr. Hui Ha Lam
Audit Committee
Mr. Sung Chi Keung (Chairman)
Mr. Tan Chong Huat
Mr. Hui Ha Lam
Remuneration Committee
Mr. Tan Chong Huat (Chairman)
Mr. Sung Chi Keung
Mr. Or Naam
Nomination Committee
Mr. Hui Ha Lam (Chairman)
Mr. Sung Chi Keung
Mr. Or Huen
Company Secretary
Ms. Ng Wai Kam (appointed on 28 November 2025)
Ms. Wong Yuen Ki (resigned on 28 November 2025)
Authorized Representatives
Mr. Or Naam
Ms. Chan Hoi Yan Polly
Registered Office
Cricket Square
Hutchins Drive
P.O. Box 2681
Grand Cayman KY1-1111
Cayman Islands
Principal Place of Business in 
Hong Kong
Flat A, 22/F., EGL Tower 
83 Hung To Road, Kwun Tong 
Kowloon, Hong Kong
Independent Auditor
BDO Limited
Certified Public Accountants and
Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
Hong Kong
Principal Bankers
Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited
Bank of China Tower
1 Garden Road, Hong Kong
Nanyang Commercial Bank Limited
151 Des Voeux Road Central
Central
Hong Kong

===== PDF_PAGE 5 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
03
Corporate Information (Continued)
Principal Share Registrar and 
Transfer Office in the Cayman 
Islands
Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited
Cricket Square
Hutchins Drive
P.O. Box 2681
Grand Cayman KY1-1111
Cayman Islands
Hong Kong Branch Share 
Registrar and Transfer Office
Tricor Investor Services Limited
17/F, Far East Finance Centre
16 Harcourt Road
Hong Kong
Stock Code
8436
Company Website
www.takbogroup.com

===== PDF_PAGE 6 =====
CEO’s Statement
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
04
Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of the Board of Directors of Takbo Group Holdings Limited, I am pleased to present the updated audited 
consolidated financial results of the Company and its subsidiaries for the year ended 31 December 2025.
Our primary focus remains in the personal care and beauty industry, where we remain closely attuned to the 
evolving preferences of Generation Z and millennials. By staying ahead of trends and understanding their desires, 
we strive to deliver products that resonate with our target market and capture significant market share.
The import tariffs imposed by the US on Chinese goods since a few years ago have impacted our performance. In 
order to mitigate this and the additional tariffs imposed in 2025, we have taken further steps to explore new avenues 
for growth and diversification. However, the revenue from USA has been dropped by 1.3%.
Furthermore, we have well explored and expanded the European market, especially Ireland, the revenue has been 
increased by 3.91 times from the previous year. On the other hand, revenue from UK has been decreased by 56.8% 
due to weak consumer market.
By effective cost control and management, our profit margin has been increased from 31.8% to 35.5%. Also, we 
have also prioritized implementing robust cost control measures and adopting comprehensive risk management 
strategies. These measures are designed to enhance our operational efficiency, strengthen our business 
foundations, and mitigate potential risks.
As we navigate the changing landscape and global economic conditions, we appreciate the unwavering support, 
trust, and confidence of our shareholders. We extend our sincerest gratitude to our management team members 
and staff for their dedication, resilience, and significant contributions throughout the year.
Thank you for your continued support.
Or Naam
Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director
Hong Kong, 20 March 2026

===== PDF_PAGE 7 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
05
Market Overview
The global market faced continuous challenges throughout the year. At a macro level, import tariffs and high 
level interest rates were contributing factors affecting all businesses on the supply chain. At a micro level, retail 
companies experiencing cash flow problems, unemployment, all added to the pile.
Nevertheless, the beauty and cosmetics industry has proven to be resilient, as evidenced by data from the past. 
This remains the case as consumers continue to be concerned over health and hygiene, personal appeal, and 
awareness among people about the benefits of cosmetics for their skin and hair.
Business Overview
The Group is principally engaged in (i) the design, development, manufacture and sale of beauty products; and (ii) 
the design, development and sale of beauty bags. The core business and revenue structure of the Group remained 
unchanged for the year ended 31 December 2025. During the year, the Group maintained its sales activities under 
the challenging business environment. The management and sales teams continued effortlessly communication with 
overseas customers for their needs and product demand. At the same time, the management conducted review on 
operational and costs efficiency.
Financial Highlight
For the year ended
31 December
2025 2024 Change
HK$’000 HK$’000 %    
Revenue 161,678 186,909 -13.5
Gross profit 57,421 59,603 -3.7
Gross profit margin 35.5% 31.8% 3.7
Net profit 6,572 6,478 1.5
Earnings per share (in HK cents) 1.6 1.6 0
 
Prospects
Looking forward, the Directors consider the global environment remains uncertain and challenging. The Group will 
continue to focus its efforts in creating innovative products and expanding reach to new geographical locations, 
European market as a key area for increased focus. The Group also acknowledges the importance of sustainability 
for consumers, recognizes the potential market for generation Z and millennials.

===== PDF_PAGE 8 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
06
Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)
Financial Review
The following table sets out a breakdown of revenue of the Group and the percentage contribution to total revenue 
by product category for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024:
For the year ended 31 December
2025 2024
HK$’000 % HK$’000 %     
Beauty products 146,824 90.8 153,586 82.2
Beauty bags 14,854 9.2 33,323 17.8
Total 161,678 100 186,909 100.0
Revenue by Geographical Regions
For the year ended 31 December
2025 2024
HK$’000 % HK$’000 %     
USA 56,939 35.2 57,701 30.9
UK 36,410 22.5 84,308 45.1
Ireland 44,775 27.7 9,114 4.9
Others 23,554 14.6 35,786 19.1
Total 161,678 100.0 186,909 100.0
Revenue of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 amounted to approximately HK$161.7 million, 
representing a decrease of approximately 13.5% over the previous year.
The gross profit of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 amounted to approximately HK$57.4 million, 
representing a decrease of approximately 3.7% over the previous year. The gross profit margin of the Group 
increased from approximately 31.8% to approximately 35.5%.
The drop in revenue were mainly attributable to the import tariffs imposed on Chinese goods several years ago, it 
took time for some US customers to shift purchases from the Group to non-Chinese supplies. To mitigate this impact, 
the Group succeeded in diversifying sales to the UK and Ireland market. Our profit margin has been increased from 
31.8% to 35.5%.
Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2025 amounted to 
approximately HK$6.6 million, representing a increase of approximately 1.5% over the previous year.

===== PDF_PAGE 9 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
07
Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)
Administrative Expenses
The administrative expenses of the Group decreased by approximately 0.3% from approximately HK$45.9 million for 
the year ended 31 December 2024 to approximately HK$45.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2025. Such 
decrease was mainly due to drop in bonus paid to staff and directors.
Selling and Distribution Expenses
The selling and distribution expenses of the Group decreased by approximately 14.3% from approximately HK$14.6 
million for the year ended 31 December 2024 to approximately HK$12.5 million for the year ended 31 December 
2025. The decrease was mainly due to reduction in shipping and freight cost.
Liquidity and Financial Resources
The Group practiced prudent financial management and maintained a healthy financial position during the year 
ended 31 December 2025. The Group finances its daily operations through net funds generated and received from 
operations. As of 31 December 2025, the Group had cash and cash equivalents of approximately HK$187.7 million 
(2024: approximately HK$175.1 million).
The current ratio, calculated as the total current assets divided by total current liabilities, was approximately 9.1 
times as at 31 December 2025 (2024: approximately 7.4 times). As at 31 December 2025, the Group did not have 
any outstanding borrowing and other indebtedness and no gearing ratio is presented.
Foreign Exchange Exposure
The Group mainly operates in Hong Kong and the PRC and is exposed to foreign exchange risk, primarily with 
respect to US$ and RMB denominated transactions arising from the sales of beauty products and bags to customers 
in the US and purchases from suppliers in the PRC. The Directors are of the opinion that the foreign exchange risk 
arising from US$ against RMB of the Group is insignificant and manageable.
Contingent Liabilities and Capital Commitments
As at 31 December 2025, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities (31 December 2024: Nil). The 
Group had capital commitment of approximately HK$0.8 million in relation to expenditure on our factory expansion 
(31 December 2024: approximately HK$2.1 million) and there was no operating leases as at 31 December 2025 (31 
December 2024: Nil).
Pledge of Assets
The Group did not have pledged assets as at 31 December 2025 (31 December 2024: Nil).

===== PDF_PAGE 10 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
08
Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)
Capital Structure
During the year ended 31 December 2025, there has been no change to the shares in issue and capital structure 
of the Company. The capital of the Company comprises ordinary shares and capital reserves. The Group finances 
its operations, working capital, capital expenditures and other liquidity requirements through a combination of funds 
generated from operations and net proceeds from the share offer.
Future Plans for Material Investment and Capital Assets
The Group did not have any other plans for material investment and capital assets as at 31 December 2025.
Significant Investments Held
As at 31 December 2025, the Group did not have any significant investment in equity interest in any other company 
and did not own any properties (31 December 2024: Nil).
Securities Investments
In addition, the Group did not have any securities investment in any investee company with a value of 5% or more 
of the total assets of the Group as at 31 December 2025 (2024: Nil), which is required to be disclosed under Rule 
18.41(4A) of the GEM Listing Rules.
Material Acquisitions and Disposals of Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint 
Ventures
The Group did not have any material acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures during 
the year ended 31 December 2025 (2024: Nil).
Guarantee Performance in Relation to the Acquisitions
The Group did not enter into any acquisition, which is required to be disclosed under the GEM Listing Rules, that the 
party in contract required to commit or guarantee on the financial performance in any kinds for the year ended 31 
December 2025.
Employees and Remuneration Policies
As at 31 December 2025, the Group had 178 full-time employees in Hong Kong and the PRC (31 December 2024: 
161 employees), including the Directors. Total staff costs (including Directors’ emoluments) were approximately 
HK$34.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2025 as compared to approximately HK$34.3 million for the year 
ended 31 December 2024. Such increase was mainly due to increase in bonus paid to directors and staff, who 
maintained the revenue targets under the challenging environment in 2025.
Remuneration is determined with reference to duties, responsibilities, experience and skills. On top of basic salaries, 
the Group provides discretionary bonuses to our senior management and key employees as incentive bonuses.

===== PDF_PAGE 11 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
09
Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)
Use of Listing Proceeds
The shares of the Company were listed on GEM of the Stock Exchange on 27 October 2017 (the “Listing Date”). The 
net listing proceeds received by the Company, after deducting underwriting fees and other related expenses, were 
approximately HK$42.1 million. These proceeds were applied in the manner as described in the section headed 
“Future Plans and Use of Proceeds” in the Prospectus, and were fully utilised in 2023.
Significant Event after the Reporting Period
Save as disclosed above, as at the date of this report, there was no significant event relevant to the business or 
financial performance of the Group that come to the attention of the Directors after the year ended 31 December 
2025.

===== PDF_PAGE 12 =====
Biographical Details of the Directors of  
the Company and Senior Management
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
10
Executive Directors
Mr. Or Naam, aged 57, is one of the founders of our Group and has been with our Group since 1995. He was 
appointed as a Director on 8 February 2017 and re-designated as an executive Director and chief executive officer 
of our Company on 27 February 2017. Mr. Or is also a member of remuneration committee of the Company.
Mr. Or Naam is currently a director of Takbo Limited (“Takbo”), a director of B&B (H.K.) Limited (“B&B”), Alpha 
Business Global Limited (“Alpha Business”), Full Colour Developments Limited (“Full Colour”), Dawning Beauty 
Limited (“Dawning”) and Ulrich Developments Limited (“Ulrich”), where he oversees all aspects of the operations 
of our Group including sales and marketing, product development, merchandising, production, design, research, 
strategic planning, formulation of corporate policies and new business initiatives. His key focus is to further establish 
and manage our Group’s overseas customers.
Mr. Or Naam is an entrepreneur. Over the past 30 years, he has gained start-up and operational experience in 
manufacturing and sales of packaging products (including beauty bags) and beauty products. In 1995, he joined 
our Group to design, develop and sell packaging products. Capitalising on our Group’s experience in selling 
packaging products including seasonal and promotional beauty products gift packages, Mr. Or Naam further 
expanded our Group’s business by providing “one-stop-service” to its customers, and our Group commenced the 
manufacturing of beauty products, from design, research, development and sourcing, to complement the packaging 
products for export to the U.S. and other markets.
Mr. Or Naam completed the AFS Year Programme, an intercultural, international, voluntary and non-governmental 
exchange programme which aims to provide local youth with complete and in-depth international cultural exchange 
opportunities, and to promote exchanges and learning regarding language, academic study, daily life and culture, 
to enhance their quality as global citizens (“AFS Programme”), at Daws Road High School (now known as Pasadena 
High School) in Australia for the 1988 to 1989 academic year. Mr. Or Naam was also the board member of AFS 
Intercultural Exchanges Ltd. from September 2003 to December 2015.
Mr. Or Naam is the spouse of Ms. Chan Hoi Yan Polly (an executive director), son of Ms. Chu Siu Fong (controlling 
shareholder), brother of Mr. Or Huen (an executive director) and brother-in-law of Ms. Chan Hoi Man (“Ms. HM 
Chan”), a merchandising manager of the Group.

===== PDF_PAGE 13 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
11
Biographical Details of the Directors of
the Company and Senior Management (Continued)
Ms. Chan Hoi Yan, Polly, aged 54, has been with our Group since 1995. She was appointed as an executive 
Director on 27 February 2017. Ms. Chan is currently the general manager of Takbo and a director of B&B, Alpha 
Business, Full Colour, Dawning and Takbo USA, Inc., where she oversees all day-to-day aspects of our operations 
in Hong Kong including sales and marketing, business development, merchandising, design and finance. Ms. Chan 
was appointed as a director of Minimax Corporation Limited, a company incorporated in Hong Kong (“Minimax 
HK”), with effect from 9 February 2022. Ms. Chan was also appointed as a director of Minimax Corporation Limited, 
a company incorporated in the United States (“Minimax US”), with effect from 8 March 2022.
Ms. Chan is an entrepreneur. Over the past 30 years, she has gained experience in manufacturing and sales of 
packaging products (including beauty bags) and beauty products. She joined our Group in 1995 and rose through 
the ranks over the next 11 years to become general manager of Takbo in 2006.
Ms. Chan completed the AFS Programme at the King Edward VI School, Suffolk, in the United Kingdom, for the 1989 
to 1990 academic year and obtained a Diploma in Design from the Hong Kong Polytechnic University in October 
1992. Ms. Chan is the spouse of Mr. Or Naam (an executive director), sister-in-law of Mr. Or Huen (an executive 
director), daughter-in-law of Ms. Chu Siu Fong (controlling shareholder) and sister of Ms. HM Chan (a merchandising 
manager).
Mr. Or Huen, aged 49, has been with our Group since 2002. He was appointed as an executive Director on 27 
February 2017. Mr. Or is also a member of nomination committee of the Company.
Mr. Or Huen is currently the general manager and Chairman of Cosbe and a director of Ulrich, where he oversees all 
day-to-day aspects of our operations in the PRC including sales and marketing, product research and development, 
merchandising and production, quality control, strategic planning and new business initiatives. Mr. Or Huen was 
appointed as a director of Minimax HK with effect from 9 February 2022 and a director of Minimax US with effect 
from 8 March 2022.
Mr. Or Huen is an entrepreneur. He has over 21 years of experience in manufacturing and sales of beauty products. 
Mr. Or Huen was a founding member of Cosbe and has been the general manager since its founding in 2002. At 
Cosbe, Mr. Or Huen planned and built Cosbe’s production facility. He established the key business divisions, the 
four pillars of Cosbe, namely the marketing centre, the development centre, the production centre and the quality 
control centre.
Mr. Or Huen completed the AFS Programme at Bear River High School in the U.S. for the 1993 to 1994 academic 
year. Mr. Or Huen obtained a Bachelor of Science Degree in Molecular Biotechnology (Major) and Fine Art (Minor) 
from the Chinese University of Hong Kong in November 2001. Mr. Or Huen is the brother of Mr. Or Naam (an 
executive director), son of Ms. Chu Siu Fong (controlling shareholder) and brother-in-law of Ms. Chan (an executive 
director).

===== PDF_PAGE 14 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
12
Biographical Details of the Directors of
the Company and Senior Management (Continued)
Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Tan Chong Huat, aged 62, was appointed as our independent non-executive Director on 29 September 2017. 
He is the Senior Partner and one of the founding members of RHTLaw Asia LLP, a leading full services legal practice 
with an Asia Pacific presence. Mr. Tan is the executive Chairman of RHT Group of Companies which is involved in 
sectors such as fintech, wealthtech, fund, assets and wealth management, Web3 and digital technology.
His experience and track record, set out below, as a leading finance and corporate lawyer, successful entrepreneur 
and investor, reputable corporate leader and public service champion, and dedicated law professor coupled with 
his strong practical and academic grounding throughout his career has made Mr. Tan the trusted go-to expert for 
regulatory issues, complex financing (corporate finance and project finance) transactions, deals structuring, funding 
and matching, corporate governance and board matters, and reputational management matters for corporate 
leaders and major corporates in the region and internationally. He has been named frequently a leading practitioner 
in many reputable professional publications, including IFLR1000 and Legal 500 Asia Pacific.
Mr. Tan has been helping business owners and family businesses throughout his successful career. He has advised 
Asian and European high net worth clients in their M&A, listing, divestment, business succession planning, probate, 
wealth and asset preservation and protection, and family governance. As a trusted go-to adviser, Mr. Tan has 
been appointed as administrator and trustee for the estate of his high net worth clients, as well as counsel in estate 
disputes involving families of leading Asian conglomerates.
Over the years he has successfully invested in start-ups, SMEs and listed companies. Notably, he is knowledgeable 
and passionate in blockchain, distributed ledger and related technologies, and cryptocurrencies, having invested 
into 2 exchanges which apply the DLT technology and a Web3 blockchain ecosystem platform.
Mr. Tan is a Fellow with the Singapore Institute of Director and Hong Kong Institute of Directors. He has been 
appointed on the boards as non-executive chairman, and independent director of listed companies in Singapore 
and Hong Kong. The Financial Planning Association of Singapore has also conferred on Mr. Tan an honorary 
membership. Mr. Tan was recently appointed as a mentor for the 10th Lee Kuan Yew Global Business Plan 
Competition.

===== PDF_PAGE 15 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
13
Biographical Details of the Directors of
the Company and Senior Management (Continued)
Mr. Tan is also active in public service and charity work. He is the President of the Singapore Golf Association. He 
is the chairman of National Council Against Drug Abuse. He is also the Chairman of the ASEAN Golf Federation. Mr. 
Tan is a member of the Selection Panel of SIM University Law School. He has also established a National University 
of Singapore Grant in favour of the Law Faculty under the name of his deceased father. An award named RHT Tan 
Chong Huat Corporate Crime Award has also been established by the School of Law, Singapore Management 
University. Mr. Tan was the deputy chairman of the SGX disciplinary committee and was a member of the SGX 
Appeals Committee. He was a member of the first corporate governance council set up by the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore. Mr. Tan was involved in the regulatory applications, formation and operational set up of numerous 
leading financial institutions including the Investment Company of the People’s Republic of China, a subsidiary of 
the People’s Bank of China. He was the chairman of ONERHT Foundation, formerly known as RHT Rajan Menon 
Foundation which serves causes such as Arts, Disadvantaged Groups, Education and Sustainability. He was a 
member of the International Affairs Committee of Singapore Chinese Chamber of Commerce & Industry. He was a 
Lay Person on the Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants’ Investigation and Disciplinary Panel.
Mr. Tan taught at the Law Faculty, National University of Singapore (AY 2007–2013), Business School, National 
University of Singapore (AY 2008/2009), Nanyang Business School, Nanyang Technological University (AY 2008– 
2012) and various other universities in Asia. Besides authoring two leading literature on PRC Investment laws, he 
has co-authored leading titles on Corporate Governance, and Corporate Finance Law.
Mr. Sung Chi Keung, aged 50, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 29 September 2017. 
He is the chairman of the audit committee and a member for each of the remuneration committee and nomination 
committee of the Company.
Mr. Sung has over 27 years of experience in financial management, accounting, taxation, auditing and corporate 
finance and previously worked for KPMG, PricewaterhouseCoopers Ltd. and Deloitte & Touche Corporate Finance 
Ltd. From February 2024 to July 2025, Mr. Sung was the chief financial officer of United Chinese Plastics Products 
Co., Ltd. Between June 2022 and February 2024, Mr. Sung was the Principal with CFO Centre Greater China. 
Between December 2021 and July 2025, Mr. Sung was appointed as an independent non-executive director of 
B.Duck Semk Holdings International Limited (“Semk Holdings”) (a company listed on the Main Board of the Hong 
Kong Stock Exchange on 17 January 2022, stock code: 2250) and redesignated to an executive Director and chief 
financial officer with effect from August 2025.
From April 2015 to October 2019, he was the chief financial officer of China Chuanglian Education Financial Group 
Limited (“China Chuanglian”) (formerly known as China Chuanglian Education Group Limited, China Oriental Culture 
Group Limited and ZZNode Technologies Company Limited), a company listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong 
Stock Exchange (stock code: 2371).
From September 2018 to October 2019, Mr. Sung was appointed as a director of Premier Management Limited, 
which is a corporation licensed under the Securities and Futures Ordinance and an indirectly wholly owned 
subsidiary of China Chuanglian.

===== PDF_PAGE 16 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
14
Biographical Details of the Directors of
the Company and Senior Management (Continued)
Previously, between 15 January 2007 and 30 June 2013, Mr. Sung was an executive director of Asian Citrus 
Holdings Limited, a company listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code: 73) (and 
formerly listed on the AIM of the London Stock Exchange (stock code: ACHL)). He was also the finance director and 
the company secretary between August 2004 and June 2013. Between August 2013 and March 2015, Mr. Sung 
was the chief financial officer and company secretary of China Green (Holdings) Limited (formerly known as China 
Culiangwang Beverages Holdings Limited), a company formerly listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock 
Exchange (stock code: 904).
Mr. Sung obtained a Bachelor Degree in Business Administration, majoring in Professional Accountancy from the 
Chinese University of Hong Kong in December 1997 and a Master Degree in Corporate Finance from the Hong 
Kong Polytechnic University in December 2006. He is a fellow member of the HKICPA and a fellow member of the 
Association of Chartered Certified Accountants.
Mr. Hui Ha Lam, aged 52, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 1 July 2020. He is the 
chairman of the nomination committee and the member of the audit committee of the Company.
Mr. Hui is the founder, executive director, chairman of the board and chief executive officer of B.Duck Semk 
Holdings International Limited (a company listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock 
code 2250). He is primarily responsible for the overall strategic planning, and business development. He has 
over 20 years of experience in design, marketing, licensing and branding industries. Prior to founding of Semk 
group of companies in late 2001, Mr. Hui worked as designer for Tint Concepts Limited and was responsible for 
both commercial and residential design projects from March 1998 to June 1999. From October 2000 to October 
2001, Mr. Hui worked as a product designer for Kafutoy Industrial Co., Ltd and was responsible for the design and 
manufacturing of gifts and premium products to overseas markets. Mr. Hui was a committee member of the Toy 
Advisory Committee of Hong Kong Trade Development Council from 2012 to 2016. Mr. Hui was appointed as the 
vice chairman of Asia Branding and Franchising Association in 2014. Between 2014 to 2018, and from 2022, Mr. 
Hui was also a committee member of the Design, Marketing & Licensing Services Advisory Committee of the Hong 
Kong Trade Development Council. Mr. Hui was appointed as a director to the 51st to 53rd Term Board of Directors 
of Yan Chai Hospital from 2018 to 2020 and a honorary director to the 54th Term Board of Directors of Yan Chai 
Hospital in 2021 and he also serves as a member of The 37th to 39th Term Executive Committee of The Association 
of The Directors and Former Directors of Yan Chai Hospital. Mr. Hui was a member of the executive committee of 
Group 19 (Hong Kong Toys Council) and Group 30 (Innovation and Creative Industries Council) of the Federation 
of Hong Kong Industries. He was a committee member of the Hong Kong Young Industrialist Council (Design and 
Technology Committee) and the Hong Kong Designers Association from 2018 up to now. Since 2019, Mr. Hui has 
been appointed as a director of Hong Kong Design Centre. From 2020 to 2022, Mr. Hui has been a committee 
member of Advisory Committee of Licensing International Greater China. Since 2022, Mr. Hui has been the Vice-
Chairman of the executive committee of the Hong Kong Young Industrialists (Public Relations Committee), a 
committee member of the Service Promotion Programme Committee of the Hong Kong Trade Development Council, 
an executive committee member of Merchants Support for Rehabilitated Offenders Committee. Since 2023, Mr. Hui 
has been appointed as a committee member of the Steering Committee of the Hong Kong Design Centre.

===== PDF_PAGE 17 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
15
Biographical Details of the Directors of
the Company and Senior Management (Continued)
Mr. Hui obtained a bachelor of arts degree majoring in Fine Arts from the Chinese University of Hong Kong 
in December 1997 and a master of arts in three dimensional design from the Kent Institute of Art & Design in 
September 2000.
Senior Management
Ms. Lui Shuet Ching, aged 56, is the accounting and finance manager of our Group. Ms. Lui joined our Group in 
September 1995 as a clerk of the account department and was promoted to her current position in April 2001. She 
is primarily responsible for supervising accounting operations, preparing accounting report, reviewing management 
report and monitoring cash flow status. Ms. Lui possesses over 25 years of experience in accounting and finance.
Ms. Lui passed the examinations held by the London Chamber of Commerce and Industry Examination Board in 
book-keeping and accounts (second level), cost accounting (second level) and accounting (third level) in 1989, 
1993 and 1994, respectively. She also obtained a diploma in accounting and management in February 2006 from 
the Caritas Bianchi College of Careers (Evening) in Hong Kong and a diploma in business strategy and tactics in 
July 2008 from the Vocational Training Council in Hong Kong.
Ms. Chan Hoi Man (“Ms. HM Chan”), aged 47, is the merchandising manager of our Group. Ms. HM Chan joined 
our Group in May 1997 as a merchandiser and was promoted to her current position in February 2016. She is 
primarily responsible for leading and managing the operations of the merchandising team in the PRC, approving 
purchase orders of raw material for production, liaising with customers and providing price quotation. Ms. HM Chan 
has approximately 25 years of experience in the manufacturing industry. Ms. HM Chan is the sister of Ms. Chan.
Ms. Chu Choi Yin (“Ms. CY Chu”), aged 44, is the sales manager of our Group. Ms. CY Chu joined our Group in 
October 2005 as a sales executive and was promoted to her current position in April 2013. She is responsible for 
product development and customer service, as well as leading the sales team in the PRC to monitor the progress of 
projects. Ms. CY Chu has over 15 years of experience in the sales and marketing industry. Prior to joining our Group, 
Ms. CY Chu was a merchandiser at Ellon Gift Products Ltd. from August 2001 to June 2003.

===== PDF_PAGE 18 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
16
Biographical Details of the Directors of
the Company and Senior Management (Continued)
Company Secretary
Ms. Ng Wai Kam (“Ms. Ng”) was appointed as the company secretary of the Company with effect from 28 
November 2025 in place of Ms. Wong Yuen Ki who has resigned. Ms. Ng is a Senior Manager of Company 
Secretarial Services of Tricor Services Limited (member of Vistra Group), a global professional services provider 
specializing in integrated business, corporate and investor services. Ms. Ng has over 10 years of experience in the 
corporate secretarial field. She has been providing professional corporate services to Hong Kong listed companies as 
well as multinational, private and offshore companies.
Ms. Ng is a Chartered Secretary, a Chartered Governance Professional and an Associate of both The Hong Kong 
Chartered Governance Institute and The Chartered Governance Institute in the United Kingdom. Ms. Ng obtained a 
bachelor’s degree in business administration from Hong Kong Shue Yan University in July 2011.

===== PDF_PAGE 19 =====
Report of the Directors
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
17
The Directors have pleasure in presenting their annual report together with the audited consolidated financial 
statements of the Group (the “Consolidated Financial Statements”) for the year ended 31 December 2025 (the 
“Year”).
Principal Activities and Business Review
The principal activity of the Group is (i) the design, development, manufacture and sale of beauty products; and (ii) 
the design, development and sale of beauty bags. Details of the principal activities of the principal subsidiaries of 
the Company are set out in note 40 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
The business review of the Group for the Year together the future business development as required pursuant to 
Schedule 5 to the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong) are set out in the section headed 
“Management Discussion and Analysis” on pages 5 to 9 of this annual report. This discussion form part of the report 
of directors.
Environmental Policies and Performance
Discussion on the environmental policies and performance is contained in the “Environmental, Social and 
Governance Report” on pages 50 to 82 of this annual report. This discussion form part of the report of directors.
Compliance with Laws and Regulations
Sufficient resources and training have been allocated and provided to ensure the on-going compliance with 
applicable laws and regulations. During the Year, the Board is not aware of any incidence of non-compliance 
with the relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the Group’s business where the Group is 
operating.
Relationship with Key Parties
The success of the Group also depends on the support from key parties which comprise customers, suppliers, 
employees and shareholders.
Customers
The Group’s principal customers mainly include retailers, beauty product brand owners and trading companies. Our 
sales and marketing efforts have focused on the provision of competitive prices, reliable and timely delivery, and 
quality products and services to them. We have established a long term relationship with our major customers and 
therefore focus on manufacturing and/or selling quality assured products to maintain our reputation in the industry.
We have a close working relationship with our customers throughout the sales process from the product design and 
development stage to production phase and product delivery. We communicate with our key customers to better 
understand their needs and produce products to match the desired image of their brands.

===== PDF_PAGE 20 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
18
Report of the Directors (Continued)
Suppliers
Good relationship with suppliers constitutes one of the essential elements of the Group’s success. In order to 
ensure the quality of supplies which would enhance consistency in our product qualities, we have a strict system 
for selecting our suppliers. We have adopted and implemented written guidelines and policies governing our 
procedures in selecting new suppliers and monitoring the on-going performance of the existing suppliers. We would 
also demand our chosen suppliers to comply with relevant local and industrial quality control standards and perform 
quality tests on the supplied materials.
Employees
The Group focuses on the talents of our employees as our most valuable asset. We strive to create a good 
workplace that our employees are happy and motivated to work in. Our employees are treated fairly with respect 
and we reward performing staff by providing competitive remuneration packages and implementing an effective 
performance appraisal system with appropriate incentives, namely equal promotion opportunity.
Shareholders
The principal goal of the Group is to maximize the return to the shareholders of the Company. The Group will focus 
on our core business for achieving sustainable profit growth and rewarding the shareholders with dividend payouts 
taking into account the business development needs and financial health of the Group.
Principal Risks and Uncertainties
The business operations and results of the Group may be affected by various factors, some of which are external 
causes and some are inherent to the business. Other than the trade tension between the US and the PRC, the Board 
is aware that the Group is exposed to various risks and the principal risks and uncertainties are summarized below:
Tariff
The relationship between US and the PRC are still of high uncertainty. The timing of releasing the extra tariffs that 
introduced by US under the trade war in 2019 would remain uncertain. Since our key customers are from US, our 
sales demand as well as our overall business performance may be materially and adversely affected.

===== PDF_PAGE 21 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
19
Report of the Directors (Continued)
Others
The sales and profitability of our products are dependent on our customers’ business performance. We sell our 
products mainly to retailers, beauty products brand owners and trading companies. The business performance of 
our customers could underperform due to a number of factors, such as changes in business strategies, failure to 
develop successful marketing strategies, changes in the market demand for our customers’ products and adverse 
market or economic conditions in the markets in which our customers operate, in particular, the U.S. If the business 
performance of our customers deteriorates, they could reduce the amount of their purchases for our products, or 
terminate their business relationship from us, which could have a material and adverse impact on our business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospect.
Any shortage in labour, increase in labour costs, strikes, labour unrests or other adverse factors affecting our labour 
force and supply chain may have a material adverse effect on our business operations.
As we expand our production capabilities and capacities, we will require more production personnel. There is no 
assurance that we will not experience any shortage of labour for our production. Given the economic growth in the 
PRC, competition for labour is substantial and labour costs have been increasing generally, and we cannot assure 
that we can retain and attract sufficient qualified employees on commercially reasonable terms in the future. If we 
fail to retain and attract sufficient labour, we may not be able to effectively implement our expansion plans, our 
business, financial conditions and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected.
The economic, political and social conditions in the PRC, as well as government policies, laws and regulations, 
could affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
The Group maintains substantial amount of business assets and operations in the PRC. Accordingly, our results of 
operations are subject to economic, political and legal developments in the PRC. Any changes in its regulations will 
definitely affect our business in this regional segment.
Results and Appropriations
The results of the Group for the Year are set out in the Consolidated Financial Statements on pages 88 to 157.
The Directors did not recommend the payment of a final dividend to shareholders of the Company for the Year (31 
December 2024: Nil).
Five Years Financial Summary
A summary of the published results, assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is set out on 
page 158. This summary does not form part of the Consolidated Financial Statements.

===== PDF_PAGE 22 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
20
Report of the Directors (Continued)
Share Capital
As at 31 December 2025, 400,000,000 shares of the Company were in issue. Details of the movement in share 
capital during the Year are set out in note 33 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Equity-linked Agreements
Other than the share option scheme of the Company, no equity-linked agreements that will or may result in the 
Company issuing shares or that require the Company to enter into any agreements that will or may result in the 
Company issuing shares were entered into by the Company during the Year or subsisted at the end of the Year.
Pre-emptive Rights
There is no provision for the pre-emptive rights under the Company’s Articles of Association, or the laws of the 
Cayman Islands, which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to existing shareholders.
Purchase, Sale or Redemption of the Company’s Listed Securities
The Company has not redeemed any of its shares during the Year. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries 
has purchased or sold any of the Company’s shares (including sale of treasury shares (defined under GEM Listing 
Rules)) during the Year.
As at 31 December 2025, there were no treasury shares held by the Company.
Distributable Reserves
As at 31 December 2025, the Company’s reserves amounted to HK$124.2 million were available for distribution (31 
December 2024: HK$124.0 million). The share premium account is distributable to the shareholders provided that 
immediately following the date on which any dividend is proposed to be distributed, the Company will be able to pay 
its debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. Details of the movement in reserves of the Company 
during the Year are set out in note 39 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

===== PDF_PAGE 23 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
21
Report of the Directors (Continued)
Major Customers and Suppliers
The percentages of purchases and sales for the Year attributable to the Group’s major suppliers and customers are as 
follows:
Purchases
– the largest supplier 12.4%
– five largest suppliers in aggregate 36.3%
Sales
– the largest customer 33.0%
– five largest customers in aggregate 86.1%
 
To the best knowledge of the Directors, none of the Directors or their respective close associates or any of our 
existing shareholders, whom to the best knowledge of the Directors owns more than 5% of the Company’s issued 
share capital, has any interest in any of the Group’s five largest customers or suppliers during the Year.
Directors and Directors’ Service Contracts
The Directors of the Company who held office during the Year and up to the date of this report were:
Executive Directors
Mr. Or Naam (Chief Executive Officer)
Ms. Chan Hoi Yan Polly
Mr. Or Huen
Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Tan Chong Huat (Chairman)
Mr. Sung Chi Keung
Mr. Hui Ha Lam
Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company for a term of three years 
commencing on 27 October 2017 and shall continue thereafter until terminated by not less than three months’ notice 
in writing served by either party on the other.
Each of the independent non-executive Directors (except Mr. Hui Ha Lam) has entered into a letter of appointment 
with the Company for a term of one year commencing on 27 October 2017 and shall continue thereafter until 
terminated by not less than one month’s notice in writing served by either party on the other.

===== PDF_PAGE 24 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
22
Report of the Directors (Continued)
Mr. Hui Ha Lam has entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for a term of one year commencing on 
1 July 2020 and shall continue thereafter until terminated by not less than one month’s notice in writing served by 
either party on the other.
All Directors are subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at annual general meeting, and will continue 
thereafter until terminated in accordance with the terms of the service agreement/letter of appointment.
In accordance with the Article 83(3) of Company’s Articles of Association, any Director appointed by the Board to 
fill a casual vacancy or either as an addition to the existing Board shall hold office only until the first annual general 
meeting of the Company and shall then be eligible for re-election.
In accordance with the Article 84(1) of Company’s Articles of Association, at each annual general meeting one-third 
of the Directors for the time being shall retire from office by rotation.
Accordingly, Mr. Or Naam and Mr. Sung Chi Keung shall retire from office at the forthcoming annual general 
meeting to be held on 8 May 2026 (Friday) (the “AGM”). All of the retired directors, being eligible, offer themselves 
for re-election, at the AGM.
Apart from the foregoing, no Director proposed for re-election at the AGM has a service contract which is not 
determinable by the Company or any of its subsidiaries within one year without payment of compensation, other 
than statutory compensation.
Confirmation on Independence
Each of the independent non-executive Directors has made an annual confirmation of independence pursuant to 
Rule 5.09 of the GEM Listing Rules. The Company is of the view that all independent non-executive Directors meet 
the independence guidelines set out in Rule 5.09 of the GEM Listing Rules and are independent in accordance with 
the terms of the guidelines.
Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management
The biographical details of the Directors and senior management of the Group are disclosed in the section headed 
“Biographical Details of the Directors of the Company and Senior Management” on pages 10 to 16 of this annual 
report.

===== PDF_PAGE 25 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
23
Report of the Directors (Continued)
Changes of Directors’ Information
The Company is not aware of any other changes in the directors’ information which are required to be disclosed 
pursuant to Rule 17.50A(1) of the GEM Listing Rules since the publication of interim report for the six months ended 
30 June 2025 of the Company.
Permitted Indemnity Provisions
Pursuant to Article 164 of the Articles of Association of the Company, the Directors, secretary and other officers and 
every auditor for the time being of the Company shall be indemnified and secured harmless out of the assets and 
profits of the Company from and against all actions, costs, charges, losses, damages and expenses which they 
shall or may incur, provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty 
which may attach to any of said persons. Such provision was in force during the Year. In addition, the Company has 
also maintained Directors’ and officers’ liability insurance during the Year, which provides appropriate cover for the 
directors and officers of the Group.
Directors’ Emoluments and Five Highest Paid Individuals
The Directors’ emoluments are subject to shareholders’ approval at annual general meeting. Other emoluments are 
determined by the Board of the Company with reference to the recommendations by remuneration committee of the 
Company, directors’ duties, responsibilities and performance and the results of the Group.
Details of the Directors’ emoluments and five highest paid individuals are set out in notes 16 and 15(b) respectively  
to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the annual report.
Emolument Policy
A remuneration committee was set up by the Board to develop the Group’s emolument policy and structure for 
remuneration of the directors and senior management of the Group, having regard to the Group’s operating results, 
individual performance of the directors and senior management and comparable market practices.

===== PDF_PAGE 26 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
24
Report of the Directors (Continued)
Directors’ Material Interests in Transactions, Arrangements and 
Contracts that are Significant in Relation to the Company’s Business
During the Year, the Group entered into certain related party transactions, details of which are disclosed in 
note 38(a) to the Consolidated Financial Statements. These transactions were conducted in the normal course of 
business, and the amounts fell under de minimis transactions per Rule 20.74(1) of the GEM Listing Rules during the 
Year.
Save as disclosed and the service contract/letter of appointment with the Directors, no other transactions, 
arrangements or contracts that is significant in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company or any of its 
subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director or an entity connected with a Director had, directly or indirectly, a 
material interest subsisted at the end of the Year or at any time during the Year.
Non-competition Undertaking
Classic Charm Investments Limited, Mr. Or Naam, Ms. Polly Chan and Ms. Chu Siu Fong (the “Controlling 
Shareholders”) gave a non-competition undertaking in favour of the Company, pursuant to which the Controlling 
Shareholders undertake and covenant with the Company that they shall not, and shall procure any Covenantor and 
my/our close associates (each a “Controlled Person” and collectively, the “Controlled Persons”) and any company 
directly or indirectly controlled by the Covenantor (which for the purpose of the Deed of Non-Competition, shall not 
include any member of our Group) (the “Controlled Company”) not to, except through any member of our Group, 
directly or indirectly (whether as principal or agent, through any body corporate, partnership, joint venture or 
other contractual arrangement and whether for profit or otherwise), carry on, engage in, invest or be interested or 
otherwise involved in any business that is similar to or in competition with or is likely to be in competition with any 
business carried on or contemplated to be carried on by any member of our Group from time to time or in which any 
member of our Group is engaged or has invested or is otherwise involved in or which any member of our Group has 
otherwise publicly announced its intention to enter into, engage in or invest in (whether as principal or agent and 
whether directly or through any body corporate, partnership, joint venture, or other contractual or other arrangement) 
in any territory that our Group carries on its business from time to time.
The Company has received the confirmation from the Controlling Shareholders in respect of their compliance with 
the terms of non-competition undertaking for the Year.
The independent non-executive Directors had reviewed and confirmed that the Controlling Shareholders have 
complied with the non-competition undertaking and the non-competition undertaking has been enforced by the 
Company in accordance with its terms for the Year. Furthermore, there was no new business opportunities referred 
by the Controlling Shareholders to the Company during the Year.

===== PDF_PAGE 27 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
25
Report of the Directors (Continued)
Related Parties Transactions
Details of the related parties transactions undertaken in the normal course of business are set out in note 38 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements.
Conflict of Interests
Saved as disclosed above, during the Year, none of the directors, the substantial shareholders or the management 
shareholders of the Company or any of their respective associates has engaged in any business that competes or 
may compete, either directly or indirectly, with the business of the Group or has any other conflict of interests with 
the Group.
Share Option Scheme
The Company has conditionally adopted the share option scheme (“Share Option Scheme”), which was approved 
by written resolutions passed by its sole Shareholder on 29 September 2017 and became unconditional on 27 
October 2017. The terms of the Share Option Scheme are in accordance with the provisions of Chapter 23 of the 
GEM Listing Rules. As of the date of this annual report, there is only one share option scheme.
The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to advance the interests of the Company and the shareholders 
by enabling the Company to grant options to attract, retain and reward the eligible persons, namely directors, 
employees, consultants, advisers, any provider of goods and/or services to the Group; any customer of the Group 
and any person, who at the sole discretion of the Board, has contributed to the Group, and to provide the eligible 
persons an incentive or reward for their contribution to the Group and by enabling such persons’ contribution to 
further advance the interests of the Group.
Pursuant to the Share Option Scheme, the Company may grant options to eligible persons to subscribe shares of 
the Company until any inside information has been announced, if any.
An offer shall remain open for acceptance by the Eligible Person concerned for such period as determined by the 
Board, being a date not later than ten Business Days after the offer date by which the Eligible Person must accept 
the offer or be deemed to have declined it, provided that no such offer shall be open for acceptance after the 
tenth anniversary of the date of adoption of the Share Option Scheme or after the Share Option Scheme has been 
terminated in accordance with the provisions of the Share Option Scheme. The amount payable by the grantee to 
our Company on acceptance of the offer shall be a nominal amount to be determined by the Board.

===== PDF_PAGE 28 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
26
Report of the Directors (Continued)
Unless the Company obtains a fresh approval from the shareholders pursuant to the conditions set out in the Share 
Option Scheme, the total number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under 
the Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes shall not in aggregate exceed 10% of the total 
number of shares in issue from time to time. As at the date of this annual report, the number of issued Shares of the 
Company is 400,000,000 Shares and total number of shares issued or to be issued under the Share Option Scheme 
of the Company is 40,000,000 Shares which represented approximately 10% (2024: 10%) of the issued share 
capital of the Company, if all the options under the Share Option Scheme have been granted to and duly exercised 
by eligible persons.
The total number of shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of the options granted to each eligible person 
(including both exercised and outstanding options under the Share Option Scheme) in any twelve-month period 
must not exceed 1% of the issued share capital of the Company. Where any further grant of options to an eligible 
person would result in excess of such limit shall be subject to the approval of the shareholders at general meeting 
with such eligible person and his close associates (or his associates if the eligible person is a connected person) 
abstaining from voting.
Where options are proposed to be granted to a substantial Shareholder or an independent non-executive Director or 
any of their respective associates, and the proposed grant of options will result in the total number of Shares issued 
and to be issued upon exercise of all options already granted and to be granted (including options exercised, 
cancelled and outstanding) to such person in the twelve-month period up to and including the date of such grant 
representing in aggregate over 0.1% of the issued share capital of our Company and having an aggregate value, 
based on the closing price of the Shares at the date of each grant, in excess of HK$5 million, such grant of options 
must be subject to the approval of the Shareholders at general meeting. The grantee involved in such proposed 
grant of options, his associates and all core connected persons of our Company must abstain from voting in such 
general meeting (except that any such persons may vote against the proposed grant provided that his intention to 
do so has been stated in the relevant circular to the Shareholders).
The Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of 10 years from the date of adoption to 28 
September 2027, after which period no further options will be granted or offered.
The share options are exercisable at any time during period of not more than 10 years from the date of grant, subject 
to the terms and conditions of the Share Option Scheme, or any conditions stipulated by the Board of Directors.

===== PDF_PAGE 29 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
27
Report of the Directors (Continued)
The exercise price of the share option will be not less than the highest of:
(a) the closing price of a Share as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the offer date;
(b) the average closing price of a Share as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheets for the five 
business days immediately preceding the offer date; and
(c) the nominal value of a Share on the offer date.
As at 31 December 2025, there was no option outstanding, granted, cancelled, exercised or lapsed. The number of 
the share options available for grant under the mandate limit of the Share Option Scheme as at 1 January 2025 and 
31 December 2025 were 40,000,000.
Details of the principal terms of the Share Option Scheme are set out in paragraph headed “13. Share Option 
Scheme” in section headed “Statutory and General Information” in Appendix IV to the Prospectus of the Company.
Apart from the aforesaid Share Option Schemes, at no time during the year ended 31 December 2025 was the 
Company or any associated corporation a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors to acquire benefits by 
means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate, and none of the 
Directors, or their spouses or children under the age 18, had any right to subscribe for the shares in, or debentures 
of, the Company, or had exercise any such rights.

===== PDF_PAGE 30 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
28
Report of the Directors (Continued)
Directors and Chief Executive’s Interests and Short Positions in 
Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures
As at 31 December 2025, the interests and short positions of Directors and the chief executives of the Company in 
the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning 
of Part XV of the SFO) which were notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 
of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they are taken or deemed to have under such 
provisions of the SFO) or which were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be recorded in the register 
referred to therein or which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to  
Rules 5.46 to 5.67 of the GEM Listing Rules, were as follows:
Long Position in the Ordinary Shares and Underlying Shares of the Company
Interests in the Company
Interests in ordinary shares
Name of director
Personal
interests
Family
interests
Corporate
interests
Total
interests in
ordinary
shares
Total
interests in
underlying
shares
Aggregate
interests
% of the
Company’s
issued
voting
shares        
Mr. Or NaamNote – – 300,000,000 300,000,000 – 300,000,000 75%
Ms. Chan Hoi Yan PollyNote – – 300,000,000 300,000,000 – 300,000,000 75%
Note: The 300,000,000 shares are beneficially held by Classic Charm Investments Limited, which is legally and beneficially owned as to 50.8% by 
Mr. Or Naam, as to 39.7% by Ms. Chu Siu Fong and 9.5% by Ms. Chan Hoi Yan Polly. As Mr. Or Naam, Ms. Chu Siu Fong and Ms. Chan Hoi 
Yan Polly are parties acting in concert, they are deemed to be interested in 300,000,000 Shares held by Classic Charm Investments Limited 
by virtue of the SFO.
Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, none of the directors and chief executive of the Company had 
any interests and short positions in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated 
corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) as recorded in the register required to be kept under 
Section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the standards 
of dealing by Directors as referred to in Rule 5.48 to 5.67 of the GEM Listing Rules.

===== PDF_PAGE 31 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
29
Report of the Directors (Continued)
Substantial Shareholder’s Interests and/or Short Position in Shares 
and Underlying Shares of the Company
As at 31 December 2025, the following persons/entities (not being Directors or chief executive of our Company) 
have an interest or a short position in the Shares or the underlying Shares which were disclosed to the Company 
and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in 
the register of the Company required to be kept under section 336 of the SFO, were as follows:
Long Position in the Ordinary Shares and Underlying Shares of the Company
Name of shareholders Capacity
Number of 
shares held
% of the 
Company’s 
issued voting 
shares    
Classic Charm Investments Limited Beneficial owner 300,000,000 75%
Ms. Chu Siu FongNote Interest in controlled corporation 300,000,000 75%
Note: The 300,000,000 shares are beneficially held by Classic Charm Investments Limited, which is legally and beneficially owned as to 50.8% by 
Mr. Or Naam, as to 39.7% by Ms. Chu Siu Fong and 9.5% by Ms. Chan Hoi Yan Polly. As Mr. Or Naam, Ms. Chu Siu Fong and Ms. Chan Hoi 
Yan Polly are parties acting in concert, they are deemed to be interested in 300,000,000 Shares held by Classic Charm Investments Limited 
by virtue of the SFO.
Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, the Company had not been notified by any persons (other than 
directors or chief executive of the Company) who had interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares 
of the Company which would fall under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO to be disclosed to 
the Company, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the 
SFO.
Sufficiency of Public Float
Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the directors of the 
Company as at the latest practicable date prior to the issue of this report, the Company has maintained the 
prescribed public float under the GEM Listing Rules of at least 25% of the Company’s total number of issued shares 
which was held by the public.

===== PDF_PAGE 32 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
30
Report of the Directors (Continued)
Corporate Governance Report
Details of the Group’s corporate governance practices can be found in the Corporate Governance Report contained 
on pages 31 to 49 in this annual report.
Annual General Meeting (“AGM”)
The AGM of the Company will be held on 8 May 2026 (Friday) and the notice convening such meeting will be 
published and despatched to the shareholders of the Company (if requested) in due course.
Closure of the Register of Members
The Register of Members of the Company will be closed from 4 May 2026 (Monday) to 8 May 2026 (Friday) (both 
days inclusive), during which period no transfers of shares will be registered. To determine the entitlement to attend 
and vote at the AGM of the Company, all transfer documents, accompanied by the relevant share certificates, 
must be lodged with the Company’s Branch Share Registrar in Hong Kong, Tricor Investor Services Limited, at 17/
F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on 30 April 2026 
(Thursday).
Auditor
As stated in the announcement of the Company on 9 December 2024, the Company has resolved to appoint BDO 
Limited as the new auditor of the Company with effect from 9 December 2024 to fill the casual vacancy following 
the resignation of RSM Hong Kong and to hold office until the conclusion of the next AGM of the Company. Save as 
disclosed above, there have been no other changes of auditors in the past three years.
The Consolidated Financial Statements have been audited by BDO Limited, who retire and, being eligible, offer 
themselves for re-appointment. A resolution to re-appoint the retiring auditors is to be proposed at the AGM.
By order of the Board
Takbo Group Holdings Limited
Or Naam
Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director
Hong Kong, 20 March 2026

===== PDF_PAGE 33 =====
Corporate Governance Report
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
31
Corporate Governance Principles and Practices
The Board and the management of the Company are committed to a high standard of corporate governance. 
The Company considers such commitment is essential for the effective management. The Company’s corporate 
governance practices are based on the principles and code provisions as set out in the corporate governance 
codes (the “CG Code”) as contained in Appendix C1 to the GEM Listing Rules.
During the year ended 31 December 2025 (the “Year”), the Board considers that the Company has complied with all 
the CG Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the GEM Listing Rules, save for the following:
Code Provisions C.1.6
Under Code Provision C.1.6 of the CG Code, independent non-executive directors and other non-executive 
directors should attend general meetings. For the Year, Mr. Tan Chong Huat (“Mr. Tan”), Mr. Sung Chi Keung (“Mr. 
Sung”) and Mr. Hui Ha Lam (“Mr. Hui”), independent non-executive Directors, had not attended the annual general 
meeting held on 9 May 2025 (“2025 AGM”). Mr. Tan, Mr. Sung and Mr. Hui had other important prior engagement at 
the same time.
Code Provision F.2.2
Under Code Provision F.2.2 of the CG Code, the chairman of the Board should attend the annual general meeting. 
For the Year, Mr. Tan, the chairman of the Board, who stationed and worked in Singapore, did not attend the 2025 
AGM due to his other important prior engagement at the same time.
Details of compliance of the CG Code during the Year are explained in this corporate governance report.
Code of Conduct for Securities Transactions by Directors
The Company has adopted a code of conduct regarding securities transactions by the directors, its employees, and 
the directors and employees of its subsidiaries and holding companies (the “Relevant Employees”), who may likely 
possess inside information on the Company or its securities, on terms no less exacting than the required standard 
of dealings set out in Rules 5.48 to 5.67 of the GEM Listing Rules. Having made specific enquiry of all Directors and 
the Relevant Employees, they all confirmed that they had complied with the required standard of dealings and the 
code of conduct regarding securities transactions by directors adopted by the Company during the Year.

===== PDF_PAGE 34 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
32
Corporate Governance Report (Continued)
The Board of Directors
Responsibilities
The Board assumes responsibility for leadership and control of the Company; and is collectively responsible for 
directing and supervising the Company’s affairs. The management are delegated the authority and responsibilities 
by the Board for the day-to-day management and operation of the Company. The delegated functions and work 
tasks are reviewed by the Board periodically.
Composition
The composition of the Board reflects the necessary balance of skills and experience desirable for effective 
leadership of the Company and independence in decision making.
Throughout the Year, the Board comprises six Directors. As at 31 December 2025 and up to the date of this annual 
report, there are three executive Directors and three independent non-executive Directors of the Company. The 
composition of the Board is as follows:
Executive Directors
Mr. Or Naam (Chief Executive Officer)
Ms. Chan Hoi Yan Polly 
Mr. Or Huen
Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Tan Chong Huat (Chairman)
Mr. Sung Chi Keung
Mr. Hui Ha Lam
During the Year, there was no change in the composition of the Board.
The relationship among members of the Board and biographical details and responsibilities of the Directors as well as 
the senior management are set out in the section “Biographical Details of the Directors of the Company and Senior 
Management” on pages 10 to 16. The updated list of Directors and their role and function are published at the 
website of the Stock Exchange and the Company’s website at www.takbogroup.com.
Save as disclosed in the section headed “Biographical Details of the Directors of the Company and Senior 
Management” to this report, the Directors have no other financial, business, family or other material/relevant 
relationships with each other.

===== PDF_PAGE 35 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
33
Corporate Governance Report (Continued)
The Board is accountable to shareholders for the Company’s performance and activities. While the Board is primarily 
overseeing and managing the Company’s affairs, the executive Directors constituting the senior management of the 
Company are delegated with responsibilities in the day-to-day management of the Company and make operational 
and business decisions within the control of and delegation framework of the Company. The independent non- 
executive Directors contribute valuable views and proposals for the Board’s deliberation and decisions.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
The roles of the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company are separated. Mr. Tan Chong Huat is the 
non-executive Chairman of the Board. The primary role of the Chairman is to help the Board to provide the Company 
with effective leadership and ensure the continuing effectiveness of the management team and the high standards 
of probity within the Company. Mr. Or Naam is the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. He oversees all aspects 
of the operations of the Group including sales and marketing, product development, merchandising, production, 
design, research, strategic planning, formulation of corporate policies and new business initiatives. His key focus is 
to further establish and manage the Group’s overseas customers.
Independent Non-executive Directors
The Company has throughout the Year met the requirements of the GEM Listing Rules relating to the appointment 
of at least three independent non-executive Directors with at least one of them possessing appropriate professional 
qualifications, accounting or related financial management expertise. At all times during the Year, the independent 
non-executive Directors represent at least one-third of the Board pursuant to Rule 5.05A of the GEM Listing Rules.
Prior to their respective appointment, each of the independent non-executive Directors has submitted a written 
statement to the Stock Exchange confirming their independence and has undertaken to inform the Stock Exchange as 
soon as practicable if there is any subsequent change of circumstances which may affect their independence.
Confirmation of Independence
Each of the independent non-executive Directors has made an annual confirmation of independence pursuant to 
5.09 of the GEM Listing Rules to the Company in respect of their independence for the Year. The Company is of the 
view that all independent non-executive Directors meet the independence guidelines set out in Rule 5.09 of the GEM 
Listing Rules and are independent in accordance with the terms of the independence guidelines throughout the 
Year.

===== PDF_PAGE 36 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
34
Corporate Governance Report (Continued)
Appointment and Re-election of Directors
Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company for a term of three years 
commencing on 27 October 2017 and shall continue thereafter until terminated by not less than three months’ notice 
in writing served by either party on the other.
Each of the independent non-executive Directors (except Mr. Hui Ha Lam) has entered into a letter of appointment 
with the Company for a term of one year commencing on 27 October 2017 and shall continue thereafter until 
terminated by not less than one month’s notice in writing served by either party on the other.
Mr. Hui Ha Lam has entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for a term of one year commencing on 
1 July 2020 and shall continue thereafter until terminated by not less than one month’s notice in writing served by 
either party on the other.
All Directors are subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at annual general meeting, and will continue 
thereafter until terminated in accordance with the terms of the service agreement/letter of appointment.
In accordance with the articles of association of the Company, at each annual general meeting, one-third of the 
Directors for the time being shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director shall be subject to 
retirement at an annual general meeting at least once every three years. Such retiring Directors shall be eligible for 
re-election at the annual general meeting.
Any Director appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy shall hold office until the first general meeting of 
shareholders after their appointment and be subject to re-election at such meeting and any Director appointed by 
the Board as an addition to the existing Board shall hold office only until the next following annual general meeting 
of the Company and shall then be eligible for re-election.
Board Meetings
The Board is scheduled to meet regularly at least four times a year at approximately quarterly intervals, to discuss 
the overall strategy as well as the operational and financial performance of the Company. Other Board meetings will 
be held when necessary. Such Board meetings involve the active participation, either in person or through other 
electronic means of communication, of a majority of Directors.
For the Year, the Company held four Board meetings and four audit committee meetings; while one meeting for 
each of the remuneration committee and nomination committee has also been held, and the Chairman met with all 
independent non-executive Directors without the presence of other Directors in compliance with the GEM Listing 
Rules. In addition, external auditors has met with audit committee members for discussions on the proposed audit 
scope and matters for the Year.

===== PDF_PAGE 37 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
35
Corporate Governance Report (Continued)
Directors’ Attendance at Board/Board Committee/General Meetings
Here below are details of all Directors’ attendance at the board meetings, board committee meetings and annual 
general meeting held during the Year:
Board
Meetings
Audit
Committee
Meetings
Remuneration
Committee
Meeting
Nomination
Committee
Meeting
Annual
General
Meeting      
Total number of meetings 
held 4 4 1 1 1
Number of meetings attended
Executive Directors
Mr. Or Naam 3 2* 1 0 1
Ms. Chan Hoi Yan Polly 4 3 0 1* 1
Mr. Or Huen 3 1* 0 0 0
Independent Non-executive 
Directors
Mr. Tan Chong Huat 4 4 1 0 0
Mr. Sung Chi Keung 4 4 1 1 1
Mr. Hui Ha Lam 3 3 0 1 0
* Attended as an invitee.
During the Year, the Chairman also held meeting with the independent non-executive Directors without the presence 
of other Directors.
Practices and Conduct of Meetings
Annual meeting schedules and draft agenda of each meeting are normally made available to all directors in 
advance. Notices of regular board meetings are served to all directors at least 14 days before the meetings. For 
other Board and committee meetings, reasonable notice is generally given. All Directors are consulted to include 
additional matters in the agenda for such meetings.
Board paper together with all appropriate, complete and reliable information are sent to all directors at least 3 days 
before each Board meeting or committee meeting to keep them apprised of the latest developments and financial 
position of the Company and to enable them to make informed decisions. Queries raised by directors shall receive a 
prompt and full response by the management.
At the annual general meeting, the Chairman as well as chairmen of the nomination committee, remuneration 
committee and audit committee or, in their absence, other members of the respective committees shall attend to 
answer questions from shareholders at the annual general meeting. At the 2025 AGM, Ms. Chan Hoi Yan Polly acted 
as chairman and answered questions from shareholders at the meeting.

===== PDF_PAGE 38 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
36
Corporate Governance Report (Continued)
Directors have access to the advice and services of the company secretary of the Company with a view to ensuring 
that board procedures, and all applicable rules and regulations, are followed.
The company secretary of the Company is responsible to keep minutes of all Board meetings and committee 
meetings. Both draft and final versions of the minutes will be sent to all Directors for their comment and records. 
Minutes of board and board committee meetings are kept by the Company Secretary and such minutes are open for 
inspection at any reasonable time on reasonable prior notice by any Director.
According to the current Board practice, any material transaction, which involves a conflict of interest for a 
substantial shareholder or a director, will be considered and dealt with by the Board at a duly convened Board 
meeting. Upon reasonable request, the Company should provide separate independent professional advice to 
directors to assist them to discharge their duties in the appropriate circumstance.
Procedure for Seeking Independent Professional Advice by Directors
The Company has agreed to provide separate independent professional advice and sufficient resources to Directors 
and all Board Committees to assist them to discharge their duties in compliance with the GEM Listing Rules and 
CG Code. The Company has established a Board Independence Evaluation Mechanism to enable Directors and 
members of all Board Committees, upon reasonable request, to seek and be provided with independent professional 
advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expense. The Board reviews the implementation and 
effectiveness of the Board Independence Evaluation Mechanism at least annually. During the year ended 31 
December 2025, the Board has reviewed the Board Independence Evaluation Mechanism and considered that the 
implementation of the said mechanism was effective.
The Company has subscribed an insurance policy with an aim to indemnify its Directors and senior management 
from any losses, damages, liabilities and expenses arising from, including but not limited to, any proceedings 
brought against them during the performance of their duties pursuant to their respective services agreements 
entered into with the Company.
Induction and Continuous Professional Trainings of Directors
Arrangements have been made to provide each new director a comprehensive, formal and tailored induction on the 
first occasion of his appointment and continuing briefing and professional development when necessary.
Each newly appointed Director shall receive formal, comprehensive and tailored induction on the first occasion 
of his/her appointment to ensure appropriate understanding of the business and operations of the Company and 
full awareness of director’s responsibilities and obligations under the GEM Listing Rules and relevant statutory 
requirements.
The Directors have also been informed of the requirement under the CG Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the 
GEM Listing Rules regarding continuous professional development and they may join institutes and attend relevant 
training seminars or informative talk from time to time to enable them to better discharge their duties. The Company 
encourages the directors to attend courses in areas of directors’ duties and responsibilities, corporate governance, 
changes in financial reporting standards, insider trading and any industry-related matters, to develop themselves 
professionally, at the Company’s expense.

===== PDF_PAGE 39 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
37
Corporate Governance Report (Continued)
During the Year, the key methods of attaining continuous professional development by each of the Directors are 
summarized as follows:
Name of Director
Attending courses/
seminars/conferences
Reading books/
journals/articles   
Mr. Or Naam ✓ ✓
Ms. Chan Hoi Yan Polly ✓ ✓
Mr. Or Huen ✓ ✓
Mr. Tan Chong Huat ✓ ✓
Mr. Sung Chi Keung ✓ ✓
Mr. Hui Ha Lam ✓ ✓
For the Year, regulatory updates have been provided and sent to all the Directors, include:
– briefing by the external auditor on changes or amendments to accounting standards at the audit committee 
meetings; and
– update by the Company Secretary on amendments to the Corporate Governance Code and GEM Listing 
Rules, directors’ duties and responsibilities as well as risk management from time to time.
The Company shall from time to time, if necessary, arrange for relevant and appropriate continuous professional 
training to all Directors to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills to enable them to be better discharge their 
duties as a Director of the Company. During the Year, the Company consider that regulatory updates provided to all 
the Directors could assist them to discharge their duties.
Board Committees
The Board has established three Board committees, namely the audit committee, the remuneration committee 
and the nomination committee for overseeing specific aspects of the Company’s affairs. All Board committees 
of the Company are established with defined written terms of reference. The terms of reference of the Board 
committees are posted on the Company’s website and the GEM website of the Stock Exchange, and are available 
to shareholders upon request.
Audit Committee
The Company established an audit committee on 29 September 2017 with written terms of reference in compliance 
with Rule 5.28 to 5.33 of the GEM Listing Rules and the CG Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the GEM Listing 
Rules. The latest terms of reference of the audit committee are available on the websites of the Company and the 
Stock Exchange.

===== PDF_PAGE 40 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
38
Corporate Governance Report (Continued)
The responsibility of the audit committee is to assist the Board in fulfilling its audit duties through the review and 
supervision of the Company’s financial reporting, risk management and internal control principles and procedures, 
and to provide advice and comments to the Board. The members meet regularly with the external auditor and/or the 
Company’s senior management for the review, supervision and discussion of the Company’s financial reporting, risk 
management and internal control procedures and ensure that the board and the management have discharged their 
duties to have an effective risk management and internal control systems.
The composition of the audit committee during the Year and up to the date of this report is as follows:
Mr. Sung Chi Keung (Chairman)
Mr. Tan Chong Huat
Mr. Hui Ha Lam
All of the members of the audit committee are independent non-executive Directors. None of them (including their 
immediate family members) is a former partner of the Company’s existing auditing firm within 2 years immediately 
prior to their respective date of appointment. All of them (including their immediate family members) do not have 
material interest in any principal business activity of nor is or was involved in any material business dealings with 
the Group or with any core connected persons (as defined in the GEM Listing Rules) of the Group within one year 
immediately prior to their respective date of appointment.
Mr. Sung Chi Keung, who has appropriate professional qualifications and experience in accounting matters, was 
appointed as the Chairman of the audit committee.
During the Year, the audit committee held three meetings. Details of the attendance of the members of the 
audit committee in the said meetings are set out under the sub-heading “Directors’ Attendance at Board/Board 
Committee/General Meetings” above. The summary of work of the audit committee during the Year is as follows:
– To meet with the external auditors, review and make recommendations for the Board’s approval on the 
financial statements, quarterly, interim and annual reports and continuing connected transactions of the Group;
– To review and approve audit fee;
– To review and assess the independence of the auditors;
– To review the terms of engagement and make recommendation to the Board for the re-appointment of auditors 
of the Company, subject to the Shareholders’ approval at the annual general meeting;
– To review the terms of engagement and make recommendation to the Board for the change of auditor of the 
Company;
– To review the non-competition undertaking by the controlling shareholders of the Company;
– To review the continuing connected transaction of the Company;
– To review the effectiveness of the Company’s risk management and internal control systems; and
– To review the adequacy of resources, qualifications and experience of staff of the Company’s accounting and 
financial reporting function, and their training programmes and budget. 
The audit committee has not taken a different view from the Board regarding the selection and re-appointment of 
external auditor.

===== PDF_PAGE 41 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
39
Corporate Governance Report (Continued)
Remuneration Committee
The Company established the remuneration committee on 29 September 2017 with written terms of reference 
in compliance with Rule 5.34 of the GEM Listing Rules and the CG Code. The latest terms of reference of the 
remuneration committee are available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.
The remuneration committee is responsible for formulating and making recommendations to the Board on the 
Company’s emolument policy and on the establishment of a formal and transparent procedure for developing 
such policy. The Board expects the remuneration committee to exercise independent judgment and ensures that 
executive Directors do not participate in the determination of their own remuneration.
The composition of the remuneration committee during the Year and up to the date of this report is as follows:
Mr. Tan Chong Huat (Chairman)
Mr. Sung Chi Keung
Mr. Or Naam
The majority members of the remuneration committee are independent non-executive Directors. During the Year, the 
remuneration committee held one meeting. Details of the attendance of the members of the remuneration committee 
in the said meeting are set out under the sub-heading “Directors’ Attendance at Board/Board Committee/General 
Meetings” above. The summary of work of the remuneration committee during the Year is as follows:
– To review and recommend to the Board on the remuneration packages of the executive Directors and senior 
management of the Company with reference to the Group’s remuneration policy and strategy; and
– To review and recommend to the Board on the Directors’ fees of independent non-executive Directors with 
reference to the Group’s remuneration policy and strategy. 
Details of the emoluments paid to the Directors and highest paid individuals for the Year are set out in notes 16 and 
15(b) respectively to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Nomination Committee
The Company established the nomination committee on 29 September 2017 with written terms of reference in 
compliance with the CG Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the GEM Listing Rules. The written terms of reference of 
the nomination committee are available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.
The primary duties of the nomination committee include reviewing the structure, size and composition of the Board, 
identifying individuals suitably qualified to become Directors, assessing the independence of independent non- 
executive Directors and making recommendations to the Board on appointment and re-appointment of Directors.

===== PDF_PAGE 42 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
40
Corporate Governance Report (Continued)
The composition of the nomination committee during the Year and up to the date of this report is as follows:
Mr. Hui Ha Lam (Chairman)
Mr. Sung Chi Keung
Mr. Or Huen
The majority members of the nomination committee are independent non-executive Directors. During the Year, the 
nomination committee held one meeting. Details of the attendance of the members of the nomination committee 
in the said meeting are set out under the sub-heading “Directors’ Attendance at Board/Board Committee/General 
Meetings” above. The summary of work of the nomination committee during the Year is as follows:
– To review the existing Board’s structure, size and composition;
– To review the board diversity policy;
– To review the nomination policy;
– To review and assess the independence of the independent non-executive Directors;
– To make recommendations on the re-election of the retiring Directors at the annual general meeting of the 
Company; and 
– To support the Company’s regular evaluation of the Board’s performance.
Board Nomination Policy
The Company adopted a nomination policy on 9 November 2018 in compliance with the CG Code, which establishes 
written guidelines to nomination committee to identify individuals suitably qualified to become Board members and 
make recommendations to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships with reference to 
the formulated criteria. The Board is ultimately responsible for selection and appointment of new Directors and shall 
review and reassess the nomination policy and its effectiveness on a regular basis or as required.
The Board, through the delegation of its authority to the nomination committee, has used its best efforts to ensure 
that Directors (including independent non-executive Directors) appointed to the Board possess the relevant 
background, experience and knowledge in business, finance and management skills critical to the Group’s business 
to enable the Board to make sound and well considered decisions. Collectively, they have competencies in areas 
which are relevant and valuable to the Group.
Nomination Process
The nomination committee shall assess whether any vacancy on the Board has been created or is expected on a 
regular basis or as required.
The nomination committee utilizes various methods for identifying director candidates, including recommendations 
from Board members, management, and professional search firms. All director candidates, including incumbents 
and candidates nominated by Shareholders are evaluated by the nomination committee based upon the director 
qualifications. While director candidates will be evaluated on the same criteria through review of resume, personal 
interview and performance of background checks. The nomination committee retains the discretion to establish 
the relative weighting of such criteria, which may vary based on the composition, skill sets, age, gender and 
experiences of the collective Board rather than on the individual candidate for the purpose of diversity perspectives 
appropriate to the requirement of the Company’s business.

===== PDF_PAGE 43 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
41
Corporate Governance Report (Continued)
Upon considering a director candidate suitable for the directorship, the nomination committee will hold a meeting 
and/or by way of written resolutions to, if thought fit, approve the recommendation to the Board for appointment 
(including re-election). In the meantime, the nomination committee will provide the relevant information of the 
selected director candidate to the remuneration committee for consideration of the remuneration package of such 
selected candidate.
The nomination committee will thereafter make the recommendation to the Board in relation to the proposed 
appointment (including re-election); while the remuneration committee will make the recommendation to the Board 
on the policy and structure for the remuneration.
The Board will arrange for the selected candidate to be interviewed by the members of the Board and the Board, if 
necessary, with the recommendation of the nomination committee, will deliberate and decide the appointment.
Selection Criteria
The nomination committee will take into account whether a candidate has the qualifications, skills, experience and 
gender diversity that add to and complement the range of skills, experience and background of existing Directors 
by considering the highest personal and professional ethics and integrity of the director candidates, proven 
achievement and competence in the nominee’s field and the ability to exercise sound business judgment, skills 
that are complementary to those of the existing Board, the ability to assist and support management and make 
significant contributions to the Company’s success and such other factors as it may deem are in the best interests 
of the Company and its Shareholders.
The process of re-electing Directors are as follows:
– The nomination committee would assess the performance of each of the Director’s competencies, commitment, 
contribution and performance (e.g. attendance, preparedness, participation and candour) and in accordance 
with the performance criteria set by the Board and consider the current needs of the Board;
– The nomination committee would review the size and composition of the Board, including the Board’s policy to 
ensure an appropriate mix of members with complementary skills, core competencies, and experience for the 
Group, and diversity of skills, gender, experience and knowledge to the Company; and
– Subject to the satisfactory assessment of nomination committee, the nomination committee would recommend 
the proposed re-appointment of the Director to the Board for its consideration and approval.
The Company shall review and reassess the nomination policy and its effectiveness on a regular basis or as 
required.

===== PDF_PAGE 44 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
42
Corporate Governance Report (Continued)
Board Diversity Policy
The composition of the Board is reviewed on an annual basis by the nomination committee to ensure that the Board 
has the appropriate mix of expertise and experience, and collectively possesses the necessary core competence 
for informed decision-making and effective functioning. The Company adopted its own board diversity policy and 
recognises the benefits of having diversity in the composition of the Board. The Board reviews the implementation 
and effectiveness of the Board Diversity Policy at least annually.
The Company noted that people from different backgrounds and with different professional and life experience are 
likely to approach problems in different ways and accordingly, members of the Board with diverse backgrounds 
will bring different concerns and questions to the table, and allow the Board to consider a wider range of options 
and solutions when deciding on corporate issues and formulating policies for the Group. In determining the Board’s 
composition and selection of candidates to the Board, nomination committee will consider factors including but 
not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, industry 
knowledge and length of service.
All Board appointments will be based on meritocracy, and candidates will be considered against the selection 
criteria, having regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board, the business model and specific needs of the 
Group. The ultimate decision will be based on merit and contribution that the selected candidates will bring to the 
Board.
The Board and the nomination committee have reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the Board Diversity 
Policy and considered it to be effective for the year ended 31 December 2025.
Composition of the Diversified Board
As at the date of this annual report, the Board comprises six Directors, one of which is a female. The following tables 
further illustrate the composition and diversity of the Board in terms of gender, length of service with the Group, age, 
nationality, educational background and professional experience as of the date of this annual report:
Age Group Ethnicity  
Name of Director 40 to 49 50 to 59 Over 60 Chinese Singaporean      
Mr. Or Naam ✓ ✓
Ms. Chan Hoi Yan Polly ✓ ✓
Mr. Or Huen ✓ ✓
Mr. Tan Chong Huat ✓ ✓
Mr. Sung Chi Keung ✓ ✓
Mr. Hui Ha Lam ✓ ✓

===== PDF_PAGE 45 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
43
Corporate Governance Report (Continued)
Educational background Professional experience  
Name of Director Law Science
 
Accountancy
Design/
Other Management
Accounting 
and finance Law        
Mr. Or Naam ✓ ✓
Ms. Chan Hoi Yan Polly ✓ ✓
Mr. Or Huen ✓ ✓
Mr. Tan Chong Huat ✓ ✓
Mr. Sung Chi Keung ✓ ✓
Mr. Hui Ha Lam ✓ ✓
The nomination committee considers the existing size and composition of the Board are adequate and diversified 
for effective decision-making, taking into account the nature and scope of the Group’s operations. The nomination 
committee has monitored the implementation of the board diversity policy, and also reviewed its effectiveness and 
concluded that no revision to the policy is required at the last nomination committee meeting held.
Gender Diversity
The Company values gender diversity across all levels of the Group. The following table sets out the gender ratio in 
the workforce of the Group, including the Board and senior management as at the date of this annual report:
Female Male   
Board 17% (1) 83% (5)
Senior Management 50% (18) 50% (18)
Other employees 74% (34) 26% (12)
Overall workforce 73% (66) 27% (24)
Further details on the gender ratio of the Group together with relevant data can be found in the Environmental, Social 
and Governance Report of the Company.

===== PDF_PAGE 46 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
44
Corporate Governance Report (Continued)
Corporate Governance Function
The Board is responsible for performing the functions set out in the CG Code in Appendix C1 to the GEM Listing 
Rules. The Board shall review the following corporate governance functions of the Company:
– To review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and make recommendations;
– To review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior 
management of the Group;
– To review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory 
requirements;
– To develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual applicable to employees of the 
Group and the Directors; and
– To review the Company’s compliance with CG Code and disclosure in the corporate governance report.
Accountability and Audit
Financial Reporting
The Board is responsible for presenting a balanced, clear and understandable assessment of financial reports, 
price-sensitive announcements and other disclosures required under the GEM Listing Rules and other regulatory 
requirements.
The Board acknowledges its responsibility for the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements for the Year 
which give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Group in accordance with the statutory requirements and 
accounting standards and other financial disclosure requirement under the GEM Listing Rules. The financial results 
of the Group are announced in a timely manner in accordance with statutory and/or regulatory requirements.
The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant 
doubt upon the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.
The statement of the auditors about their reporting responsibilities is set out in the “Independent Auditor’s Report” on 
pages 83 to 87 in this annual report.

===== PDF_PAGE 47 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
45
Corporate Governance Report (Continued)
Risk Management and Internal Control Systems
The Board is accountable for overseeing the Group’s risk management and internal control systems and reviewing 
its effectiveness annually, while the management are responsible for implementing and maintaining the internal 
controls systems that covers governance, compliance (including handling and dissemination of inside information), 
risk management, financial and operational controls to safeguard the Group’s assets and stakeholders’ interests. 
However, such systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business 
objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss. 
Procedures are in place to identify major business risks and evaluate potential financial implications.
The Company has also in place the Anti-Fraud and Whistle-Blowing Policy to safeguard against corruption and 
bribery. The Company has an internal reporting channel that is open and available for employees of the Company 
to report any suspected corruption and bribery. Employees can also make anonymous reports to the Internal Audit 
Department, which is responsible for investigating the reported incidents and taking appropriate measures. The 
Company continues to carry out anti-corruption and anti-bribery activities to cultivate a culture of integrity, and 
actively organises anti-corruption training and inspections to ensure the effectiveness of anti-corruption and anti-
bribery.
Management also regularly reviews the Group’s business and operations to identify areas of significant business 
risks and controls to mitigate the risks. The management will highlight all significant matters to the Board and audit 
committee members from time to time.
During the year ended 31 December 2025, the audit committee of the Company, through the engagement of Amba 
Partners Corporate Services Limited (“Amba”), reviewed the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group’s system 
of risks management and internal control procedures in connection with risk management process, resources, 
qualifications, and experience of staff of accounting, internal audit and financial reporting function, sales process, 
cash and treasury management process and fixed assets management process. The procedures are performed in 
connection with the Company’s operation in Hong Kong and PRC.
Amba has reported to the audit committee that they have identified, evaluated and managed risks during the year 
ended 31 December 2025, based on their procedures performed, and reported that no significant deficiencies were 
identified and recommendations on the various aspects had been suggested to audit committee and management 
for their consideration.
The audit committee also reported such findings and recommendations to the Board for the improvement of the risk 
management and internal control systems of the Group and the Board considered that all recommendations should 
be properly followed to ensure the adequacy and effectiveness of the risk and internal control systems of the Group 
can be maintained.

===== PDF_PAGE 48 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
46
Corporate Governance Report (Continued)
In addition, the Board had received confirmation from the management that:
– The financial records have been properly maintained and the financial statements give a true and fair view of 
the operations and finances of the Group; and
– The risk management and internal control systems of the Group are effective.
Based on the framework for risk management and internal control system established by the Group, the Board 
and the audit committee admitted that through the review of risk management and internal control systems of the 
Group, it can evaluate and improve its effectiveness, and the Board, with the concurrence of the audit committee, 
considered that such systems including financial, operational and compliance were effective and adequate for the 
Year based on the work performed and report prepared by Amba as well as the confirmation letter received by the 
management. The Company will perform the ongoing assessment to update all material risk factors on a regular 
basis. In any case, review on risk management and internal control system will be conducted annually.
The Company is adopting the recommendations from Amba to enhance its risk management and internal control 
procedures and would implement appropriate policies and programmes.
Internal Audit
During the Year, the Group had engaged an independent internal control consultant to assess our overall internal 
controls and to give recommendations to make any enhancement. It was reported that there were no material 
deficiencies in relation to the Group’s internal controls. The Board is of the view that the internal control measures of 
the Group are adequately and effectively monitor our business operations for the Year.
Inside Information
The Group has adopted and implemented its own disclosure policy aiming to provide a general guide to the 
directors and senior management of the Company in handling of confidential information and/or monitoring of 
information disclosure pursuant to applicable laws and regulations in compliance with the Listing Rules and 
Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”).
The disclosure policy provides the procedures and internal controls for the handling and dissemination of inside 
information by publication of the announcement to the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company on a timely 
basis to enable the public to access the latest information of the Group, unless such information fall within the safe 
harbours with the SFO. The management has notified all employees to comply with the disclosure policy. Briefing 
and training on the implementation of the policy have been provided to Directors, officers and senior management 
of the Group. The Board emphasizes that only the authorised representatives registered in the Stock Exchange are 
authorised to speak on behalf of the Company.

===== PDF_PAGE 49 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
47
Corporate Governance Report (Continued)
External Auditor’s Remuneration
During the Year, the Company engaged BDO Limited as the external auditor. The fee in respect of audit services 
provided by BDO Limited for the Year amounted to HK$520,000. The fee in respect of non-audit service for tax 
services provided by BDO Tax Limited for the Year amounts to HK$42,000.
The audit committee has expressed its views to the Board that the level of fees paid/payable by the Company to the 
Company’s external auditor for annual audit services is reasonable. There has been no major disagreement between 
the auditor and the management of the Company during the Year.
Company Secretary
The Company appointed Ms. Ng Wai Kam (“Ms. Ng”), an external service provider, as its company secretary with 
effect from 28 November 2025 in place of Ms. Wong Yuen Ki. The Company’s executive director is the primary 
contact person to Ms. Ng at the Company in respect of any compliance and company secretarial matters of the 
Company.
The biographical details of Ms. Ng are set out under the section headed “Biographical Details of Directors of the 
Company and Senior Management” of this annual report. During the Year, Ms. Ng, undertook no less than 15 hours’ 
professional training to update her skill and knowledge in compliance with the CG Code.
Changes in Constitutional Documents
Pursuant to Rule 17.102 of the GEM Listing Rules, the Company has published on the websites of the Company and 
the Stock Exchange its Memorandum and Articles of Association. During the Year, there has been no changes in the 
constitutional documents of the Company.
Non-competition Undertaking from Controlling Shareholders
The controlling shareholder (as defined in the GEM Listing Rules) of the Company gave a non-competition 
undertaking in favour of the Company and confirm that they and their associates have not breached the terms of the 
undertaking contained in the Non-competition Deed during the Year.
The Board comprising all the independent non-executive Directors, based on the written confirmation provided by 
the controlling shareholder, is of the view that the controlling shareholder has been in compliance with the non- 
competition undertaking in favour of the Company for the Year.

===== PDF_PAGE 50 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
48
Corporate Governance Report (Continued)
Shareholders’ Rights
The Way by which Shareholders can Convene Extraordinary General Meeting 
(“EGM”)/Put Forward Proposal
According to Article 58 of the Articles of Association of the Company, any one or more members holding at the date 
of deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth of share capital of the Company carrying the right of voting at 
general meetings of the Company shall at all times have the right, by written requisition to the Board or the secretary 
of the Company, to require an EGM to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such 
requisition and add resolutions to the meeting agenda; and such meeting shall be held within two (2) months after 
the deposit of such requisition. If within twenty-one (21) days of such deposit the Board fails to proceed to convene 
such meeting the requisitionist(s) himself (themselves) may do so in the same manner, and all reasonable expenses 
incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by 
the Company.
Article 85 of the Articles of Association provides that no person other than a Director retiring at the meeting shall, 
unless recommended by the Directors for election, be eligible for election as a Director at any general meeting 
unless a notice signed by a member (other than the person to be proposed) duly qualified to attend and vote at 
the meeting for which such notice is given of his intention to propose such person for election and also a notice 
signed by the person to be proposed of his willingness to be elected shall have been lodged at the head office 
or at the registration office provided that the minimum length of the period, during which such notice(s) are given, 
shall be at least seven (7) days and that (if the notices are submitted after the despatch of the notice of the general 
meeting appointed for such election) the period for lodgment of such notice(s) shall commence on the day after the 
despatch of the notice of the general meeting appointed for such election and end no later than seven (7) days prior 
to the date of such general meeting.
Accordingly, if a member of the Company wishes to propose a person other than a Director for election as a Director 
at the Company’s general meeting (“Proposal”), he/she should lodge a written notice setting out the Proposal and 
his/her contact details to the head office and principal place of business of the Company.
The relevant procedures are set out in the Company’s website at www.takbogroup.com.
The Procedures for Sending Enquiries to the Board
Shareholders may send their enquiries and concerns in writing to the Board/company secretary by addressing them 
to the Company at our principal place of business in Hong Kong or by email through the Company’s website.

===== PDF_PAGE 51 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
49
Corporate Governance Report (Continued)
Communication with Shareholders and Investors
The Company endeavors to maintain effective communications with the shareholders and potential investors of the 
Company. The Company has in place a Communication Policy – Shareholders and External Parties which aims at 
promoting channels for shareholders to communicate their views on various matters affecting the Company and 
how the Company solicits and understand the views of shareholders and stakeholders. The Board reviews the 
implementation and effectiveness of the Communication Policy at least annually.
Save as mentioned under the sub-heading “The Procedures for Sending Enquiries to the Board” above, in order 
to provide more relevant information to our shareholders, the Company has published all corporate information 
about the Group on its website at www.takbogroup.com. It is a channel of the Company to communicate with the 
shareholders and potential investors with our latest corporate development. All our corporate communications, 
such as statutory announcement, circular and financial reports are available on the website for easy access by the 
shareholders and potential investors. In addition, the Company meets its shareholders at the annual general meeting 
so as to promote the development of the Company through mutual and efficient communications.
The forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company is scheduled to be held on 8 May 2026 (Friday). At the 
annual general meeting, the chairman of the Board as well as chairmen of the nomination committee, remuneration 
committee and audit committee or, in their absence, other members of the respective committees shall attend to 
answer questions from shareholders at the annual general meeting. The representatives of the external auditors 
shall also present and available to answer questions at the meeting.
The notice of annual general meeting and the necessary information on issues to be considered in the annual 
general meeting will be set out in the circular to be dispatched to the shareholders of the Company in due course.
During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company has reviewed the Communication Policy and considered 
that the policy was effectively implemented with the measures as disclosed above.
Policy on Payment of Dividends
The Company adopted a policy on payment of dividends (the “Dividend Policy”) on 9 November 2018 in compliance 
with the CG Code to the GEM Listing Rules, which establishes an appropriate procedure on declaring and 
recommending the dividend payment of the Company.
The Company will declare and/or recommend the payment of dividends to Shareholders after considering the 
Company’s ability to pay dividends, which will depend upon, among other things, its actual and expected financial 
results, cash flow, general business conditions and strategies, current and future operations, statutory, contractual 
and regulatory restrictions and so on. The Board has complete discretion on whether to pay a dividend, subject to 
Shareholders’ approval, where applicable. Even if the Board decides to recommend and pay dividends, the form, 
frequency and amount will depend upon the operations and earnings, capital requirements and surplus, general 
financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors affecting the Group. The Board may also consider 
declaring special dividends from time to time, in addition to the interim and/or final dividends.
The Company shall review and reassess the Dividend Policy and its effectiveness on a regular basis or as required. 
Hong Kong, 20 March 2026

===== PDF_PAGE 52 =====
Environmental, Social and Governance Report
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
50
About the Group
The Group is a renowned beauty products manufacturer and cosmetic bag design and supply provider in PRC, 
with 22 years of extensive experience in the industry. Its core businesses cover: (i) the design, development, 
manufacturing and sales of beauty products; and (ii) the design, development and sales of cosmetic bags, with 
business footprints spanning across PRC and Hong Kong.
The Group provides customers with one-stop solutions from conceptual design to production and delivery. Backed 
by a mature and complete manufacturing system, stringent quality control and innovative product design, the Group 
has built a stable customer base and established a strong reputation in the industry. Entering 2025, the Group 
continues to advance the “integrated development of business and ESG”, integrating low-carbon, environmental 
protection and responsible practices into the entire business process including product research and development, 
manufacturing, supply chain management and employee development, striving to become a benchmark enterprise 
in ESG practice within the beauty and cosmetics industry.
About This Report
Takbo Group Holdings Limited (the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries, collectively the “Group”) is pleased 
to present its annual Environmental, Social and Governance Report (the “Report”). This Report sets out the Group’s 
sustainable development initiatives for the period from 1 January 2025 to 31 December 2025, consistent with the 
financial year covered by the Group’s 2025 Annual Report. It aims to articulate material matters affecting the Group’s 
operations, environmental and social performance, and demonstrates the Group’s commitment to sustainable 
development. We aspire to enhance transparency through this Report, explain how environmental and social 
considerations are integrated into business decisions, and create long-term value for all stakeholders.
This Report has been prepared in accordance with Appendix C2 “Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting 
Code” (the “ESG Reporting Code”) of the GEM Listing Rules of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the 
“GEM Listing Rules”), and has complied with the “mandatory disclosure requirements” and the “comply or explain” 
provisions of the GEM Listing Rules.
This Report is published in both English and Chinese versions together with the Annual Report on the website of 
the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong (“Stock Exchange”) and the Group’s website. In the event of any inconsistency 
between the English and Chinese versions, the English version shall prevail. We sincerely welcome your feedback 
on any of our ESG measures and this ESG report. Please contact us via Enquiries@TakboGroup.com

===== PDF_PAGE 53 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
51
Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)
Directors’ Report
The Board of Directors of the Group (the “Board”) upholds its accountability to stakeholders and the community, 
and is committed to creating sustainable value by integrating environmental and social considerations into core 
management decisions. Our sustainability strategy is grounded in strict compliance with all statutory requirements 
in the jurisdictions where we operate and the proactive adoption of stakeholder feedback. The Board firmly believes 
that developing and implementing sustainability capabilities is a critical element in achieving business excellence 
and building long-term competitiveness.
Our Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) strategy comprehensively covers key areas including 
operations, compliance, internal control and human resources management. The Board collectively ensures 
the effectiveness of the ESG framework and accepts full responsibility for the preparation of this Report. To this 
end, we have established and implemented various policies to manage and monitor operational risks relating to 
environmental and social aspects. This Report sets out in detail our policies across different areas, relevant data 
and our approach to sustainability management.
The Board will regularly review the Group’s ESG progress to ensure we continue to meet and exceed stakeholder 
expectations.
Reporting Principles and Process
The Group has adopted the principle of materiality, in its ESG reporting to identify the ESG issues of greatest 
significance to its business operations. Our key performance indicators are based on Appendix C2 to the GEM 
Listing Rules and recommendations of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), ensuring comprehensiveness and 
transparency in reporting.
This Report has been prepared in accordance with the reporting principles outlined in the ESG Reporting Code issued 
by the Stock Exchange. Consistent with ESG reporting principles, the Group has adhered to the reporting principles 
of materiality, quantification, balance and consistency in assessing and presenting its key ESG performance for the 
fiscal year 2025. The Report has been approved by the Board of Directors of the Group.

===== PDF_PAGE 54 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
52
Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)
The Group has assessed the materiality and significance of ESG aspects through the following steps:
Step 1: Identification – Industry Benchmarking
• Industry Comparative Analysis: We have conducted a detailed review of the ESG reports of local and 
international peers to identify prevailing industry trends and challenges, and to define the environmental and 
social responsibility issues that the Group should prioritise.
• Internal Discussions: Relevant ESG issues were discussed in management meetings. The materiality and 
potential impact of each issue on the Group’s interests were determined in line with applicable guidelines, and 
a consensus was reached.
Step 2: Prioritisation – Stakeholder Engagement
• Stakeholder Feedback Collection: The Group conducted in-depth discussions with key stakeholders, including 
investors, customers, employees and community representatives, to confirm whether the identified ESG issues 
cover all material aspects and to understand their level of concern on these issues.
• Feedback Consolidation: Based on stakeholder feedback, we prioritised the identified issues to ensure that the 
most important matters receive adequate attention and response.
Step 3: Confirmation – Defining Material Issues
• Issue Assessment: Integrating stakeholder opinions and management perspectives, we confirmed all key 
and significant environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues. This process is not only about legal 
compliance, but also related to our future sustainable business growth.
• Compliance with Guidelines: We ensured that the content of this Report complies with Appendix C2 to the 
GEM Listing Rules and other relevant guidelines, so as to reflect the highest standards and expectations.

===== PDF_PAGE 55 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
53
Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)
Materiality Assessment
During the reporting period, the Group conducted a comprehensive materiality assessment to identify material ESG 
issues for its business operations. Relevant ESG issues have been identified by reference to the ESG Guidelines 
and peer outcomes (as outlined in the below matrix). We analyse the results of peer benchmarking and stakeholder 
engagement, and consolidate their importance to stakeholders and the Group’s business development to derive the 
overall materiality level of each ESG issue. The results are subsequently reviewed and approved by the Board of 
Directors.
High Community 
Investment
Health  
and Safety, 
Product 
Liability
Degree of 
Influence on 
Stakeholder 
Assessment 
and Decisions
Development 
and Training
Labour 
Standards
Anti-
corruption
Supply Chain 
Management
Environment 
and Natural 
Resources
Employment
Low Emissions Climate 
Change
Resource 
Usage 
Level
Importance of environmental and social impacts
Low  High
Materiality: The Group communicates with stakeholders through various channels to understand their opinions. 
The Board of Directors also holds internal meetings to analyse and identify material issues. Material matters will be 
disclosed in this report.
Quantification: The Group calculates key performance indicators (KPIs) with reference to Part C “Comply or 
explain” Provisions of the ESG Reporting Code, issued by the Stock Exchange, and discloses them in a quantitative 
manner where appropriate.
Balance: This report is prepared in an objective and impartial manner to present the Group’s ESG performance 
during the reporting period, so as to reflect the true situation.

===== PDF_PAGE 56 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
54
Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)
Consistency: The Group adopts consistent statistical and disclosure methods to enable meaningful comparison of 
data in the future. If there are any changes in the statistical and reporting scope, they will be specifically elaborated 
in this report for the reference of stakeholders.
Statement by the Board
The Group fully recognises the importance of ESG matters to building a long-term successful business, and has 
established an ESG framework to strengthen our management of ESG matters.
Stakeholder Engagement and Communication Strategy
The Group’s key stakeholders include governments, shareholders and investors, employees, customers, suppliers 
and partners, financial institutions, the media, as well as the public and communities. The following outlines the 
channels and methods through which the Group conducts effective communication with these key stakeholders.
Stakeholders Expectations Engagement Channels Measures    
Government • Comply with laws, promote 
regional economic 
development and 
employment
• Compliance with 
Laws: The Group is 
committed to compliant 
operations and accepts 
on-site inspections 
and examinations on a 
regular basis to ensure 
compliance with all laws 
and regulations
• Meetings and Reports: 
Conduct in-depth research 
and discussions with 
governments through 
working meetings and 
thematic reports
• Annual Reports
• Supervision and 
Assessment: Proactively 
accepted government 
supervision mechanisms, 
such as 1–2 on-site 
assessments per year, and 
took the initiative to fulfill 
social responsibilities
• Information Disclosure: 
Regularly issue annual 
reports and update 
information on the official 
website to enhance 
transparency

===== PDF_PAGE 57 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
55
Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)
Stakeholders Expectations Engagement Channels Measures    
Shareholders and 
Investors
• Risk reduction and 
transparent business 
operations
• Investment returns
• Protection of shareholders’ 
interests and fair treatment
• Shareholders’ Meetings: 
Hold annual general 
meetings and other 
meetings on a regular 
basis to provide a 
communication platform
• Information Disclosure: 
Issue shareholders’ 
meeting notices and 
submit resolutions 
in accordance with 
regulations, and 
disclose the company’s 
latest developments to 
shareholders through 
announcements and 
annual reports
• Issued shareholders’ 
meeting notices and 
disclosed company 
information through 
announcements/circulars 
and a total of three periodic 
reports during the year
• Investor Relations Activities: 
Carried out various forms 
of investor activities to 
enhance the company’s 
visibility among investors 
and held performance 
briefings to share the 
company’s performance
• The company’s contact 
details are clearly disclosed 
on its website and in reports 
to ensure all communication 
channels are available and 
effective
Employees • Safeguard the rights and 
interests of employees
• Career development 
opportunities
• Health and safety 
• Training, seminars and 
briefing sessions
• Internal Communication: 
Hold regular employee 
meetings to collect 
opinions and suggestions
• Intranet and email
• Cultural and sports 
activities
• Provided a healthy and safe 
working environment
• Training and Development: 
Offered a variety of training 
programs to promote 
employees’ professional 
growth
• Developed a fair promotion 
mechanism
• Organised employee 
activities and cared for 
those employees in need

===== PDF_PAGE 58 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
56
Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)
Stakeholders Expectations Engagement Channels Measures    
Customers • High-quality products and 
services
• Stable relationships
• Integrity
• Business ethics
• Customer Feedback: 
Establish customer 
satisfaction surveys and 
dedicated hotlines to 
respond to customer 
needs and opinions in a 
timely manner
• Regular meetings
• Website, brochures
• Marketing Activities: Held 
product launches and 
promotion activities to 
strengthen interaction with 
customers 
• Enhanced quality 
management to ensure 
stable production
• Signed long-term strategic 
cooperation agreements
Suppliers and 
Partners
• Expectations: Fair, 
honest and transparent 
cooperative relationships
• Risk reduction
• Information resources 
sharing
• Regular Assessment: 
Conduct supplier 
assessments, reviews, 
evaluations and training 
to maintain high quality 
standards
• Business meetings
• Tendering process
• Communication: Held 
regular supplier meetings 
to share market trends and 
business development
• Invited tenders publicly to 
select best suppliers and 
contractors
• Aim to establish long-term 
cooperative relationships 
with quality suppliers and 
contractors
Financial 
Institutions
• Transparent information 
disclosure and social 
responsibility
• Compliance with laws and 
regulations
• Consultations
• Information disclosure
• Regular meetings
• Disclosed and reported 
true information in a timely, 
accurate and compliant 
manner in accordance with 
regulatory requirements
Media • Information transparency
• Communication with the 
media
• Press Conferences: Hold 
regular press events 
to convey company 
information
• Website
• Arranged media gatherings 
to enhance communication
• Released the company’s 
latest news in a timely 
manner

===== PDF_PAGE 59 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
57
Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)
Stakeholders Expectations Engagement Channels Measures    
Communities • Community participation
• Social responsibility
• Charitable activities and 
social investment
• Tax payment
• Prioritised providing job 
opportunities to local 
residents who applied for 
positions in the company in 
order to promote community 
building and development
• Donated company products 
to the community
The Group firmly believes that open dialogue and transparent communication with stakeholders are the foundation 
for building trusting relationships and enhancing brand image. We will continue to advance these strategies to 
achieve the goal of mutual development.
A. Environmental Aspect
The Group is committed to reducing the impact of its operational activities on the environment and assuming 
full-process management responsibility for various resources and materials used in daily operations. We 
continuously promote the environmental sustainability of our business, incorporate environmental protection 
into the core focus of daily business operations, ensure the effective fulfillment of our environmental and 
community responsibilities, and practice the concept of sustainable development through concrete actions.
A.1 Emissions
All environmental actions of the Group strictly comply with relevant laws and regulations such as the 
Environmental Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China, and there were no major environmental 
non-compliance incidents during the reporting period.
Air Pollutant Emissions
Air pollutants of the Group mainly come from the fuel consumption of factory machinery and motor 
vehicles. We have taken a series of measures including:
Factories: Production machinery fitted with integrated gas collection and advanced exhaust gas 
treatment systems has been deployed to lower emission levels. Enclosed and negative pressure 
operations are applied to emission-generating processes and equipment to ensure compliance with 
statutory discharge limits.
Vehicle: Reduce emissions by regularly maintaining vehicles, implementing quantitative mileage controls, 
optimising route planning prior to journeys, and engaging geographically proximate suppliers.

===== PDF_PAGE 60 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
58
Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)
Air Conditioning: Quarterly professional maintenance is carried out to detect refrigerant leakage. Usage 
management policies are in place to regulate energy consumption. High-energy-consumption units are 
being phased out gradually, while products with Grade 1 eco-labelling are prioritised for procurement.
To further implement energy conservation and emission reduction goals, the Group has formulated a 
clear plan. We strive to achieve an indirect 5% reduction in relevant fuel consumption over the next three 
years through continuous optimisation of business travel arrangements, thereby supporting low-carbon 
development with concrete actions.
Meanwhile, to further strengthen the prevention and control of air pollutants, the Group has adopted 
advanced industry practices and plans to install activated carbon and carbon fibre absorption equipment 
in office areas. This will effectively capture and treat trace amounts of harmful gases and particulates that 
may be generated during the operation of office equipment, ensuring strict control over even minimal 
emissions and further reducing air pollutant discharges, thereby fully implementing the green office 
concept.
Details of air pollutant emissions during the reporting period are set out in the table below:
Type of Pollutant Unit
Total in 
2025
Total in 
2024    
Nitrogen oxides (NOx) Kilograms (kg) 76.54 56.12
Sulfur dioxide (SO2) Kilograms (kg) 3.00 0.04
Suspended Particulates (SP) Kilograms (kg) 4.05 5.48
Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions
The Group optimises energy use and actively manages carbon emissions, as these activities represent 
the primary sources of greenhouse gas emissions. Production activities are the main source of the 
Group’s GHG emissions. We design our exhaust gas collection systems in accordance with the principle 
of “full capture and classified collection” and prioritise production equipment with integrated gas 
collection and treatment functions. Collection devices are installed close to pollution sources to capture 
exhaust gas, which is then treated to meet statutory standards before discharge.

===== PDF_PAGE 61 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
59
Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)
Greenhouse gas emissions during the reporting period are as follows:
Emission Scope Unit
Emissions 
in 2025
Emissions 
in 2024    
Scope 1 (Direct Emissions) tonnes of CO2 equivalent  
(tCO2e)
23.86 36.39
Scope 2 (Indirect Emissions) tonnes of CO2 equivalent  
(tCO2e)
616.51 956.01
    
Total tonnes of CO2 equivalent  
(tCO2e)
640.37 992.40
    
Greenhouse Gas Emission Intensity PRC: tonnes of CO2 
equivalent per 
equivalent/tonnes of 
production
0.291 0.806
Hazardous and Non-hazardous Waste
For solid and liquid waste generated during production operations, the Group handles such waste in 
strict compliance with relevant PRC laws and regulations, and continuously drives waste reduction 
through process optimisation. The specific measures are as follows:
Recycling and Disposal of Waste Emulsified Liquid and Mineral Oil
Waste emulsified liquid and mineral oil are classified as hazardous liquid waste and must not be mixed 
with general waste. Our staff conduct regular inventory checks of stored quantities. Once the threshold 
for collection and transportation is reached, we promptly engage licensed contractors for hazardous 
waste to carry out proper collection, transportation and professional treatment. Full records are 
maintained throughout the process to ensure full traceability.
Recycling and Disposal of Waste Light Tubes
Waste light tubes contain hazardous substances including mercury and are categorised as hazardous 
solid waste. Damage is avoided throughout replacement and recycling. Waste lamps from workshops 
and common areas of the factory are collected regularly and transferred to the on-site central solid waste 
storage facility. Based on inventory levels, qualified waste treatment contractors are engaged in a timely 
manner for professional collection, transportation and disposal. Random discarding is strictly prohibited 
to prevent leakage of hazardous substances and environmental contamination.

===== PDF_PAGE 62 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
60
Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)
Recycling and Disposal of Packaging Barrels
Waste packaging barrels generated from production and warehousing are mostly hazardous solid waste 
that has been in contact with chemical raw materials and oil products. Internal residue cleaning and 
sealing must be completed prior to further handling. Used packaging drums are collected centrally by 
warehouse and production personnel, transported to the on-site central solid waste storage facility and 
stored in a classified manner. Stock levels are closely monitored. Qualified contractors are engaged 
promptly to carry out collection, transportation and professional disposal in accordance with prescribed 
procedures, ensuring full compliance and environmental protection throughout the process.
Waste Minimisation and Source Control
The Group adopts source control to drive waste minimisation. Production processes are optimised 
to enhance raw material utilisation and reduce the generation of waste liquid and residue during 
production. Packaging material management is strengthened by prioritising reusable and recyclable 
packaging containers and promoting the reuse of packaging drums to lower waste generation. Staff 
operation training is enhanced to standardise raw material handling and equipment operation, thereby 
reducing material waste and waste generation caused by improper practices.
Waste generated by the Group during the reporting period is as follows:
Waste Disposal Unit Unit
Total in 
2025
Total in 
2024    
Hazardous Waste Produced tonnes 0.05 0.08
Hazardous Waste Produced Intensity tonnes/tonnes of 
production
0.00002 0.00006
Non-hazardous Waste Produced tonnes 0.91 1.40
Non-hazardous Waste Produced Intensity tonnes/tonne of 
production
0.0004 0.0012
In 2025, the Group continued to recycle various waste materials and promote the efficient utilisation 
of resources and packaging materials, adhering to the principle of “reduction, reuse and resource 
utilisation” to improve resource utilisation efficiency. The Group aims to achieve a 5% decrease in total 
waste volume within the coming three years.

===== PDF_PAGE 63 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
61
Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)
The amount of non-hazardous waste recycled during the reporting period is as follows:
Non-hazardous 
Waste Recycled Unit
Total in 
2025
Total in 
2024    
Plastics and Paper tonnes 0.70 0.88
Metal tonnes 0.24 0.73
Non-Hazardous Waste Recycled Intensity tonnes/employee 0.0056 0.01
A.2 Energy
The core energy consumption of the Group includes electricity, diesel and gasoline. During the reporting 
period, the Group formulated full-process control measures under the energy efficiency plan, focusing on 
improving resource utilisation efficiency. In terms of process design, we optimised plans and introduced 
new materials and processes to improve material utilisation while ensuring product performance; in 
the production and processing links, we strictly controlled material over-consumption, substitution and 
cutting waste. We comprehensively reduced resource loss and improved energy use efficiency from the 
source to the end of production.
In addition, green management measures have been adopted in offices and factories, such as 
turning off unused lights and equipment, using energy-saving lighting, optimising temperature control, 
implementing power-saving settings and utilising natural light. Through the implementation of these 
measures, energy consumption in the workplace can be significantly reduced, helping to create a more 
sustainable environment.
Through energy-saving measures including the above, the Group’s goal is to reduce the unit energy 
consumption by three percent (3%) in 2025. Energy consumption during the reporting period is as 
follows:
Type of Energy Unit
Total in 
2025
Total in 
2024    
Purchased Electricity thousand kilowatt-hours 
(kWh in ’000)
1,666.23 1,687.34
Diesel thousand kilowatt-hours 
(kWh in ’000)
70.69 99.74
Gasoline thousand kilowatt-hours 
(kWh in ’000)
19.67 49.84
    
Total Energy Consumption thousand kilowatt-hours 
(kWh in ’000)
1,756.59 1,836.92
    
Energy Consumption Intensity PRC: kWh in ’000/tonnes 
of production
0.80 1.48

===== PDF_PAGE 64 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
62
Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)
Water
Water is another essential resource for the Group’s daily operations. To promote water conservation, 
water-saving valves have been installed in office areas and workshops. We encourage staff to conserve 
water in daily practice and enhance their water-saving awareness through various channels.
Water consumption during the reporting period is as follows:
Indicator Unit
Total in 
2025
Total in 
2024    
Water Consumption cubic meters (m3) 11,771 5,639
Water Consumption Intensity PRC: m3/tonnes of 
production
5.35 4.64
Packaging Materials
As a beauty and cosmetics manufacturing enterprise, packaging material optimisation forms part of the 
Group’s environmental strategy. During the reporting period, the Group collaborated with suppliers to 
develop biodegradable packaging materials with the aim of reducing excessive packaging. The principal 
packaging materials used in our operations are paper, metal and plastic. Their consumption volumes are 
set out below:
Type of Packaging Material Unit
Total in 
2025
Total in 
2024    
Paper tonnes 213.05 673.48
Plastic tonnes 199.62 340.50
Metal tonnes 4.14 2.27
Packaging Material Consumption Intensity PRC: tonnes/tonne of 
production
0.19 0.84

===== PDF_PAGE 65 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
63
Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)
A.3 Environment and Natural Resources
The Group recognises the potential environmental impacts of its daily operations and is committed to 
minimising the significant effects of its business activities on the environment and natural resources. 
Water and energy conservation have been incorporated as core priorities in the Group’s environmental 
management policy, supported by robust monitoring rules and control measures to fully implement green 
operations.
In practice, recyclable wastewater is recycled and reused specifically for watering and dust suppression 
within the factory premises, which enhances water use efficiency while effectively reducing dust 
pollution. Meanwhile, at the product design stage, sustainability is regarded as a primary consideration 
without compromising production efficiency. A stringent design supervision system has been established 
to optimise designs and improve material utilisation, thereby reducing resource consumption and 
material waste at source, and fully upholding the principles of environmental protection and resource 
conservation.
A.4 Climate Change Response
The Group has comprehensively considered potential climate change-related issues with reference to 
the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (“TCFD”). Potential 
physical risks and transition risks arising from climate change may adversely affect the Group’s business 
operations and financial conditions. In response, the Group has established a dedicated governance 
mechanism and formulated relevant policies to effectively identify potential issues arising from climate 
change and implement risk mitigation measures for matters that may have a material impact.

===== PDF_PAGE 66 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
64
Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)
The Group has systematically assessed various potential climate-related risks, which are categorised 
mainly into physical risks and transition risks, both of which may pose potential impacts on the Group’s 
business. Physical risks are primarily driven by extreme weather events such as floods and storms, while 
gradual physical risks may also increase due to climatic conditions such as persistent high temperatures. 
Transition risks may arise from changes in environment-related laws, regulations and policies. The 
Group’s assessment of such risks is set out in the table below.
Risks Potential Impacts Response Measures   
Physical Risks: The frequency 
and severity of extreme weather 
events caused by climate 
change continue to increase.
Extreme weather may damage 
power grids and factory 
facilities, threaten employee 
safety, disrupt the continuity 
of the Group’s operations, and 
further lead to risks such as 
reduced production efficiency 
and delayed contract 
performance.
In the face of severe and 
extreme weather, the Group 
implements flexible work 
arrangements and takes 
various preventive measures 
to ensure personnel safety 
and operational stability.
Transition Risks: Climate-
related laws and regulations 
are becoming increasingly 
stringent, and climate-
related information disclosure 
requirements are constantly 
improving.
Tighter environmental 
regulations will increase 
the Group’s compliance 
costs; failure to meet climate 
change-related compliance 
requirements will lead to 
increased risks of claims 
and litigation, as well as 
increased capital investment 
and compliance costs, and 
damage the company’s 
reputation.
To address policy, legal and 
reputation risks, the Group 
continuously monitors current 
and emerging climate-
related trends, policies 
and regulations, and 
promptly prompts the senior 
management of relevant 
risks to avoid increased 
costs, regulatory fines and 
reputational damage due to 
delayed response.
In 2025, the Group was not significantly affected by any climate-related extreme weather, and production 
and operations remained stable.

===== PDF_PAGE 67 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
65
Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)
B. Employment and Labour Practices
B.1 Employment
The Group regards employees as its most valuable asset. In 2025, we continued to enhance the 
employee rights and interests protection system, optimise career development pathways, improve the 
quality of staff training, reduce employee turnover, and foster a workplace environment featuring “fairness, 
inclusiveness, growth and well-being” to achieve mutual development between the Group and its 
employees.
An outstanding and professionally competent team serves as the cornerstone for achieving sustainable 
development, strengthening market competitiveness and accomplishing strategic objectives. To 
ensure that all employees receive fair and equal treatment and development opportunities throughout 
the employment cycle, the Group has established a comprehensive and systematic human resources 
management policy covering recruitment and appointment, promotion, separation, working hours, 
equal employment opportunities, remuneration and benefits, with clear management standards and 
implementation guidelines for all processes.
The employment policies uphold the core principles of fair competition and equal opportunities, which 
are fully implemented across all human resources management and operational activities. Talent 
selection and appointment are strictly based on merit, integrity and competence, with professional ability, 
job performance and overall qualities as the sole criteria for evaluation and placement. All employees are 
treated equally, with no discrimination on the grounds of race, nationality, gender, age, religion, marital 
status or disability.
Meanwhile, the Group continuously optimises its human resources management system and enhances 
management practices. Through the establishment of clear career ladders, a comprehensive training 
framework and people-oriented employee care mechanisms, we strive to create an open, positive, 
inclusive and cohesive working environment, enabling every employee to realise personal value in 
suitable positions and grow in tandem with the Group.

===== PDF_PAGE 68 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
66
Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)
As at 31 December 2025, the total number of employees of the Group was 178. All employment 
arrangements are in strict compliance with the Labour Law of the People’s Republic of China, the 
Employment Ordinance of Hong Kong and applicable laws and regulations. The number of employees 
and the percentage of turnover by gender, employment type, age group, region and employment mode 
are set out below:
2025 Employee Structure Key Data
Classification Subcategory Headcount Turnover Rate    
Position Board Members 6 0%
Senior Management 36 5.6%
Middle Management 20 5.7%
General Staff 116 7.8%
Gender Male 59 14.3%
Female 119 3.5%
Age Under 35 95 5.3%
35–55 80 7.5%
Over 55 3 33.3%
Region PRC 161 7.8%
Hong Kong 17 0%
Employment Type Full-time 178 6.7%
Part-time 0 0%
B.2 Occupational Health and Safety (EHS)
The Group is committed to providing a healthy and safe workplace for all its employees. Its factories 
strictly implement safe operation requirements and have formulated relevant measures to promote 
workplace safety, ensuring full compliance with applicable laws and regulations in the PRC and the 
relevant requirements of the Occupational Safety and Health Ordinance of Hong Kong.
In terms of environmental, health, safety (“EHS”) and working conditions management, the Group has 
established a complete management system of “top-level policies + operational procedures”. The 
core objectives of this system are to prevent production accidents and occupational diseases, protect 
employees’ occupational health and safety, while practicing environmental protection concepts and 
continuously improving working conditions. The scope of application covers all work and living places 
of the Group, including factory areas, workshops and offices, and clearly defines EHS management 
requirements that require full employee participation and each position to fulfill its responsibilities.

===== PDF_PAGE 69 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
67
Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)
The Group has established the “Environmental, Health, Safety and Working Conditions Management 
Policy” as the top-level guideline, putting forward the core concept of “Healthy Life, Safe Environment, 
Better Future”, and formulating basic policies in four major areas, as follows:
In terms of occupational health and hygiene, employees are required to undergo a physical examination 
before employment, and employees in positions with occupational hazards are required to undergo an 
annual physical examination. Employees suffering from occupational diseases will be arranged for timely 
treatment. At the same time, employees are encouraged to participate in cultural, sports and reading 
activities to take care of both their physical and mental health, and fully protect employees’ well-being.
In terms of safety management, all employees must complete safety training and pass the assessment 
before taking up their posts, and strictly abide by factory traffic rules and emergency evacuation norms. 
Appropriate protective equipment is provided for high-risk positions, and employees are guided to use 
them correctly. At the same time, the safety operation norms for each position are continuously improved. 
In addition, regular work safety training is carried out to achieve full employee coverage. The training 
content includes production line safety, chemical handling and storage, fire safety, electrical safety 
and emergency evacuation, etc., effectively improving employees’ safe operation capabilities and risk 
prevention awareness.
In terms of working conditions, the Group requires itself and its partners to jointly improve the working 
environment, set clear safety warning signs in relevant areas, and truthfully inform employees of the risks 
associated with their positions when signing labor contracts.
The policy also clarifies the Group’s overall EHS commitments, which are implemented in five aspects 
including training and education, on-site management, and rectification of harmful factors. At the 
same time, clear responsibility boundaries are defined, and penalty measures ranging from criticism, 
disciplinary action to termination of labor contracts are formulated for violations, and behaviors conducive 
to EHS work are encouraged.
In addition, the Group has established the “Occupational Health and Safety Management Procedure”, 
which refines the requirements of the top-level policies into actionable operational norms. This procedure 
first clarifies the responsibilities of each relevant subject, ensuring that each department performs its own 
duties and undertakes work related to employee rights protection, hierarchical training, on-site facility 
management, occupational disease prevention and control, and fire safety respectively.
At the same time, the human resources department is required to establish a special ledger for special 
operation personnel, and conduct annual statistics and analysis on records related to employees’ health 
certificates, forming a closed-loop management to ensure that relevant management work is traceable 
and optimisable.

===== PDF_PAGE 70 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
68
Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)
The Group always puts employees’ health and safety first, and makes every effort to create a safe and 
healthy working environment for employees. As at 2025, there were no concluded cases related to health 
and safety filed against the Group or its employees. In addition, in each of the past three years, including 
the reporting period, there were no work-related death or injury cases, nor were there any statistical 
records of the number and rate of such cases.
B.3 Employee Training and Development
The Group has further improved its employee training system to continuously enhance the professional 
standards and vocational skills of its employees. We encourage employees at all levels to participate 
in training programmes and formulate annual training plans based on job performance and operational 
needs. We have established the Training Management Policy, which applies to all functional departments 
and personnel of the company. Its core objective is to build a sound training management system, 
organise structured employee training, improve employees’ professionalism and job-related skills, and 
formulate a full-cycle training management process and supporting documentation to form standardised 
training management norms.
The policy also requires evaluating training effectiveness through instructor vetting, assessment result 
reviews and other means, with the core focus on employee capability enhancement and impact on 
work and product quality. The results are used to optimise subsequent training plans. Meanwhile, the 
human resources department is required to establish a Personal Training Record for each employee, 
retaining all training records and files, supported by record forms and relevant documents such as the 
Annual Training Plan and Training Application Form, forming a closed-loop training management system. 
We also introduce external training resources as circumstances and actual needs require, providing 
comprehensive on-the-job training for employees across departments including production, engineering, 
procurement, commercial, human resources and business development to maintain safety, product 
quality and professional skills, with the aim of lifting overall performance and competitiveness.

===== PDF_PAGE 71 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
69
Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)
In 2025, the percentage of trained employees and average training hours completed per employee by 
gender and employment category are set out below:
Training Target
Training 
Participation Rate
Average 
Training Hours Core Training Content
(Hours/Employee)    
Board Members 100% 20.0 ESG Governance, Business 
Ethics, Strategic 
Management 
Senior Management 100% 22.0 Team Management, Risk 
Control, Green Production
Middle Management 100% 22.5 Business Management, 
Employee Motivation, 
Quality Control
General Staff 100% 27.5 Job Skills, Production Safety, 
Environmental Protection 
Knowledge
Male Employees 100% 23.5 –
Female Employees 100% 23.5 –
Overall 100% 23.5 –

===== PDF_PAGE 72 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
70
Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)
B.4 Labour Standards
During the year under review, the Group fully complied with the Labor Law of the People’s Republic of 
China, the Employment Ordinance of Hong Kong and relevant labor laws and regulations in all operating 
regions. The prohibition of child labor and forced labor has been listed as the core employment 
principles, and a standardised, legal and responsible employment management system has been 
established to ensure that all employment practices meet legal requirements and internationally 
accepted standards.
To eliminate the illegal employment of child labor, underage workers and forced labor from the source, 
the Group’s human resources department has established and strictly implemented the standardised 
internal policy “Labor and Employment Management Procedure”, which imposes strict norms and 
supervision on the entire recruitment and employment process. In the recruitment stage, all job 
applicants are clearly required to provide valid identification documents, and their age, legal residence 
and other relevant information are confirmed through rigorous verification to strictly control employment 
compliance at the entry point. At the same time, the Group clearly stipulates that during the recruitment 
and employment process, it will never take withholding identification documents, collecting deposits or 
any form of property as employment conditions, effectively protecting employees’ personal and property 
rights and interests, and eliminating forced labor and various unreasonable restrictive behaviors through 
institutional measures.
In addition, the Group also attaches great importance to protecting employees’ right to rest and 
workplace dignity, and eliminates forced labor and improper management behaviors through strict 
institutional norms and regular supervision. In terms of working hours and rest management, the human 
resources department clearly implements employees’ right to rest and ensures that employees have 
adequate rest time. The Group solemnly commits that it will never force employees to work overtime 
against their will, nor will it require employees to work overtime through corporal punishment, coercion 
or any improper pressure. It fully complies with labor standards in all operating regions and effectively 
safeguards employees’ legitimate rights and interests of balancing work and rest.
In daily management, the human resources department implements a regular control mechanism, 
conducts comprehensive reviews of employee rosters on a regular basis, and combines on-site 
personnel verification to ensure that employees’ identity information is true and valid, and employment 
records are complete and standardised. Through a combination of institutional constraints, process 
control and dynamic supervision, the Group effectively prevents various illegal employment risks, 
earnestly protects employees’ legitimate rights and interests, and creates a law-abiding, fair and 
respectful workplace environment.
The Group implements a “zero-tolerance” policy for any violations of the Group’s labor guidelines. Once 
discovered, corresponding disciplinary actions, dismissal and other disposal measures will be taken 
immediately to firmly uphold the bottom line of legal employment. During the reporting period, the Group 
did not find any cases related to the employment of child labor or forced labor, and its employment 
compliance meets relevant laws, regulations and the Group’s internal standards.

===== PDF_PAGE 73 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
71
Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)
B.5 Supply Chain Management
The Group’s manufacturing operations are highly dependent on suppliers. We have fully understood 
the potential environmental and social risks associated with the supply chain and are committed to 
cooperating with suppliers to mitigate such risks. To this end, the Group has established the “Procurement 
and Supplier Management Procedure” and the “Supplier and Subcontractor Social Responsibility 
Management Procedure”, which respectively clarify the full-process operational norms for supplier 
screening, evaluation, procurement implementation and incoming inspection, and focus on supply chain 
social responsibility control with specific requirements centered on the ICTI standards. The above two 
procedures cover the full-cycle management of suppliers from access to cooperation, applying to all 
raw material, component suppliers and subcontractors of the Group, aiming to ensure the quality of 
purchased materials, standardise supply chain operations and promote suppliers to improve their social 
responsibility performance. The Group maintains long-term cooperative relationships with suppliers 
based on annual evaluation results; if a supplier fails the evaluation, the Group will immediately terminate 
its cooperation with the supplier.
The “Procurement and Supplier Management Procedure” classifies suppliers into five categories, with 
only production material suppliers and external processors subject to review, while other designated and 
service suppliers are directly included in the qualified supplier list. The Procurement Department (PMC) 
takes the lead in the initial screening of suppliers, strictly following the principle of “obtaining quotes 
from three sources and selecting local supporting suppliers”, cooperating with multiple departments to 
evaluate suppliers’ supply capacity, and conducting small-batch trial purchases. Only suppliers with 
three consecutive batches of qualified trial purchases can be included in the regular management 
system. At the end of each year, the Group conducts an annual evaluation of suppliers from four 
dimensions: quality (50 points), delivery time (30 points), cooperation level (10 points) and price (10 
points). A score of 80 points or above with no less than 35 points in the quality category is considered 
qualified; unqualified suppliers will be disqualified, and the procurement department will update the 
“Qualified Supplier List” simultaneously to ensure the standardisation and controllability of the supplier 
team. In the procurement implementation stage, the PMC Department formulates a procurement plan, 
and after approval, procurement is only carried out from qualified suppliers; in special cases requiring 
exceptional procurement, approval from the general manager is required, and a strict incoming 
inspection process is implemented. In the incoming inspection stage, the warehouse is responsible 
for verifying the quantity and relevant information, and the IQC of the quality control department 
is responsible for quality testing. Unqualified products are handled in accordance with exclusive 
procedures, and relevant inspection and procurement records are retained throughout the process to 
ensure traceability.

===== PDF_PAGE 74 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
72
Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)
The “Supplier and Subcontractor Social Responsibility Management Procedure” is centered on the ICTI 
social responsibility standards, requiring suppliers and subcontractors to sign a social responsibility 
commitment letter before starting cooperation, promising to strictly comply with local labor laws and 
regulations and ICTI standards, and accept on-site audits by the Group. The procurement department 
establishes an exclusive social responsibility file for each partner, properly retaining relevant evaluation 
and rectification records; the Group incorporates social responsibility performance into the core criteria 
for supplier selection, adhering to selecting superior partners and eliminating non-compliant ones, and 
supervises the compliance of suppliers and subcontractors with ICTI standards through unscheduled 
inspections. If a supplier is found to have serious violations such as the use of child labor, forced labor 
or discrimination, the Group will immediately terminate its cooperation with the supplier, adhering to the 
bottom line of social responsibility. Meanwhile, the Group conducts an annual ICTI special training for 
suppliers and subcontractors, covering EHS management, labor employment compliance, personnel 
system management, etc., to promote their continuous improvement in social responsibility performance; 
the screening and approval processes for relevant suppliers are implemented with reference to the 
procurement control procedures to ensure unified management standards.
During the reporting period, the Group had a total of 205 suppliers located in the People’s PRC, and the 
Group did not engage any third-party procurement suppliers. All suppliers must pass strict investigations 
and evaluations and sign a social responsibility commitment letter to fulfill social responsibilities in 
accordance with ICTI requirements before starting cooperation with the Group. During the reporting 
period, a total of 6 suppliers failed the evaluation, and the Group has terminated cooperation with such 
suppliers in accordance with the law.
B.6 Product Responsibility
As a manufacturer of beauty products and cosmetic bags, the Group recognises that product quality and 
safety are directly related to consumers’ health and rights. In 2025, the Group continued to strengthen 
the full-life-cycle quality control of its products and strictly complied with the Product Quality Law of the 
People’s Republic of China and relevant laws and regulations. During 2025, the Group achieved zero 
product quality complaints and zero product recalls, repaying customers’ trust and support with high-
quality products.
The Group has established a comprehensive quality management system and formulated the “Product 
Inspection Procedure”, which applies to the full-stage inspection and testing of products from incoming 
materials, production processes to finished product delivery. Its core objective is to ensure that product 
quality meets standards and customer requirements through quality control at all stages. It clearly 
specifies that IQC (Incoming Quality Control), IPQC (In-Process Quality Control) and FQC (Final Quality 
Control) are respectively responsible for the inspection and determination of raw materials, in-process 
products and finished products, ensuring that quality is controllable at all stages.

===== PDF_PAGE 75 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
73
Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)
In addition, customer inspection is assisted by the quality control department, but it does not replace the 
in-factory finished product inspection process. All inspection records are standardised and managed 
in accordance with the “Record Control Procedure”. At the same time, relevant documents such as the 
“Non-Conforming Product Control Procedure”, as well as various inspection reports and patrol inspection 
records, are supporting implemented, forming a full-process inspection and control system to ensure that 
product quality is traceable and optimisable.
Customer Complaints and Satisfaction Management
The Group’s business department is responsible for handling customer complaints, return and claim 
matters, and customer satisfaction surveys. It has established a customer service mechanism of “timely 
response, quick handling and follow-up feedback” to ensure that customer demands are properly 
resolved. During 2025, the Group did not receive any complaints related to product quality, fully 
reflecting the stability and reliability of the Group’s product quality. Meanwhile, the Group regularly 
conducts customer satisfaction surveys to extensively collect customer opinions and suggestions, which 
are used to continuously optimise product quality and improve service standards, further enhancing 
customer stickiness and trust.
Intellectual Property and Consumer Data Protection
The Group places great importance on intellectual property protection and has established the 
Intellectual Property Policy and Procedure, which is specifically formulated to safeguard intellectual 
property rights associated with the manufacturing and sales of its own-branded beauty products. 
The Group complies with the Trademark Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Patent Law of the 
People’s Republic of China and the Anti-Unfair Competition Law of the People’s Republic of China. It 
respects the legitimate rights and interests of all intellectual property rights holders and will protect its 
own intellectual property rights in accordance with the law. When applying for new trademarks or brands, 
the Group will complete the relevant registration procedures within the judicial jurisdictions where such 
trademarks and brands are marketed, so as to ensure that brand rights and interests are fully and 
effectively protected.
Quality Assurance and Product Recall
To improve the quality of products and services, the Group has established a quality management 
system in accordance with the ISO 9001:2015 standard, and formulated internal norms such as the 
“Product Inspection Procedure” and the “Product Recall Guide”. Strict inspections are conducted at all 
stages of product production to ensure that products meet quality standards before delivery. At the same 
time, by strictly implementing the non-conforming product control procedure, unqualified products are 
prevented from entering the market, effectively ensuring the safety of customers’ use.

===== PDF_PAGE 76 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
74
Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)
The Group has also formulated product recall guidelines, classifying unqualified products requiring 
recall into three categories (urgent, priority and regular) based on the degree of hazard, and clearly 
defining the full-process operational norms from problem discovery, reporting and root cause analysis to 
recall initiation, implementation and product disposal. In addition, the guidelines require evaluating the 
safety management system after a recall, conducting annual recall procedure tests, and clarifying the 
product withdrawal process and corrective and preventive measures, supported by improved relevant 
documents and record forms to ensure that recall work is standardised and traceable. During 2025, the 
Group did not recall any sold products due to safety reasons, fully reflecting the Group’s excellent quality 
control capabilities.
Consumer Data Protection
The Group highly values consumer data privacy and is committed to preventing customer data leakage 
or loss. Pursuant to the Group’s Customer Property Control Procedures, all collected consumer personal 
data and property are accessible only to authorised personnel and properly handled. Without customer 
consent and where not required for public interest, dissemination or disclosure of such information is 
strictly prohibited, and such data shall not be used for commercial purposes. The Group fully complies 
with applicable consumer data protection laws and regulations. During 2025, no material illegal or non-
compliant incidents materially affecting the Group were identified.
B.7 Anti-corruption
The Group has always adhered to the principles of “integrity-based operations and ethical self-
discipline”, striving to uphold the highest standards of corporate governance ethics. Accordingly, 
the Anti-Corruption and Anti-Bribery Code of Conduct has been established to enhance employee 
behavioral standards, strengthen internal controls, guide the Company’s personnel and partners to 
operate lawfully and with integrity, and combat corrupt practices. The Code applies to all employees, all 
business activities and relevant stakeholders including customers and suppliers. Violators will be subject 
to disciplinary action and referral to judicial authorities where applicable. The Group has also adopted 
the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 of the Listing Rules as the foundation for its 
internal integrity disciplines and ethical administrative rules.
The Code designates the General Office as the supervisory authority, responsible for implementing the 
anti-bribery commitment system, conducting relevant legal training and oversight. All relevant parties are 
required to sign and strictly adhere to the commitment, with any form of commercial bribery prohibited. 
The definition of commercial bribery is clearly specified, and unfair competition practices involving the 
giving or receiving of property in the form of gifts, donations, travel, negotiable securities or any other 
means are expressly forbidden.

===== PDF_PAGE 77 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
75
Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)
To strengthen prevention and control, the Group has established a comprehensive reporting mechanism 
that allows employees and the public to report suspected fraud, corruption and bribery in confidence. 
Investigations into alleged fraudulent or deceptive conduct will be conducted internally or referred to 
the competent regulatory authorities as appropriate. Upon completion, a formal report will be submitted 
to management for further action. If allegations are substantiated following verification, the Group 
reserves the right to take all appropriate measures, including terminating employment with responsible 
parties, reporting violations to government authorities and pursuing liability through civil and criminal 
proceedings.
In 2025, the breakdown of participants and average training hours per person for anti-corruption training 
by employment category is set out below:
Training Target
Number of 
Trainees
Average 
Training Hours
(Hours)   
Board Members 6 4.0
Senior Management 36 4.0
Middle Management 20 4.0
General Staff 116 4.0
The Group provided anti-corruption and business ethics training covering all employees. The training 
content included anti-bribery, anti-corruption, anti-fraud and business ethics, supplemented with 
industry-based case studies for warning education, to enhance the integrity awareness of all staff.
All operations of the Group strictly comply with relevant laws and regulations in PRC and Hong Kong, 
including the Prevention of Bribery Ordinance of Hong Kong and all applicable anti-corruption laws in 
PRC, such as the Criminal Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Anti-Unfair Competition Law of the 
People’s Republic of China and the Interim Provisions on Prohibiting Commercial Bribery. During 2025, 
there were no legal cases against the Group or its employees concerning corrupt acts, nor any fines, 
penalties or sanctions imposed on the Group or its employees.

===== PDF_PAGE 78 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
76
Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)
B.8 Community Investment
In 2025, the Group pledged to strive for positive and long-term impact on the communities it serves, 
build sustainable relationships and promote social well-being. During the year, we further expanded 
the scope of community investment and social contribution, giving back to the community through 
three pillars: employment support, charitable donations and volunteer services, to achieve symbiosis 
and prosperity between the Group and the community. The Group prioritises promoting community 
development and actively engages with local communities to fulfil its long-term commitment to corporate 
social responsibility.
• Employment Support: The Group gives priority to hiring local residents in the vicinity of its 
production bases and offices, creating more local jobs and driving regional economic development.
• Charitable Donations: The Group donated beauty products, cosmetic bags and accessories to 
institutions.
• Volunteer Services:  The Group organised employees to participate in community volunteer 
activities, including community tree-planting events.

===== PDF_PAGE 79 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
77
Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)
ESG Index Table
Hierarchy Content Chapter name
Page 
number
Environment
A1: Emissions
General 
disclosures
Information on: (a) policies; and (b) compliance with 
relevant laws and regulations that have a material impact 
on the issuer, relating to air emissions, discharges in to 
water and land, and the generation of hazardous and 
non-hazardous waste.
Emissions 57-60
Key performance 
indicator A1.1
Types of emissions and associated emission data. Air Pollutant 
Emissions
58
Key performance 
indicator A1.2
Greenhouse gas emissions in total and intensity. Greenhouse Gas 
(GHG) Emissions
59
Key performance 
indicator A1.3
Total amount of hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) 
and, where applicable, its density (e.g., per unit of 
production, per facility).
Hazardous and 
Non-hazardous 
Waste
60-61
Key performance 
indicator A1.4
Total amount of non-hazardous waste produced (in 
tonnes) and, where applicable, its density (e.g., per unit 
of production, per facility).
Hazardous and 
Non-hazardous 
Waste
60-61
Key performance 
indicator A1.5
Description of the emission targets set and the steps 
taken to achieve them.
Emissions 58
Key performance 
indicator A1.6
Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous 
wastes are handle, as well as of the waste reduction 
targets set and the steps taken to achieve them.
Hazardous and 
Non-hazardous 
Waste
59-60

===== PDF_PAGE 80 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
78
Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)
Hierarchy Content Chapter name
Page 
number
A2: Resource use
General 
disclosures
Policies for the efﬁcient use of resources, including 
energy, water, and other raw materials.
Energy 61-62
Key performance 
indicator A2.1
Total direct and/or indirect energy (e.g., electricity, gas, 
or oil) consumption (in thousands of kilowatt-hours) and 
density (e.g., per unit of production, per facility), by type.
Energy 61
Key performance 
indicator A2.2
Total water consumption and density (e.g., per unit of 
production, per facility).
Water 62
Key performance 
indicator A2.3
Description of the energy efﬁciency goals set and the 
steps taken to achieve them.
Energy 61
Key performance 
indicator A2.4
Description of any issues in accessing suitable water 
sources, as well as of the water efﬁciency targets set and 
the steps taken to achieve them.
Water 62
Key performance 
indicator A2.5
Total amount (in tonnes) of packaging material used in 
ﬁnished products and, where applicable, the amount per 
unit of production.
Packaging 
Materials
62
A3: Environment and Natural Resources
General 
disclosures
Policies on minimising the issuer’s significant impacts on 
the environment and natural resources.
Environment 
and Natural 
Resources
63
Key performance 
indicator A3.1
Policies to reduce the issuer’s significant impact on the 
environment and natural resources.
Environment 
and Natural 
Resources
63
A4: Climate Change
General 
disclosures
Policies for identifying and addressing significant 
climate-related issues that have already affected or may 
affect the issuer
Climate Change 
Response
63-64
Key performance 
indicator 4.1
Description of the significant climate-related issues 
which have impacted, and those which may impact, the 
issuer, and the actions taken to manage them.
Climate Change 
Response
64

===== PDF_PAGE 81 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
79
Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)
Hierarchy Content Chapter name
Page 
number
Social
B1: Employment
General 
disclosures
Information on: (a) policies; and (b) compliance with 
relevant laws and regulations that have a material impact 
on the issuer, regarding remuneration and termination, 
recruitment and promotion, working hours, holidays, 
equal opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, and 
other terms and conditions of employment.
Employment 65
Key performance 
indicator B1.1
Total number of employees by gender, employment type 
(e.g., full-time or part-time), age group, and geographical 
region.
Employment 66
Key performance 
indicator B1.2
Employee turnover rate by gender, age group, and 
region.
Employment 66
B2: Health and safety
General 
disclosures
Information on: (a) policies; and (b) compliance with 
relevant laws and regulations that have a material impact 
on the issuer, regarding remuneration and termination, 
recruitment and promotion, working hours, holidays, 
equal opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, and 
other terms and conditions of employment.
Occupational 
Health and Safety 
(EHS)
66-67
Key performance 
indicator B2.1
Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in 
each of the past three years including the reporting year.
Occupational 
Health and Safety 
(EHS)
68
Key performance 
indicator B2.2
Lost days due to work injury. Occupational 
Health and Safety 
(EHS)
68
Key performance 
indicator B2.3
Description of the occupational health and safety 
measures adopted, as well as of the related 
implementation and monitoring methods.
Occupational 
Health and Safety 
(EHS)
67

===== PDF_PAGE 82 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
80
Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)
Hierarchy Content Chapter name
Page 
number
B3: Development and training
General 
Disclosure
Policies relating to enhancing employees’ knowledge 
and skills in performing their job duties, Describe training 
activities.
Employee 
Training and 
Development
68
Key performance 
indicator B3.1
Percentage of employees who received training, 
by gender and employee category (e.g., senior 
management, middle management).
Employee 
Training and 
Development
69
Key performance 
indicator B3.2
Average number of training hours completed per 
employee, by gender and employee category
Employee 
Training and 
Development
69
B4: Labour code
General 
Disclosure
Information on: (a) policies; and (b) compliance with 
relevant laws and regulations that have a material impact 
on the issuer, regarding the prevention of child labor and 
forced labor.
Labour Standards 70
Key performance 
indicator B4.1
Description of measures taken to review recruitment 
practices to prevent child and forced labor.
Labour Standards 70
Key performance 
indicator B4.2
Description of steps taken to address violations once 
identified.
Labour Standards 70
B5: Supply chain management
General 
Disclosure
Policies for managing environmental and social risks in 
the supply chain.
Supply Chain 
Management
71-72
Key performance 
indicator B5.1
Number of suppliers by region. Supply Chain 
Management
72
Key performance 
indicator B5.2
Description of supplier engagement practices, the 
number of suppliers to whom such practices are applied, 
and the related implementation and monitoring methods.
Supply Chain 
Management
71-72
Key performance 
indicator B5.3
Description of practices for identifying environmental and 
social risks at each stage of the supply chain, along with 
the associated implementation and monitoring methods.
Supply Chain 
Management
72
Key performance 
indicator B5.4
Description of practices promoting the use of 
environmentally friendly products and services in 
supplier selection, along with the related implementation 
and monitoring methods.
Supply Chain 
Management
72

===== PDF_PAGE 83 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
81
Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)
Hierarchy Content Chapter name
Page 
number
B6: Product liability
General 
Disclosure
Information on: (a) policies; and (b) compliance with 
relevant laws and regulations that have a material 
impact on the issuer, regarding the health and safety, 
advertising, labeling, and privacy of products and 
services offered, as well as related remedies.
Product 
Responsibility
72-74
Key performance 
indicator B6.1
Percentage of total products sold or shipped that were 
recalled for safety and health reasons.
Product 
Responsibility
72
Key performance 
indicator B6.2
Number of complaints received regarding products and 
services and the manner in which they were addressed.
Product 
Responsibility
73
Key performance 
indicator B6.3
Description of practices relating to the maintenance and 
protection of intellectual property rights.
Product 
Responsibility
73
Key performance 
indicator B6.4
Description of the quality verification process and 
product recall procedures.
Product 
Responsibility
73-74
Key performance 
indicator B6.5
Description of the consumer data protection and privacy 
policy, along with its implementation and monitoring 
methods.
Product 
Responsibility
74
B7: Anti-corruption
General 
Disclosure
Information on: (a) policies; and (b) compliance with 
relevant laws and regulations that have a material impact 
on the issuer, regarding the prevention of bribery, 
extortion, fraud, and money laundering.
Anti-corruption 74-75
Key performance 
indicator B7.1
Number and outcome of corruption cases brought 
against the issuer or its employees that were resolved 
during the reporting period.
Anti-corruption 75
Key performance 
indicator B7.2
Description of anti-corruption preventive measures 
and whistleblowing procedures, along with their 
implementation and monitoring methods.
Anti-corruption 74-75
Key performance 
indicator B7.3
Description of anti-corruption training provided to 
directors and employees.
Anti-corruption 75

===== PDF_PAGE 84 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
82
Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)
Hierarchy Content Chapter name
Page 
number
B8: Community investment
General 
Disclosure
Policies on community engagement to understand the 
needs of the communities in which it operates and to 
ensure that its business activities take into account the 
interests of the community.
Community 
Investment
76
Key performance 
indicator B8.1
Focus areas of community contributions (e.g., education, 
environmental issues, labor needs, health, culture, 
sports).
Community 
Investment
76
Key performance 
indicator B8.2
Resources (e.g., financial or time-based) allocated to 
focus areas.
Community 
Investment
76

===== PDF_PAGE 85 =====
Independent Auditor’s Report
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
83
TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
Opinion
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Takbo Group Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and 
its subsidiaries (together the “Group”) set out on pages 88 to 157, which comprise the consolidated statement of 
financial position as at 31 December 2025, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive 
income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year 
then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy information.
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of 
the Group as at 31 December 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows 
for the year then ended in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the Hong Kong Institute 
of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure 
requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. 
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the “Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the 
Consolidated Financial Statements” section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the 
HKICPA’s “Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants” (the “Code”), as applicable to audits of financial statements 
of public interest entities. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We 
believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

===== PDF_PAGE 86 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
84
Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the 
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit 
of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a 
separate opinion on these matters.
Impairment assessment of trade receivables
(Refer to note 4(t), note 5, note 6(b) and note 26 to the consolidated financial statements)
As at 31 December 2025, the Group had gross trade receivables of approximately HK$30.2 million and provision for 
impairment of approximately HK$7.2 million.
The Group measures loss allowances for trade receivables based on lifetime expected credit loss (“ECL”). 
Management performed the impairment assessment of trade receivables on the recoverability of the trade 
receivables and the sufficiency of loss allowance of ECL. Based on the impairment assessment, management 
concluded that a net impairment loss of trade receivables of approximately HK$56,000 was made for the year 
ended 31 December 2025.
We focused on this area due to the impairment assessment of trade receivables under the expected credit 
losses model involved the use of assumptions which are judgmental in nature and the calculation is subject to a 
higher degree of estimation uncertainty among the different accounting estimates applied by management in the 
preparation of the financial statements.
Our response:
• inquiring of management for the status of each of the material trade receivable past due as at year end and 
corroborating explanations from management with supporting evidence in order to identify customers with 
specific risk for impairment assessment and assessing the appropriateness of management’s grouping of the 
trade debtors into different categories in the provision matrix;
• assessing the appropriateness of the ECL provisioning methodology, examining the underlying key data inputs 
on a sample basis to assess the reliability and relevance of historical data and challenging the forward-looking 
information used to determine the adjustment made to historical loss rate in order to calculate the ECL; and
• testing the calculation of ECL provisions applying the ECL rates to the respective categories of the trade 
receivables outstanding at the reporting date.

===== PDF_PAGE 87 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
85
Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)
Other Information in the Annual Report
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in 
the Company’s annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report 
thereon.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express 
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other 
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated 
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, 
based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, 
we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
Directors’ Responsibilities for the Consolidated Financial 
Statements
The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair 
view in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements 
of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to 
enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to 
fraud or error.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability 
to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going 
concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have 
no realistic alternative but to do so.
The directors are also responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process. The Audit Committee 
assists the directors in discharging their responsibility in this regard.

===== PDF_PAGE 88 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
86
Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial 
Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole 
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our 
opinion. This report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with the terms of our engagement, and for no 
other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of 
this report.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance 
with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error 
and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the 
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional 
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
• identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to 
fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement 
resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, 
intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
• obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are 
appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the 
Group’s internal control.
• evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates 
and related disclosures made by the directors.
• conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based 
on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that 
may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a 
material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures 
in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our 
conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future 
events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
• evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including 
the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and 
events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

===== PDF_PAGE 89 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
87
Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial 
Statements (Continued)
• plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial 
information of the entities or business units within the group as a basis for forming an opinion on the group 
financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the work performed for the 
purposes of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the 
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during 
our audit.
We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements 
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably 
be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards 
applied.
 
From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in 
the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We 
describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter 
or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report 
because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest 
benefits of such communication.
BDO Limited
Certified Public Accountants
Wong Kwok Wai
Practising Certificate no. P06047
Hong Kong, 20 March 2026

===== PDF_PAGE 90 =====
For the year ended 31 December 2025
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
88
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and 
Other Comprehensive Income
2025 2024
Notes HK$’000 HK$’000    
Revenue 8 161,678 186,909
Cost of sales (104,257) (127,306)    
Gross profit 57,421 59,603
Other income 9 1,209 1,146
Other gains/(losses), net 10 1,780 1,569
Administrative expenses (45,800) (45,949)
Selling and distribution expenses (12,512) (14,593)
Provision for impairment losses on trade receivables, net 6(b) (56) (434)    
Operating profit 2,042 1,342    
Finance income 12 5,574 6,981
Finance costs 12 (247) (316)    
Finance income, net 12 5,327 6,665    
Profit before income tax 14 7,369 8,007
Income tax expenses 13 (797) (1,529)    
Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company 6,572 6,478    
Earnings per share
Basic, HK cents 17 1.6 1.6    
Diluted, HK cents 17 1.6 1.6    

===== PDF_PAGE 91 =====
For the year ended 31 December 2025
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
89
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and 
Other Comprehensive Income (Continued)
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000    
Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company 6,572 6,478
Other comprehensive income
Item that may be reclassified to profit or loss:
– Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 4,147 (2,708)
– Release of exchange reserve upon deregistration of a subsidiary 116 –
Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax 4,263 (2,708)    
Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to owners of 
the Company 10,835 3,770    

===== PDF_PAGE 92 =====
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
At 31 December 2025
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
90
2025 2024
Notes HK$’000 HK$’000    
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment 18 32,486 32,124
Right-of-use assets 19 5,297 9,170
Intangible asset 20 591 320
Prepayments and deposit 21 1,564 4,333
Deposit and prepayments for a life insurance policy 22 4,787 4,589
Deferred tax assets 24 1,486 1,471    
46,211 52,007    
Current assets
Inventories 25 1,653 2,233
Trade receivables 26 22,964 18,872
Prepayments, deposits and other receivables 21 5,957 7,109
Amount due from a related party 27 – 191
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”) 23 2,905 1,740
Current tax assets 415 516
Time deposits 28 11,144 18,994
Bank and cash balances 28 187,703 175,131    
232,741 224,786    
Current liabilities
Trade payables 29 10,208 10,464
Contract-related liabilities 30 976 5,284
Lease liabilities 31 3,944 4,104
Accruals and other payables 32 10,323 10,479
Amount due to a related party 27 29 –
Current tax liabilities – 55    
25,480 30,386    
Net current assets 207,261 194,400    
Total assets less current liabilities 253,472 246,407    

===== PDF_PAGE 93 =====
At 31 December 2025
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
91
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position (Continued)
2025 2024
Notes HK$’000 HK$’000    
Non-current liabilities
Provision 32 251 251
Lease liabilities 31 1,691 5,461    
1,942 5,712    
NET ASSETS 251,530 240,695    
CAPITAL AND RESERVES
Share capital 33 4,000 4,000
Share premium 56,188 56,188
Other reserves 34 2,704 (1,591)
Retained earning 188,638 182,098    
TOTAL EQUITY 251,530 240,695    
Approved by the Board of Directors on 20 March 2026 and are signed on its behalf by:
Or Naam Chan Hoi Yan, Polly
Director Director

===== PDF_PAGE 94 =====
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the year ended 31 December 2025
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
92
Share
capital
Share 
premium
Capital and 
other 
reserves 
(Note 34(a))
Statutory 
reserve 
(Note 34(b))
Exchange 
reserve
(Note 34(c))
Retained 
earnings
Total
equity
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000        
At 1 January 2024 4,000 56,188 46 3,774 (2,703) 175,620 236,925
Profit for the year – – – – – 6,478 6,478
Other comprehensive income – – – – (2,708) – (2,708)        
Total comprehensive income  
for the year – – – – (2,708) 6,478 3,770        
At 31 December 2024 4,000 56,188 46 3,774 (5,411) 182,098 240,695        
At 1 January 2025 4,000 56,188 46 3,774 (5,411) 182,098 240,695
Profit for the year – – – – – 6,572 6,572
Other comprehensive income
Exchange differences on translation  
of foreign operations – – – – 4,147 – 4,147
Release of exchange  
reserve upon  
deregistration of a subsidiary – – – – 116 – 116        
Total comprehensive income for the 
year – – – – 4,263 6,572 10,835        
Transfer to statutory reserve – – – 32 – (32) –        
At 31 December 2025 4,000 56,188 46 3,806 (1,148) 188,638 251,530        

===== PDF_PAGE 95 =====
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the year ended 31 December 2025
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
93
2025 2024
Notes HK$’000 HK$’000    
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit before taxation 7,369 8,007
Adjustments for:
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment 14 6,819 5,910
Depreciation of right-of-use assets 14 4,071 4,219
Amortisation of intangible asset 14 137 91
Provision for impairment losses on trade receivables, net 14 56 434
Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment 10 161 –
Net fair value gains on financial assets at FVTPL 10 (733) (150)
Gain on early termination of lease 10 (3) –
Loss on deregistration of a subsidiary 10 122 –
Written-down of inventories to net realisable value 14 211 1,358
Dividend income 9 (47) (39)
Finance income 12 (5,574) (6,981)
Finance costs 12 247 316
Net premium income on a life insurance policy 9 (198) (151)
Foreign exchange difference on operating activities 148 (1,338)    
Operating profit before working capital changes 12,786 11,676
Decrease/(increase) in inventories 369 (1,061)
(Increase)/decrease in trade receivables (4,214) 976
Decrease in prepayments, deposits and other receivables 1,509 1,438
Decrease/(increase) in amount due with a related party 220 (77)
(Decrease)/increase in trade payables (738) 5,249
Decrease in contract-related liabilities (4,314) (2,080)
Decrease in accruals and other payables (347) (5,868)    
Cash generated from operations 5,271 10,253
Income tax paid (710) (3,375)    
Net cash generated from operating activities 4,561 6,878    

===== PDF_PAGE 96 =====
For the year ended 31 December 2025
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
94
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (Continued)
2025 2024
Notes HK$’000 HK$’000    
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchase of property, plant and equipment (3,266) (6,917)
Purchase of intangible assets (390) (393)
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment 68 –
Deregistration of a subsidiary 8 –
Dividend received 47 39
Interest received 5,574 6,981
Placement of time deposits (11,144) (18,994)
Withdrawal of time deposits 18,994 6,577
Purchase of financial assets at FVTPL (432) –    
Net cash generated from/(used in) investing activities 9,459 (12,707)    
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Principle element of lease payments 35 (4,139) (4,210)
Interest element of lease payments 35 (247) (316)    
Net cash used in financing activities 35 (4,386) (4,526)    
NET INCREASE/(DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 9,634 (10,355)
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT 1 JANUARY 175,131 186,971
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash 
equivalents 2,938 (1,485)    
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT 31 DECEMBER 187,703 175,131    
ANALYSIS OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Bank and cash balances 28 187,703 175,131    

===== PDF_PAGE 97 =====
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
95
1 General Information
Takbo Group Holdings Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 8 February 2017 as 
an exempted company with limited liability under Companies Law, Cap. 22 (Law 3 of 1961, as combined and 
revised) of the Cayman Islands. The registered address of the Company is Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, P.O. 
Box 2681, Grand Cayman, KY1-1111, Cayman Islands.
The Company is an investment holding company. The Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”) 
are principally engaged in the design, development, manufacture and sale of beauty products, and the 
design, development and sale of beauty bags.
The ultimate controlling parties of the Company are Mr. Or Naam, Ms. Chu Siu Fong (“Ms. Chu”) and Ms. Chan 
Hoi Yan Polly (“Ms. Chan”) (collectively the “Controlling Shareholders”). The ultimate holding company of the 
Company is Classic Charm Investments Limited (“Classic Charm”), and its place of incorporation is the British 
Virgin Islands (the “BVI”).
The Company became listed on the GEM of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on 27 October 2017.
These consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”), unless otherwise stated.
2 Basis of Preparation
These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRS Accounting 
Standards issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”). HKFRS 
Accounting Standards comprise Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRS”); Hong Kong 
Accounting Standards (“HKAS”); and Interpretations. These consolidated financial statements include 
applicable disclosures required by the provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on GEM of 
the Stock Exchange and with the disclosure requirements of the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622).
The HKICPA has issued certain new and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards that are first effective 
or available for early adoption for the current accounting period of the Group. Note 3 provides information on 
any changes in accounting policies resulting from initial application of these developments for the current and 
prior accounting periods.

===== PDF_PAGE 98 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
96
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
3 Adoption of HKFRS Accounting Standards
(a) Adoption of amended HKFRS Accounting Standards – effective 1 January 
2025
The HKICPA has issued a number of amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards that are first effective 
for the current accounting period of the Group:
Amendments to HKAS 21 Lack of Exchangeability
Amendments to Illustrative Examples  
on HKFRS 7, HKFRS 18, HKAS 1,  
HKAS 8, HKAS 36 and HKAS 37
Disclosure about Uncertainties in the Financial Statements
The application of the above amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards in the current year has had 
no material impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior years 
and/or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.
(b) New and amended to HKFRS Accounting Standards that have been issued 
but are not yet effective
The following new and amended HKFRS Accounting Standards, have been issued, but are not yet 
effective and have not been early adopted by the Group. The Group’s current intention is to apply these 
changes on the date they become effective.
Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 Amendments to Classification and Measurement of Financial 
Instruments1
Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 Contracts Referencing Nature – Dependent Electricity1
Amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 7, 
HKFRS 9, HKFRS 10 and HKAS 7
Annual Improvements to HKFRS Accounting Standards – 
Volume 111
Amendments to HKAS 21 Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation Currency2
HKFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements2
HKFRS 19 Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures2
Amendments to HKFRS 10 and  
HKAS 28
Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its 
Associate or Joint Venture3
1 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026
2 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027
3 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined by HKICPA

===== PDF_PAGE 99 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
97
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
3 Adoption of HKFRS Accounting Standards (Continued)
(b) New and amended to HKFRS Accounting Standards that have been issued 
but are not yet effective (Continued)
The Group is currently assessing the impact of these new and amended HKFRS Accounting Standards. 
The Group does not expect the new and amended standards issued by the HKICPA, but not yet 
effective, to have a material impact on the Group’s financial position and performance, except for HKFRS 
18.
HKFRS 18 introduces new requirements for presentation within the statement of profit or loss, including 
specified totals and subtotals. Entities are required to classify all income and expenses within the 
statement of profit or loss into one of the five categories: operating, investing, financing, income taxes 
and discontinued operations and to present two new defined subtotals. It also requires disclosures 
about management-defined performance measures in a single note and introduces enhanced 
requirements on the grouping (aggregation and disaggregation) and the location of information in both 
the primary financial statements and the notes. The new requirements are expected to affect the Group’s 
presentation of the consolidated statements of profit or loss and disclosures of the Group’s financial 
performance but are unlikely to have a significant impact on the Group’s net profit and financial position 
in the period of initial application for HKFRS 18.
4 Material Accounting Policy Information
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, unless 
mentioned otherwise in the accounting policies below (e.g. certain financial instruments that are measured at 
fair value).
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with HKFRS Accounting Standards requires the use of 
certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of 
applying the Group’s accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or 
areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial statements are disclosed 
in note 5.
The material accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set 
out below. These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.
(a) Consolidation
The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its 
subsidiaries made up to 31 December. Subsidiaries are entities over which the Group has control. The 
Group controls an entity when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the 
entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. The Group has power 
over an entity when the Group has existing rights that give it the current ability to direct the relevant 
activities, i.e. activities that significantly affect the entity’s returns.

===== PDF_PAGE 100 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
98
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
4 Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
(a) Consolidation (Continued)
Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are 
de-consolidated from the date the control ceases.
Intragroup transactions, balances and unrealised profits are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also 
eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred.
(b) Separate financial statements
In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less 
impairment loss. Cost includes direct attributable costs of investments. The results of subsidiaries are 
accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividend received or receivable.
Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from these 
investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the 
dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial statements 
exceeds the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s net assets 
including goodwill.
(c) Foreign currency translation
(i) Functional and presentation currency
Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using 
the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional 
currency”). The consolidated financial statements are presented in HK$, which is the Company’s 
functional and presentation currency.
(ii) Transactions and balances in each entity’s financial statements
Transactions in foreign currencies are translated into the functional currency on initial recognition 
using the exchange rates prevailing on the transaction dates. Monetary assets and liabilities in 
foreign currencies are translated at the exchange rates at the end of each reporting period. Gains 
and losses resulting from this translation policy are recognised in profit or loss.
Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign 
currency are translated using the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction dates. The 
transaction date is the date on which the company initially recognises such non-monetary assets or 
liabilities. Non-monetary items that are measured at fair value in foreign currencies are translated 
using the exchange rates at the dates when the fair values are determined.
When a gain or loss on a non-monetary item is recognised in other comprehensive income, any 
exchange component of that gain or loss is recognised in other comprehensive income. When a 
gain or loss on a non-monetary item is recognised in profit or loss, any exchange component of that 
gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss.

===== PDF_PAGE 101 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
99
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
4 Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
(c) Foreign currency translation (Continued)
(iii) Translation on consolidation
The results and financial position of all foreign operations (none of which has the currency 
of hyperinflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the Company’s 
presentation currency are translated into the Company’s presentation currency as follows:
– Assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position presented are translated at the 
closing rate at the date of that statement of financial position;
– Income and expenses are translated at average exchange rates for the period (unless this 
average is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on 
the transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at the exchange 
rates on the transaction dates); and
– All resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and 
accumulated in the exchange reserve.
On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of monetary items that form 
part of the net investment in foreign entities are recognised in other comprehensive income 
and accumulated in the exchange reserve. When a foreign operation is sold, such exchange 
differences are reclassified to consolidated profit or loss as part of the gain or loss on disposal. 
(d) Property, plant and equipment
Property, plant and equipment are held for use in the production or supply of goods or services, or for 
administrative purposes. Property, plant and equipment, other than construction in progress, are stated 
in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost, less subsequent accumulated depreciation 
and subsequent accumulated impairment losses, if any. Construction in progress is stated at cost less 
any impairment loss, and is not depreciation. It is reclassified to the appropriate to other category of 
property, plant and equipment when completed and ready for intended use.
Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as 
appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow 
to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. All other repairs and maintenance are 
recognised in profit or loss during the period in which they are incurred.

===== PDF_PAGE 102 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
100
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
4 Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
(d) Property, plant and equipment (Continued)
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment is calculated at rates sufficient to write off their  cost less 
their residual values over the estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis. The principal annual rates as 
follows:
Leasehold improvements Over the shorter of the term of the lease or 20%
Plant and machinery 10% to 20%
Furniture and equipment 10% to 20%
Motor vehicles 10% to 25%
The residual values, useful lives and depreciation method are reviewed and adjusted, if appropriate, 
at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a 
prospective basis.
The gain or loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment is the difference between the net sales 
proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant asset, and is recognised in profit of loss.
(e) Leases
The Group as a lessee
All leases are capitalised in the statement of financial position as right-of-use asset and lease liabilities, 
except for (i) leases which are short-term leases and/or (ii) leases for which, for the underlying asset is of 
low value. The lease payments associated with those leases which are not capitalised are recognised as 
an expense on a systematic basis over the lease term.
Right-of-use asset
The right-of-use asset are initially recognised at cost and would comprise: (i) the amount of the initial 
measurement of the lease liability (see below for the accounting policy to account for lease liability); (ii) 
any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received; (iii) 
any initial direct costs incurred by the lessee and (iv) an estimate of costs to be incurred by the lessee in 
dismantling and removing the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and conditions of 
the lease, unless those costs are incurred to produce inventories.
The Group measures the right-of-use assets applying a cost model. Under the cost model, the Group 
measures the right-of-use at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses, and 
adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liability. Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line 
basis over the lease terms.

===== PDF_PAGE 103 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
101
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
4 Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
(e) Leases (Continued)
Lease liability
The lease liability is initially recognised at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the 
date of commencement of the lease. The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit 
in the lease, if that rate can be readily determined. If that rate cannot be readily determined, the Group 
uses the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate.
Subsequent to the commencement date, the Group measures the lease liability by: (i) increasing the 
carrying amount to reflect interest on the lease liability; (ii) reducing the carrying amount to reflect the 
lease payments made; and (iii) remeasuring the carrying amount to reflect any reassessment or lease 
modifications, or to reflect revised in-substance fixed lease payments.
When the Group renegotiates the contractual terms of a lease with the lessor, where the renegotiation 
increases the scope of the lease (such as an extension to the lease term), the lease liability is 
remeasured using the discount rate applicable on the modification date, with the right-of-use asset being 
adjusted by the same amount. If the renegotiation results in a decrease in the scope of the lease, both 
the carrying amount of the lease liability and right-of-use asset are reduced by the same proportion to 
reflect the partial or full termination of the lease with any difference recognised in profit or loss. The lease 
liability is then further adjusted to ensure its carrying amount reflects the amount of the renegotiated 
payments over the renegotiated term, with the modified lease payments discounted at the rate applicable 
on the modification date and the right-of-use asset is adjusted by the same amount.
(f) Inventories
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined using the 
weighted average basis. The cost of finished goods and work in progress comprises raw materials, direct 
labour and an appropriate proportion of all production overhead expenditure, and where appropriate, 
subcontracting charges. The costs of purchased inventory are determined after deducting rebates and 
discounts. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the 
estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.
(g) Contract liabilities
A contract liability is recognised when the customer pays consideration before the Group recognises the 
related revenue. A contract liability would also be recognised if the Group has an unconditional right to 
receive consideration before the Group recognises the related revenue. In such cases, a corresponding 
receivable would also be recognised.

===== PDF_PAGE 104 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
102
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
4 Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
(h) Recognition and derecognition of financial instruments
Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position 
when the Group entity becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.
Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs that 
are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other 
than financial assets and financial liabilities at FVTPL) are added to or deducted from the fair value 
of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs 
directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL are recognised 
immediately in profit or loss.
The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset 
expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of 
the asset to another entity.
The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are 
discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial 
liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable, including any non-cash assets transferred 
or liabilities assumed, is recognised in profit or loss.
(i) Financial assets
All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date 
basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of 
assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the marketplace. All recognised 
financial assets are measured subsequently in their entirety at either amortised cost or fair value, 
depending on the classification of the financial assets.
Debt instruments
Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for managing 
the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are two measurement categories into 
which the Group classifies its debt instruments: 
Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows 
represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost. Financial assets 
at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest method. Interest income, 
foreign exchange gains and losses and impairment are recognised in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on 
derecognition is recognised in profit or loss.
FVTPL: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”) are measured at FVTPL. A gain or loss on a debt investment 
that is subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss and is not part of a hedging relationship 
is recognised in profit or loss in the period in which it arises.

===== PDF_PAGE 105 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
103
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
4 Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
(i) Financial assets (Continued)
Equity investments
An investment in equity securities is classified as FVTPL unless the equity investment is not held for 
trading purposes and on initial recognition of the investment the Group makes an election to designate 
the investment at FVTOCI (non-recycling) such that subsequent changes in fair value are recognised in 
other comprehensive income. Dividends from an investment in equity securities, irrespective of whether 
classified as at FVTPL or FVTOCI, are recognised in profit or loss as other income.
(j) Trade and other receivables
A receivable is recognised when the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration. A right 
to receive consideration is unconditional if only the passage of time is required before payment of that 
consideration is due. If revenue has been recognised before the Group has an unconditional right to 
receive consideration, the amount is presented as a contract asset.
Trade receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional unless they 
contain significant financing components, when they are recognised at fair value. The Group holds the 
trade receivables with the objective of collecting the contractual cash flows and therefore measures them 
subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method less allowance for credit losses.
(k) Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand, demand deposits with banks and other 
financial institutions, and short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known 
amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, having been within 
three months of maturity at acquisition. Cash and cash equivalents are assessed for expected credit loss 
(“ECL”).
(l) Financial liabilities and equity instruments
Financial liabilities and equity instruments are classified according to the substance of the contractual 
arrangements entered into and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument under 
HKFRS Accounting Standards. An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in 
the assets of the Group after deducting all of its liabilities. The accounting policies adopted for specific 
financial liabilities and equity instruments are set out below.
(m) Trade and other payables
Trade and other payables are recognised initially at their fair value and subsequently measured at 
amortised cost using the effective interest method unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, 
in which case they are stated at cost.

===== PDF_PAGE 106 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
104
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
4 Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
(n) Equity instruments
An equity instrument is any contract that evidence a residual interest in the assets of an entity after 
deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recorded at the proceeds 
received, net of direct issue costs.
(o) Revenue, other income and finance income
Revenue is recognised when control over a product or service is transferred to the customer, at the 
amount of promised consideration to which the Group is expected to be entitled, excluding those 
amounts collected on behalf of third parties. Revenue excludes value added tax or other sales taxes and 
is after deduction of any trade discounts.
(i) Sale of beauty products and bags
The Group manufactures and sells a range of beauty products and bags to customers. Revenue 
from the sales and distribution of products is recognised when control of the products has 
transferred, being at the point the products are delivered to the customer’s premise and the 
customer has accepted the products, and there is no unfulfilled obligation that could affect the 
customer’s acceptance of the products. Delivery occurs when the products have been shipped to 
the specified location, the risks of obsolescence and loss have been transferred to the customer, 
and either the customer has accepted the products in accordance with the sales contract, the 
acceptance provisions have lapsed, or the Group has objective evidence that all criteria for 
acceptance have been satisfied.
Revenue from these sales is recognised based on the price specified in the contract, net of 
discounts, returns and value added taxes. For contracts that permit the customer to return an item 
other than for exchange of same item, revenue is recognised to the extent that it is highly probable 
that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur. The 
amount of revenue recognised is adjusted for expected returns, which are estimated based on 
the historical data for specific types of products. In these circumstances, a refund liability and a 
right to recover returned goods asset are recognised. The right to recover returned goods asset is 
measured at the former carrying amount of the inventory less any expected costs to recover goods. 
The refund liability is included in contract-related liabilities and the right to recover returned goods 
is included in inventory. The Group reviews its estimate of expected returns at each reporting date 
and updates the amounts of the asset and liability accordingly.
 

===== PDF_PAGE 107 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
105
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
4 Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
(o) Revenue, other income and finance income (Continued)
(ii) Interest income
Interest income is presented as finance income where it is earned from financial assets that are 
held for cash management purposes. Any other interest income is included in other income.
Interest income is recognised as it accrues using the effective interest method. For credit impaired 
financial assets, the effective interest rate is applied to the amortised cost (i.e. gross carrying 
amount net of loss allowance) of the asset.
(iii) Dividend income
Dividend income is recognised when the shareholders’ rights to receive payment are established.
(p) Employee benefits
(i) Employee leave entitlements
Employee entitlements to annual leave and long service leave are recognised when they accrue to 
employees. A provision is made for the estimated liability for annual leave and long service leave as 
a result of services rendered by employees up to the end of the reporting period.
Employee entitlements to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time of leave.
(ii) Pension obligations
The Group contributes to defined contribution retirement schemes which are available to all 
employees. Contributions to the schemes by the Group and employees are calculated as a 
percentage of employees’ basic salaries. The retirement benefit scheme cost charged to profit or 
loss represents contributions payable by the Group to the funds.
(iii) Termination benefits
Termination benefits are recognised at the earlier of the dates when the Group can no longer 
withdraw the offer of those benefits, and when the Group recognises restructuring costs and 
involves the payment of termination benefits.

===== PDF_PAGE 108 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
106
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
4 Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
(q) Government grants
A government grant is recognised when there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with 
the conditions attaching to it and that the grant will be received.
Government grants relating to income are deferred and recognised in profit or loss over the period to 
match them with the costs they are intended to compensate.
Government grants that become receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred 
or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are 
recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable.
(r) Taxation
Income tax represents the sum of the current tax and deferred tax.
The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit 
recognised in profit or loss because of items of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other 
years and items that are never taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using 
tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.
Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and 
liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the 
computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary 
differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary differences to 
the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which deductible temporary 
differences can be utilised. Such assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference 
arises from goodwill or from the initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of other assets 
and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit and at the 
time of transaction does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences.
Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences arising on investments in 
subsidiaries, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference and it is 
probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

===== PDF_PAGE 109 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
107
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
4 Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
(r) Taxation (Continued)
The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced 
to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part 
of the asset to be recovered.
Deferred tax is calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period when the liability is 
settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by 
the end of the reporting period. Deferred tax is recognised in profit or loss, except when it relates to 
items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case the deferred tax is 
also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.
The measurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities reflects the tax consequences that would follow 
from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the 
carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.
For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises the 
right-of-use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax deductions 
are attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.
For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group 
applies HKAS 12 requirements to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities separately.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax 
assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation 
authority and the Group intends either to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis, or to 
realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

===== PDF_PAGE 110 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
108
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
4 Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
(s) Impairment of non-financial assets
The carrying amounts of non-financial assets are reviewed at each reporting date for indications of 
impairment and where an asset is impaired, it is written down as an expense through the consolidated 
statement of profit or loss to its estimated recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is determined 
for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of 
those from other assets or groups of assets. If this is the case, recoverable amount is determined for the 
cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs. Recoverable amount is the higher of value in use and 
the fair value less costs of disposal of the individual asset or the cash-generating unit.
Value in use is the present value of the estimated future cash flows of the asset/cash-generating unit. 
Present values are computed using pre-tax discount rates that reflect the time value of money and the 
risks specific to the asset/cash-generating unit whose impairment is being measured.
Impairment losses for cash-generating units are allocated first against the goodwill of the unit and then 
pro rata amongst the other assets of the cash-generating unit. Subsequent increases in the recoverable 
amount caused by changes in estimates are credited to profit or loss to the extent that they reverse the 
impairment.
(t) Impairment of financial assets
The Group recognises a loss allowance for ECL on trade and other receivables, amount due from a 
related party, bank and cash balances and other debt instruments that are measured at amortised 
cost. The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial 
recognition of the respective financial instrument.
The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables. The ECL on these financial assets are 
estimated using a provision matrix based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for 
factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the 
current as well as the forecast direction of conditions at the reporting date, including time value of money 
where appropriate.
For all other financial instruments, the Group recognises lifetime ECL when there has been a significant 
increase in credit risk since initial recognition. However, if the credit risk on the financial instrument 
has not increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group measures the loss allowance for that 
financial instrument at an amount equal to 12-month ECL.
Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of a 
financial instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to 
result from default events on a financial instrument that are possible within 12 months after the reporting 
date.

===== PDF_PAGE 111 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
109
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
4 Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
(t) Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
Significant increase in credit risk
In assessing whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial 
recognition, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument at the 
reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument at the date of initial 
recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information 
that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that 
is available without undue cost or effort. Forward-looking information considered includes the future 
prospects of the industries in which the Group’s debtors operate, obtained from economic expert reports, 
financial analysts, governmental bodies, relevant think-tanks and other similar organisations, as well as 
consideration of various external sources of actual and forecast economic information that relate to the 
Group’s debtors core operations.
In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has 
increased significantly since initial recognition:
– an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available) or 
internal credit rating;
– significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk for a particular financial 
instrument;
– existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are 
expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;
– an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;
– significant increases in credit risk on other financial instruments of the same debtor;
– an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological 
environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its 
debt obligations.
Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk on a 
financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more 
than 30 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates 
otherwise.

===== PDF_PAGE 112 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
110
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
4 Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
(t) Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
Significant increase in credit risk (Continued)
Despite the foregoing, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a financial instrument has not increased 
significantly since initial recognition if the financial instrument is determined to have low credit risk at the 
reporting date. A financial instrument is determined to have low credit risk if:
(i) the financial instrument has a low risk of default,
(ii) the debtor has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term, and
(iii) adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the longer term may, but will not 
necessarily, reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfil its contractual cash flow obligations.
 
The Group considers a financial asset to have low credit risk when the asset has external credit rating 
of “investment grade” in accordance with the globally understood definition or if an external rating is not 
available, the asset has an internal rating of “performing”. Performing means that the counterparty has a 
strong financial position and there is no past due amounts.
The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a 
significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable 
of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.
Definition of default
The Group considers the following as constituting an event of default for internal credit risk management 
purposes as historical experience indicates that receivables that meet either of the following criteria are 
generally not recoverable.
– when there is a breach of financial covenants by the counterparty; or
– information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is 
unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any collaterals 
held by the Group).
Irrespective of the above analysis, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial 
asset is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to 
demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

===== PDF_PAGE 113 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
111
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
4 Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
(t) Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
Credit-impaired financial assets
A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the 
estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is 
credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:
– significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the counterparty;
– a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;
– the lender(s) of the counterparty, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the counterparty’s 
financial difficulty, having granted to the counterparty a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not 
otherwise consider;
– it is becoming probable that the counterparty will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation; 
or
– the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties.
Write-off policy
The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the debtor is in severe 
financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, including when the debtor has been 
placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings. Financial assets written off may 
still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account 
legal advice where appropriate. Any recoveries made are recognised in profit or loss.
Measurement and recognition of ECL
The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude 
of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default 
and loss given default is based on historical data adjusted by forward-looking information as described 
above. As for the exposure at default, for financial assets, this is represented by the assets’ gross 
carrying amount at the reporting date.

===== PDF_PAGE 114 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
112
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
4 Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
(t) Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
Measurement and recognition of ECL (Continued)
For financial assets, the ECL is estimated as the difference between all contractual cash flows that 
are due to the Group in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to 
receive, discounted at the original effective interest rate.
If the Group has measured the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an amount equal to lifetime 
ECL in the previous reporting period, but determines at the current reporting date that the conditions for 
lifetime ECL are no longer met, the Group measures the loss allowance at an amount equal to 12-month 
ECL at the current reporting date, except for assets for which simplified approach was used.
The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments with a 
corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account.
(u) Provisions and contingent liabilities
Provisions are recognised for liabilities of uncertain timing or amount when the Group has a present legal 
or constructive obligation arising as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of economic 
benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made. Where the time 
value of money is material, provisions are stated at the present value of the expenditures expected to 
settle the obligation. The discount rate used to determine the present value is a pre-tax rate that reflects 
current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The increase 
in the provision due to the passage of time is recognised as interest expense.
Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be 
estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow 
is remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-
occurrence of one or more future events are also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the probability 
of outflow is remote.

===== PDF_PAGE 115 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
113
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
4 Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
(v) Research and development costs
Expenditure on internally developed products is capitalised if it can be demonstrated that:
• it is technically feasible to develop the product for it to be sold;
• adequate resources are available to complete the development;
• there is an intention to complete and sell the product;
• the Group is able to sell the product; and
• sale of the product will generate future economic benefits; and expenditure on the project can be 
measured reliably.
Development expenditure not satisfying the above criteria and expenditure on the research phase of 
internal projects are recognised in profit or loss as incurred.
(w) Life insurance policy
The Group initially recognised the policy at premium paid and subsequently re-measured the policy 
to the cash surrender value, less an allowance for ECL at each reporting period. The change in cash 
surrender value during the period and the premium paid determine the expense or income to be 
recognised in the period.

===== PDF_PAGE 116 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
114
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
5 Critical Judgements and Key Estimates
In applying the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in note 4, the directors are required to make 
judgements (other than those involving estimations) that have a significant impact on the amounts recognised 
and to make estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily 
apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience 
and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting 
estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, 
or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.
Critical judgements in applying accounting policies
In the process of applying the accounting policies, the directors have made the following judgements that 
have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements (apart 
from those involving estimations, which are dealt with below).
(a) Significant increase in credit risk
As explained in note 4(t), ECL are measured as an allowance equal to 12-month ECL for stage 1 assets, 
or lifetime ECL for stage 2 or stage 3 assets. An asset moves to stage 2 when its credit risk has increased 
significantly since initial recognition. HKFRS 9 does not define what constitutes a significant increase in 
credit risk. In assessing whether the credit risk of an asset has significantly increased, the Group takes 
into account qualitative and quantitative reasonable and supportable forward-looking information.
Key sources of estimation uncertainty
The key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the 
reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets 
and liabilities within the next financial year, are discussed below.
(a) Impairment of trade receivables
The Group uses practical expedient in estimating ECL on trade receivables using a provision matrix. The 
provision rates are based on aging of debtors as groupings of various debtors taking into consideration 
the Group’s historical default rates and forward-looking information that is reasonable and supportable 
available without undue costs or effort. At every reporting date, the historical observed default rates are 
reassessed and changes in the forward-looking information are considered.
As at 31 December 2025, the carrying amount of trade receivables is HK$22,964,000 (net of provision 
for impairment losses of HK$7,207,000) (2024: HK$18,872,000 (net of provision for impairment losses of 
HK$6,802,000)).

===== PDF_PAGE 117 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
115
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
6 Financial Risk Management
The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: foreign currency risk, credit risk, liquidity risk and 
interest rate risk. The Group’s overall risk management programme focuses on the unpredictability of financial 
markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.
(a) Foreign currency risk
The Group has certain exposure to foreign currency risk as most of its business transactions, assets and 
liabilities are principally denominated in the functional currencies of the group entities of HK$, United 
States dollars (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”). The Group monitors its foreign currency exposure closely 
and will consider hedging significant foreign currency exposure should the need arise.
To manage the foreign exchange risk arising from future commercial transactions and recognised assets 
and liabilities, the Group mitigates the risk by maintaining US$ and RMB bank accounts to pay for the 
transactions denominated in these currencies. The amounts of assets and liabilities denominated in each 
currency can be seen in the relevant notes.
Since HK$ is pegged to US$, the directors are of the opinion that the foreign exchange risk arising from 
US$ of the Group is insignificant.
(b) Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty will not meet its obligations under a financial instrument or 
customer contract, leading to a financial loss. The Group is exposed to credit risk from its operating 
activities (primarily trade receivables) and from its financing activities, including deposit and 
prepayments for a life insurance policy, deposits with banks, foreign exchange transactions and other 
financial instruments. The Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from deposit and prepayments for a 
life insurance policy and cash and cash equivalents is limited because the counterparties are insurance 
company and banks and financial institutions with high credit-rating assigned by international credit-
rating agencies, for which the Group considers to have low credit risk.
Trade receivables
Customer credit risk is managed by each business unit subject to the Group’s established policy, 
procedures and control relating to customer credit risk management. Individual credit evaluations are 
performed on all customers requiring credit over a certain amount. These evaluations focus on the 
customer’s past history of making payments when due and current ability to pay, and take into account 
information specific to the customer as well as pertaining to the economic environment in which the 
customer operates. Trade receivables are due within 30 to 120 days from the date of billing. Normally, 
the Group does not obtain collateral from customers.
Majority of the Group’s revenue is received from individual customers in relation to beauty products 
and bags sold and are transacted in cash or credit. The Group’s trade receivables arise from sales of 
beauty products and bags to the customers. As at the end of the year, the top three debtors and the 
largest debtor accounted for approximately 79% and 48% (2024: 66% and 43%) of the Group’s trade 
receivables balance. In order to minimise the credit risk, the management of the Group has delegated a 
team responsible for determination of credit limits and credit approvals.

===== PDF_PAGE 118 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
116
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
6 Financial Risk Management (Continued)
(b) Credit risk (Continued)
Trade receivables (Continued)
The Group measures loss allowances for trade receivables at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs, which 
is calculated using a provision matrix. The Group classifies its trade receivables by nature of customer 
accounts. These include overseas customers and the customers in the People’s Republic of China (the 
“PRC”).
As at 31 December 2025, loss allowances on trade receivables were determined as follows:
Trade receivables as at 
31 December 2025 Current
Up to 3 
months 
past due
3 to 6 
months 
past due
6 to 9 
months 
past due
9 to 12 
months 
past due
Over 12 
months 
past due Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000        
The PRC customers:
Individually assessed:
Gross carrying amount –  
trade receivables 151 459 314 282 334 5,818 7,358
Loss allowance (42) (436) (302) (279) (330) (5,818) (7,207)        
109 23 12 3 4 – 151        
Collectively assessed:
Excepted loss rates 0% 0% 0% N/A N/A N/A
Gross carrying amount –  
trade receivables 985 139 594 – – – 1,718
Loss allowance – – – – – – –        
985 139 594 – – – 1,718        
Oversea customers:
Collectively assessed:
Excepted loss rates 0% 0% N/A N/A N/A 0%
Gross carrying amount –  
trade receivables 20,814 258 – – – 23 21,095
Loss allowance – – – – – – –        
20,814 258 – – – 23 21,095        
Net carrying amount –  
trade receivables 21,908 420 606 3 4 23 22,964        
* Less than 0.01%

===== PDF_PAGE 119 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
117
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
6 Financial Risk Management (Continued)
(b) Credit risk (Continued)
Trade receivables (Continued)
As at 31 December 2024, loss allowances on trade receivables were determined as follows: 
Trade receivables as at 
31 December 2024 Current
Up to 3 
months 
past due
3 to 6 
months 
past due
6 to 9 
months 
past due
9 to 12 
months 
past due
Over 12 
months 
past due Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000        
The PRC customers:
Individually assessed:
Gross carrying amount –  
trade receivables 236 231 122 14 426 6,009 7,038
Loss allowance (182) (178) (94) (11) (328) (6,009) (6,802)        
54 53 28 3 98 – 236        
Collectively assessed:
Excepted loss rates 0%* N/A 0%* N/A N/A N/A
Gross carrying amount –  
trade receivables 1,273 – 53 – – – 1,326
Loss allowance – – – – – – –        
1,273 – 53 – – – 1,326        
Oversea customers:
Collectively assessed:
Excepted loss rates 0%* 0%* 0.02% N/A N/A N/A
Gross carrying amount –  
trade receivables 15,196 2,094 20 – – – 17,310
Loss allowance – – – – – – –        
15,196 2,094 20 – – – 17,310        
Net carrying amount –  
trade receivables 16,523 2,147 101 3 98 – 18,872        
* Less than 0.01%
As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group has assessed that the ECL for trade receivables for both 
PRC customers and overseas customers with collective assessment was immaterial as these trade 
receivables were considered to be of low credit risk.

===== PDF_PAGE 120 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
118
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
6 Financial Risk Management (Continued)
(b) Credit risk (Continued)
Trade receivables (Continued)
Expected loss rates are based on actual loss experience over the past three years. These rates are 
adjusted to reflect differences between economic conditions during the period over which the historical 
data has been collected, current conditions and the Group’s view of economic conditions over the 
expected lives of the receivables.
Movement in the loss allowance for trade receivables during the year is as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
At 1 January 6,802 6,562
Provision for impairment losses 195 1,691
Reversal of provision upon collection (139) (1,257)
Exchange difference 349 (194)   
At 31 December 7,207 6,802   
Other financial assets at amortised cost
Other financial assets at amortised cost are considered to have low credit risk, and the loss allowance 
recognised during the period was therefore limited to 12-month expected losses. Management considers 
a financial asset to be low credit risk when they have low default risk and the issuer has a strong capacity 
to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term.
Other financial assets at amortised cost include deposits and other receivables, amount due from a 
related party, time deposits and bank and cash balances.

===== PDF_PAGE 121 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
119
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
6 Financial Risk Management (Continued)
(c) Liquidity risk
The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor current and expected liquidity requirements to ensure that it 
maintains sufficient reserves of cash to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer term.
The maturity analysis based on contractual undiscounted cash flows of the Group’s non-derivative 
financial liabilities is as follows:
At 31 December 2025
Less than 
1 year
Between 
1 and 2 years
Between 
2 and 5 years Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000     
Trade payables 10,208 – – 10,208
Accruals and other payables 
(excluding accrued staff costs) 3,525 – – 3,525
Amount due to a related party 29 – – 29
Lease liabilities 4,038 1,704 – 5,742     
17,800 1,704 – 19,504     
At 31 December 2024
Less than 
1 year
Between 
1 and 2 years
Between 
2 and 5 years Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000     
Trade payables 10,464 – – 10,464
Accruals and other payables 
(excluding accrued staff costs) 3,962 – – 3,962
Lease liabilities 4,348 3,943 1,621 9,912     
18,774 3,943 1,621 24,338     

===== PDF_PAGE 122 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
120
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
6 Financial Risk Management (Continued)
(d) Interest rate risk
The Group’s exposure to interest-rate risk arises from its bank deposits. These deposits bear interests at 
variable rates that vary with then prevailing market condition.
At 31 December 2025, if interest rates had been 100 basis points lower with all other variables held 
constant, consolidated profit after tax for the year would have been HK$398,000 (2024: HK$463,000) 
lower, arising mainly as a result of lower interest income on bank balances. If interest rates had been 100 
basis points higher, with all other variables held constant, consolidated profit after tax for the year would 
have been HK$398,000 (2024: HK$463,000) higher, arising mainly as a result of higher interest income 
on bank balances.
(e) Categories of financial instruments as at 31 December
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Financial assets
Measured at fair value:
Financial asset at FVTPL
– Listed equity securities 2,459 1,740
– Paper gold 446 –   
2,905 1,740   
Measured at amortised cost:
Trade receivables 22,964 18,872
Deposits and other receivables 597 479
Amount due from a related party – 191
Time deposits 11,144 18,994
Bank and cash balances 187,703 175,131   
222,408 213,667   
Financial liabilities:
Measured at amortised cost:
Trade payables 10,208 10,464
Accruals and other payables (excluding accrued staff costs) 3,525 3,962
Amount due to a related party 29 –   
13,762 14,426
Lease liabilities 5,635 9,565   
19,397 23,991   

===== PDF_PAGE 123 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
121
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
6 Financial Risk Management (Continued)
(f) Fair values
The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities as reflected in the 
consolidated statement of financial position approximate their respective fair values.
7 Fair Value Measurements
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly 
transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The following disclosures of fair value 
measurements use a fair value hierarchy that categorises into three levels of the inputs to valuation techniques 
used to measure fair value:
Level 1 inputs: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Group can 
access at the measurement date.
Level 2 inputs: inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or 
liability, either directly or indirectly.
Level 3 inputs: unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.
(a) Disclosures of level in fair value hierarchy at 31 December 2025 and 2024:
Fair value measurements using Total
Description Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 2025
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000     
Recurring fair value 
measurements:
Financial assets
Financial assets at FVTPL
Listed equity securities 2,459 – – 2,459
Paper gold 446 – – 446     
2,905 – – 2,905     

===== PDF_PAGE 124 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
122
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
7 Fair Value Measurements (Continued)
(a) (Continued)
Fair value measurements using Total
Description Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000     
Recurring fair value 
measurements:
Financial assets
Financial assets at FVTPL
Listed equity securities 1,740 – – 1,740     
8 Revenue
(a) Disaggregation of revenue
The Group is principally engaged in the design, development, manufacture and sale of beauty products, 
and the design, development and sale of beauty bags. Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with 
customers by major products for the year is as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Revenue from contracts with customers within the scope of 
HKFRS 15
Disaggregated by major products
Sales of beauty products
– Cosmetic and other products 146,824 153,586
Sales of beauty bags 14,854 33,323   
161,678 186,909   
Timing of revenue recognition:
At a point in time 161,678 186,909   

===== PDF_PAGE 125 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
123
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
8 Revenue (Continued)
(a) Disaggregation of revenue (Continued)
The Group derives revenue from the transfer of goods at a point in time in the following geographical 
regions:
Design, development, 
manufacture and sale of 
beauty products
Design, development 
and sale of beauty bags Total
2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000       
Primary geographical markets
United States of America (“USA”) 45,410 29,362 11,529 28,339 56,939 57,701
The PRC (excluding Hong Kong) 13,441 18,586 – – 13,441 18,586
Mexico 2,314 5,986 3,092 4,984 5,406 10,970
Belgium – 1,273 – – – 1,273
Canada 4,452 4,124 – – 4,452 4,124
United Kingdom 36,306 84,308 104 – 36,410 84,308
Ireland 44,775 9,114 – – 44,775 9,114
Hong Kong – 499 – – – 499
Other countries or regions 126 334 129 – 255 334       
146,824 153,586 14,854 33,323 161,678 186,909       

===== PDF_PAGE 126 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
124
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
9 Other Income
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Dividend income 47 39
Sample income 4 61
Government grants (note (a)) 798 695
Net premium income on a life insurance policy 198 151
Others 162 200   
1,209 1,146   
Note:
(a) In 2025, the Group recognised government grants in respect of, SME Export Marketing Fund of HK$245,000 a grant obtained from 
the PRC government in respect of setting up new postdoctoral workstation of HK$553,000. The Group has complied with all attached 
conditions and no unfulfilled conditions as at 31 December 2025.
 In 2024, the Group recognised government grants in respect of, SME Export Marketing Fund of HK$100,000 and a grant obtained 
from the PRC government to subsidise to the operating costs of a subsidiary of HK$595,000. The Group has complied with all attached 
conditions and no unfulfilled conditions as at 31 December 2024.
10 Other Gains/(Losses), Net
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Exchange gains, net 1,582 1,338
Net fair value gains on financial assets at FVTPL 733 150
Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment (161) –
Gain on early termination of lease 3 –
Loss on deregistration of a subsidiary (122) –
Others (255) 81   
1,780 1,569   

===== PDF_PAGE 127 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
125
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
11 Segment Information
Management has determined the operating segments based on the reports reviewed by the chief operating 
decision maker that are used for making strategic decisions. The chief operating decision-maker is identified as 
executive directors of the Company. The executive directors consider the business from a product perspective 
and assess the performance of the operating segments based on a measure of gross profit for the purposes 
of allocating resources. No analysis of segment assets or segment liabilities is regularly provided to the chief 
operating decision-maker. These reports are prepared on the same basis as these consolidated financial 
statements. Certain comparative figures of segment information have been re-presented, as the executive 
directors consider the current presentation to be more appropriate.
The management has identified two operating segments based on the types of goods, namely (i) design, 
development, manufacture and sale of beauty products and (ii) design, development and sale of beauty bags.
The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as those described in note 4 to the 
consolidated financial statements. Segment profit does not include unallocated administrative expenses, 
selling and distribution expenses, provision for impairment losses on trade receivable, net, other income, other 
gains/(losses), net, finance income and costs and income tax expense.
There were no inter-segment revenue for the years.
(a) The segment information provided to the chief operating decision-maker are as follows:
For the year ended 31 December 2025
Design,
development,
manufacture
and sale of
beauty
products
Design,
development
and sale of
beauty bags Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000    
Revenue from external customers 146,824 14,854 161,678
Segment profit 54,686 2,735 57,421    

===== PDF_PAGE 128 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
126
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
11 Segment Information (Continued)
(a) (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2024
Design,
development,
manufacture
and sale of
beauty
products
Design,
development
and sale of
beauty bags Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000    
Revenue from external customers 153,586 33,323 186,909
Segment profit (re-presented) 51,895 7,708 59,603    
(b) Reconciliations of segment revenue and profit or loss
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000
(re-presented)    
Revenue 161,678 186,909   
Profit or loss
Total profit or loss of reportable segments 57,421 59,603
Other income 1,209 1,146
Other gains/(losses), net 1,780 1,569
Administrative expenses (45,800) (45,949)
Selling and distribution expenses (12,512) (14,593)
Provision for impairment losses on trade receivables, net (56) (434)
Finance income, net 5,327 6,665   
Consolidated profit before taxation 7,369 8,007   

===== PDF_PAGE 129 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
127
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
11 Segment Information (Continued)
(c) Geographical information
The Group’s revenue from continuing operations from external customers by location of operations and 
information about its non-current assets other than financial instruments and deferred tax assets by 
location of assets are detailed below:
Revenue Non-current assets
2025 2024 2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000     
USA 56,939 57,701 – –
The PRC (excluding Hong Kong) 13,441 18,586 37,995 41,680
Mexico 5,406 10,970 – –
Belgium – 1,273 – –
Canada 4,452 4,124 – –
United Kingdom 36,410 84,308 – –
Ireland 44,775 9,114 – –
Hong Kong – 499 1,943 4,107
Other countries or regions 255 334 – –     
Consolidated total 161,678 186,909 39,938 45,787     
(d) Revenue from major customers
Revenue from major customers who have individually contributed to 10% or more of the total revenue of 
the Group are disclosed as follow:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Design, development, manufacture and sale of beauty products 
segment
Customer A 41,592 33,182
Customer B 44,774 52,567
Customer C 28,716 30,789   
Design, development and sale of beauty bags segment
Customer A N/A* 23,156   
* The amount of revenue from such customer was less than 10% of the total revenue of that year.

===== PDF_PAGE 130 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
128
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
12 Finance Income, Net
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Finance income
Bank interest income 5,574 6,981   
Finance costs
Interest expense on lease liabilities (note 19) (247) (316)   
Finance income, net 5,327 6,665   
13 Income Tax Expenses
Income tax has been recognised in profit or loss as following:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Current tax
Provision for the year 441 667
Under-provision in prior year 312 1,381   
753 2,048   
Deferred tax (note 24) 44 (519)   
797 1,529   
Hong Kong
Under the two-tiered Profits Tax regime, the first HK$2 million of profits of the qualifying group entity established 
in Hong Kong will be taxed at 8.25% (2024: 8.25%), and profits above that amount will be subject to the tax 
rate of 16.5% (2024: 16.5%). The profits of the group entities not qualifying for the two-tiered Profit Tax rate 
regime will continue to be taxed at a rate of 16.5% (2024: 16.5%).
The PRC (excluding Hong Kong)
Under the Law of the PRC Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation Regulation of the EIT 
Law, income tax has been provided at a rate of 25% (2024: 25%), except that Cosbe Laboratory Inc, a wholly 
owned subsidiary of the Group, was granted with the High and New Technology Enterprise status in December 
2022, being valid for 3 years, and therefore it is entitled to a preferential tax rate of 15% (2024: 15%).

===== PDF_PAGE 131 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
129
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
13 Income Tax Expenses (Continued)
Other jurisdictions
No overseas profits tax has been calculated for subsidiaries of the Group that are incorporated in the BVI, the 
Cayman Islands or USA as they have no assessable income for the reporting period (2024: Nil).
The reconciliation between the income tax expenses and the product of profit before taxation multiplied by the 
applicable tax rates is as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Profit before income tax 7,369 8,007   
Tax calculated at a tax rate of 16.5% (2024: 16.5%) 1,216 1,321
Effect of different taxation rates in another jurisdiction (11) (36)
Tax effect of temporary difference not recognised 588 (260)
Tax effect of income that is not taxable (1,135) (1,259)
Tax effect of research and development tax credit (464) (324)
Tax effect of expenses that are not deductible 456 871
Under-provision in prior year 312 1,381
Tax concession under two-tiered profits tax rates regime in Hong Kong (165) (165)   
Income tax expenses 797 1,529   

===== PDF_PAGE 132 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
130
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
14 Profit before Income Tax
The Group’s profit before income tax is stated after charging the following:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Auditor’s remuneration 520 520
Amortisation of intangible asset (note 20) 137 91
Cost of inventories sold (note 25) 103,537 125,269
Write-down of inventories (note 25) 211 1,358   
103,748 126,627
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (note 18) 6,819 5,910
Depreciation of right-of-use assets (note 19) 4,071 4,219
Provision for impairment losses on trade receivables, net 56 434
Research and development expenditure 5,728 6,033   
Cost of inventories sold includes employee benefit expenses of approximately HK$6,850,000 (2024: 
HK$7,252,000) which are included in the amounts disclosed in note 15 and 16.
During the year, depreciation expenses of approximately HK$5,931,000 (2024: HK$5,368,000) has been 
capitalised in inventories and approximately HK$888,000 (2024: HK$542,000) have been charged in 
“administrative expenses”.

===== PDF_PAGE 133 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
131
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
15 Employee Benefit Expenses, excluding Benefits and Interests of 
Directors
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Salaries, bonuses and allowances 14,686 14,731
Pension costs – defined contribution plans (note (a)) 2,528 2,184
Other employee benefits 813 757   
18,027 17,672   
(a) Pensions – defined contribution plans
The Group contributes to defined contribution retirement plans which are available for eligible employees 
in the PRC and Hong Kong.
Pursuant to the relevant laws and regulations in the PRC, the Group has joined defined contribution 
retirement schemes for the employees arranged by local government labour and security authorities 
(the “PRC Retirement Scheme”). The Group makes contributions to the PRC Retirement Scheme at 
the applicable rates based on the amounts stipulated by the local government organisations. Upon 
retirement, the local government labour and security authorities are responsible for the payment of the 
retirement benefits to the retired employees.
The Group operates a Mandatory Provident Fund scheme (the “MPF Scheme”) under the Mandatory 
Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance (Chapter 485 of the laws of Hong Kong) for employees employed 
under the jurisdiction of Hong Kong Employment Ordinance (Chapter 57 of the laws of Hong Kong). The 
MPF Scheme is a defined contribution retirement plan administered by independent trustees. Under the 
MPF Scheme, the employer and the employees are each required to make contributions to the plan at 5% 
of the employees’ relevant income, subject to a cap of monthly relevant income of HK$30,000.
During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group had no forfeited contributions under the 
PRC Retirement Scheme and MPF Scheme and which may be used by the Group to reduce the existing 
level of contributions. There were also no forfeited contributions available at 31 December 2025 and 
2024 under the PRC Retirement Scheme and MPF Scheme which may be used by the Group to reduce 
the contribution payable in future years.

===== PDF_PAGE 134 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
132
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
15 Employee Benefit Expenses, excluding Benefits and Interests of 
Directors (Continued)
(b) Five highest paid individuals
The five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in the Group for the year include three (2024: 
three) directors whose emoluments are reflected in the analysis presented in note 16. The emoluments 
payable to the remaining two (2024: two) non-director individuals during the year are as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Salaries, other allowances and benefits 1,140 1,137
Pension cost – defined contribution plan 36 36   
1,176 1,173   
The emoluments fell within the following band:
Number of individuals
2025 2024   
Nil to HK$1,000,000 2 2   
No directors or any of the five highest paid individuals received any emoluments from the Group as an 
inducement to join or upon joining the Group or compensation for loss of office.

===== PDF_PAGE 135 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
133
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
16 Benefits and Interests of Directors
(a) Directors’ emoluments
For the year ended 31 December 2025
Emoluments paid to or receivable by a director in respect of a person’s services
as a director, whether of the Company or its subsidiary 
Name Fee Salaries
Other 
allowances 
and benefits 
in kind
Discretionary 
bonuses
Defined 
contribution 
pension costs Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000       
Executive directors
Mr. Or Naam, Chief Executive Officer – 3,250 1,829 1,300 18 6,397
Ms. Chan – 2,990 390 1,200 18 4,598
Mr. Or Huen – 2,966 990 1,300 18 5,274
Independent non-executive directors
Mr. Tan Chong Huat 120 – – – – 120
Mr. Sung Chi Keung 120 – – – – 120
Mr. Hui Ha Lam 120 – – – – 120       
360 9,206 3,209 3,800 54 16,629       
For the year ended 31 December 2024
Emoluments paid to or receivable by a director in respect of a person’s services 
as a director, whether of the Company or its subsidiary 
Name Fee Salaries
Other 
allowances 
and benefits 
in kind
Discretionary 
bonuses
Defined 
contribution 
pension costs Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000       
Executive directors
Mr. Or Naam, Chief Executive Officer – 3,250 1,976 1,250 18 6,494
Ms. Chan – 2,990 390 1,150 18 4,548
Mr. Or Huen – 2,962 990 1,250 18 5,220
Independent non-executive directors
Mr. Tan Chong Huat 120 – – – – 120
Mr. Sung Chi Keung 120 – – – – 120
Mr. Hui Ha Lam 120 – – – – 120       
360 9,202 3,356 3,650 54 16,622       
There was no arrangement under which a director waived or agreed to waive any emoluments during the 
year (2024: same).

===== PDF_PAGE 136 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
134
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
16 Benefits and Interests of Directors (Continued)
(b) Directors’ retirement benefits and termination benefits
Save as disclosed in note 16(a), the directors did not receive any other retirement benefits or termination 
benefits during the year (2024: Nil).
(c) Consideration provided to third parties for making available directors’ 
services
During the year, no consideration was provided to or receivable by third parties for making available 
directors services (2024: Nil).
(d) Information about loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of 
directors, controlled bodies corporate and connected entities with such 
directors
As at the end of the year, there are no loans, quasi-loans and other dealing arrangements in favour of 
directors, their controlled bodies corporate and connected entities (2024: Nil).
(e) Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts
Save as disclosed in note 38, no significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the 
Group’s business to which the Group was a party and in which a director of the Company had a material 
interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year (2024: 
Nil).
17 Earnings per Share
Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company, 
by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year.
2025 2024   
Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company (in HK$’000) 6,572 6,478
Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of basic 
earnings per share 400,000,000 400,000,000
Basic earnings per share attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the 
Company (in HK cents) 1.6 1.6   
Diluted earnings per share is equal to basic earnings per share as there were no dilutive potential ordinary 
shares.

===== PDF_PAGE 137 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
135
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
18 Property, Plant and Equipment
Leasehold 
improvements
Construction 
in progress
Plant and 
machinery
Furniture and 
equipment
Motor 
vehicles Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000       
Cost
At 1 January 2024 38,054 1,510 28,745 12,357 3,270 83,936
Additions 270 2,443 1,217 600 – 4,530
Transfer 3,780 (3,780) – – – –
Exchange difference (667) (41) (508) (156) (23) (1,395)       
At 31 December 2024 and  
1 January 2025 41,437 132 29,454 12,801 3,247 87,071
Additions 147 3,504 2,098 125 – 5,874
Transfer 3,408 (3,641) 233 – – –
Disposals – – (549) (1,746) – (2,295)
Exchange difference 1,161 5 1,206 123 35 2,530       
At 31 December 2025 46,153 – 32,442 11,303 3,282 93,180        
Accumulated depreciation
At 1 January 2024 20,098 – 15,866 10,271 3,145 49,380
Charge for the year 3,489 – 1,999 395 27 5,910
Exchange difference (121) – (72) (136) (14) (343)       
At 31 December 2024 and  
1 January 2025 23,466 – 17,793 10,530 3,158 54,947
Charge for the year 4,452 – 1,961 378 28 6,819
Disposals – – (494) (1,572) – (2,066)
Exchange difference (32) – 981 19 26 994       
At 31 December 2025 27,886 – 20,241 9,355 3,212 60,694       
Carrying value
At 31 December 2025 18,267 – 12,201 1,948 70 32,486        
At 31 December 2024 17,971 132 11,661 2,271 89 32,124       

===== PDF_PAGE 138 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
136
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
19 Right-of-use Assets
Buildings
HK$’000  
At 1 January 2024 11,127
Additions 176
Modification 2,315
Depreciation (4,219)
Exchange difference (229)  
At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025 9,170
Modification 139
Depreciation (4,071)
Early termination (207)
Exchange difference 266  
At 31 December 2025 5,297  
Lease liabilities of HK$5,635,000 (2024: HK$9,565,000) are recognised with related right-of-use assets of 
HK$5,297,000 as at 31 December 2025 (2024: HK$9,170,000). The lease agreements do not impose any 
covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may 
not be used as security for borrowing purposes.
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Depreciation of right-of-use assets 4,071 4,219
Interest expense on lease liabilities (included in finance cost) 247 316
Expenses relating to short-term lease (included in selling and  
distribution expenses) 138 131   
For both years, the Group leases office premises and factories for its operations. Lease contracts are entered 
into for fixed term of two years to ten years (2024: two years to ten years), but may have extension option. The 
majority of extension and termination options held are exercisable only by the mutual agreement between 
the Group and the respective lessor. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide 
range of different terms and conditions. In determining the lease term and assessing the length of the non-
cancellable period, the Group applies the definition of a contract and determines the period for which the 
contract is enforceable.

===== PDF_PAGE 139 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
137
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
20 Intangible Asset
Computer 
software Patent rights Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000    
Cost
At 1 January 2024 823 – 823
Addition 393 – 393
Exchange difference (29) – (29)    
At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025 1,187 – 1,187
Addition 129 261 390
Exchange difference 61 2 63    
At 31 December 2025 1,377 263 1,640    
Accumulated amortisation
At 1 January 2024 803 – 803
Amortisation for the year 91 – 91
Exchange difference (27) – (27)    
At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025 867 – 867
Amortisation for the year 111 26 137
Exchange difference 45 – 45    
At 31 December 2025 1,023 26 1,049    
Carrying amount
At 31 December 2025 354 237 591    
At 31 December 2024 320 – 320    

===== PDF_PAGE 140 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
138
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
21 Prepayments, Deposit and Other Receivables
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Non-current portion
Rental deposits – 161
Prepayment for acquisition of property, plant and equipment 1,564 4,172   
1,564 4,333   
Current portion
Prepayments 2,246 3,054
Other receivables 301 242
Other tax assets 3,114 3,737
Other deposits 296 76   
5,957 7,109   
7,521 11,442   
The carrying amounts of the Group’s deposit and other receivables as at the end of the year are denominated 
in the following currencies:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
HK$ 226 232
US$ – 122
RMB 371 125   
597 479   
Information about the impairment of deposits and other receivables, the calculation of the provisions and the 
Group’s exposure to credit risk can be found in note 6(b).

===== PDF_PAGE 141 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
139
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
22 Deposit and Prepayments for a Life Insurance Policy
On 22 June 2022, the Group entered into a life insurance policy (the “Policy”) with an insurance company 
which is a subsidiary of a bank in Hong Kong to insure a member of the key management of the Group. Under 
the policy, the beneficiary and policy holder is the Company. The Company has paid the total insurance 
premium amounted to approximately US$650,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$5,070,000) at the inception 
of the Policy. The Company can terminate the Policy at any time and receive an amount based on the 
surrender value of the contract at the date of withdrawal, which is determined by the insurance premium of 
insurance policy paid plus the accumulated interest earned and less the insurance costs in accordance with 
the terms and conditions of the Policy. There will be a special amount of surrender expense to be charged 
by the insurance company, if the withdrawal is made between the first and fifteen policy years. The insurance 
company guaranteed an interest of 4.1% per annum for the first five years. Commencing from the sixth year, 
the guaranteed interest will be reduced to 2% per annum.
The policy exposes the insurer to significant insurance risk. The gross premium paid at inception of the Policy 
consists of a deposit placed element and a prepayment for life insurance element. These two elements 
are recognised on the consolidated statement of financial position at the aggregate of the amount of gross 
premium paid plus interest earned, and after deducting the annual cost of insurance, other applicable charges 
as well as the applicable surrender charge.
The directors of the Company consider that the expected life of the Policy remains unchanged from the date of 
initial recognition and the financial impact of the option to terminate the Policy was not significant.
As at 31 December 2025, the carrying amount of deposit and prepayments for a life insurance policy is 
HK$4,787,000 (2024: HK$4,589,000).
23 Financial Assets at FVTPL
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Listed equity securities in Hong Kong 2,459 1,740
Paper gold 446 –   
2,905 1,740   
Analysed as:
Current assets 2,905 1,740   
The carrying amounts of the above financial assets are measured at FVTPL in accordance with HKFRS 9.

===== PDF_PAGE 142 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
140
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
23 Financial Assets at FVTPL (Continued)
The investments included above represent investments in listed equity securities and paper gold that offer the 
Group the opportunity for return through dividend income and/or fair value gains. They have no fixed maturity 
or coupon rate.
The fair values of listed securities and paper gold are based on current bid prices.
The fair value of financial assets at FVTPL are within level 1 (2024: level 1) of fair value hierarchy (note 7).
24 Deferred Tax Assets
The analysis of deferred tax assets is as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Deferred tax assets
– to be recovered after more than 12 months 1,486 1,471   
The net movement on the deferred tax assets account is as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
At 1 January 1,471 968
Recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss (note 13) (44) 519
Exchange difference 59 (16)   
At 31 December 1,486 1,471   

===== PDF_PAGE 143 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
141
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
24 Deferred Tax Assets (Continued)
The movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities during the year, without taking into consideration the 
offsetting of balances within the same tax jurisdiction, are as follows:
Accelerated 
tax 
depreciation ECL Inventories Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000     
At 1 January 2024 310 475 183 968
Credited/(charged) to the profit or loss  
for the year (note 13) (3) 688 (166) 519
Exchange difference – (16) – (16)     
At 31 December 2024 and  
1 January 2025 307 1,147 17 1,471
Charged to the profit or loss for the year 
(note 13) (7) (20) (17) (44)
Exchange difference – 59 – 59     
At 31 December 2025 300 1,186 – 1,486     
As at 31 December 2025, deferred tax liabilities have not been recognised for the withholding tax that 
would be payable on the unremitted retained earnings of the Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC amounting to 
approximately HK$33,261,000 (2024: HK$32,946,000). No liability has been recognised in respect of these 
differences because the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences were under control by the Group 
and the Group’s subsidiaries and it is probable that such differences will not be reversed in the foreseeable 
future; and deferred tax assets have not been recognised for the deductible temporary differences related 
to the written-down of inventories to net realisable value in a subsidiary in the USA amounting to Nil (2024: 
HK$1,358,000), as the directors of the Company do not consider it probable that there will be sufficient taxable 
profits in the foreseeable future to utilise these deductible temporary differences.

===== PDF_PAGE 144 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
142
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
25 Inventories
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Raw materials 174 232
Work in progress 149 551
Finished goods 1,330 1,450   
1,653 2,233   
For the year ended 31 December 2025, write-down of inventories to the net realisable value was recognised 
as an expense of approximately HK$211,000 (2024: HK$1,358,000). The cost of inventories included in cost of 
sales during the year amounted to approximately HK$103,537,000 (2024: HK$125,269,000).
26 Trade Receivables
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Trade receivables 30,171 25,674
Provision for impairment losses (7,207) (6,802)   
22,964 18,872   
The Group’s trading terms with customers are mainly on credit. The credit terms generally range from 30 to 
120 days (2024: 30 to 120 days). Each customer has a maximum credit limit. For new customers, payment 
in advance is normally required. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables. 
Overdue balances are reviewed regularly by the directors.
The aging analysis of gross trade receivables based on the invoice date is as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
0 to 90 days 19,435 17,441
91 to 180 days 4,130 1,712
181 to 365 days 517 318
Over 365 days 6,089 6,203   
30,171 25,674   

===== PDF_PAGE 145 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
143
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
26 Trade Receivables (Continued)
The Group applies the HKFRS 9 simplified approach to measure ECL which uses a lifetime expected loss 
allowance for all trade receivables. To measure the ECL, these receivables have been grouped based on 
shared credit risk characteristics and the aging from due date.
Information about the impairment of trade receivables, the calculation of the provisions and the Group’s 
exposure to credit risk can be found in note 6(b).
The maximum exposure to credit risk is the carrying amounts of trade receivables. The Group does not hold 
any collateral as security. The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade receivables are denominated in the 
following currencies:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
US$ 21,095 17,310
RMB 1,869 1,562   
22,964 18,872   
27 Amount due (to)/from a Related Party
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Amount due (to)/from Shantou Baoma Processing Complex Company 
Limited (29) 191   
As at 31 December 2024, there was no impairment for the amount due from a related party, as the amount was 
not past due and the related party had no history of default in payment.
The balance was unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

===== PDF_PAGE 146 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
144
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
27 Amount due (to)/from a Related Party (Continued)
The carrying amount of the Group’s amount due (to)/from a related party is denominated in the following 
currency:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
RMB (29) 191   
28 Time Deposits and Bank and Cash Balances
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Time deposits (note (a)) 11,144 18,994   
Cash on hand 47 50
Cash at banks 47,739 60,875
Bank deposits with original maturities of three months or less 139,917 114,206   
Bank and cash balances (note (b)) 187,703 175,131   
Notes:
(a) Time deposits are denominated in the following currency:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
HK$ – 2,102
RMB 11,144 1,775
USD – 15,117   
11,144 18,994   
Time deposits are bank deposits with original maturities of more than three months but less than twelve months. As at 31 December 
2025, the average effective interest rate on time deposits was 1.7% per annum (2024: 3.2% per annum). The time deposits of the 
Group had an average maturity of 154 days (2024: 182 days).
As at 31 December 2025, HK$11,144,000 of the time deposits of the Group denominated in RMB held in banks in the PRC (2024: Nil). 
Conversion of these RMB into foreign currencies is subject to the PRC’s Foreign Exchange Control Regulations and Administration of 
Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations.

===== PDF_PAGE 147 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
145
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
28 Time Deposits and Bank and Cash Balances (Continued)
Notes: (Continued)
(b) Bank and cash balances are denominated in the following currencies:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
HK$ 5,288 5,128
US$ 160,841 120,525
RMB 21,511 49,423
Others 63 55   
187,703 175,131   
As at 31 December 2025, the bank and cash balances of the Group denominated in RMB held in banks in the PRC amounted to 
HK$19,082,000 (2024: HK$47,252,000). Conversion of these RMB into foreign currencies is subject to the PRC’s Foreign Exchange 
Control Regulations and Administration of Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations.
29 Trade Payables
The aging analysis of the trade payables based on invoice dates as at the end of the year is as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
0 to 90 days 8,254 8,234
91 to 180 days 1,162 1,576
181 to 365 days 103 88
Over 365 days 689 566   
10,208 10,464   

===== PDF_PAGE 148 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
146
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
29 Trade Payables (Continued)
The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade payables are denominated in the following currencies:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
US$ – 1,108
RMB 10,208 9,356   
10,208 10,464   
30 Contract-related Liabilities
Contract-related liabilities as at 31 December 2025, included refund liabilities arising from sales discount 
and return amounting to Nil (2024: HK$4,555,000) and contract liabilities amounting to HK$976,000 (2024: 
HK$729,000).
The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised in the current reporting period relates to 
carried-forward contract liabilities.
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Revenue recognised that was included in the contract liabilities balance  
at the beginning of the year 729 1,098   

===== PDF_PAGE 149 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
147
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
31 Lease Liabilities
Future lease payments
Present value of future
lease payments
2025 2024 2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000     
Within one year 4,038 4,348 3,944 4,104
More than one year, but not exceeding 
two years 1,704 3,943 1,691 3,852
More than two years, but not more than 
five years – 1,621 – 1,609     
5,742 9,912 5,635 9,565
Less: Future finance charges (107) (347) N/A N/A     
Present value of lease obligations 5,635 9,565 5,635 9,565   
Less: Amount due for settlement within 
12 months (shown under current 
liabilities) (3,944) (4,104)     
Amount due for settlement after  
12 months 1,691 5,461     
The carrying amounts of the Group’s lease liabilities are denominated in the following currencies:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
HK$ 1,625 3,405
RMB 4,010 6,160   
5,635 9,565   
 

===== PDF_PAGE 150 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
148
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
32 Accruals, Other Payables and Provisions
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Non-current portion
Provision for long service payments 251 251   
Current portion
Accrued expenses (Note) 8,933 8,678
Other payables 1,390 1,801   
10,323 10,479   
10,574 10,730   
Note: Included in the balances was mainly accrued staff costs of approximately HK6,798,000 (2024: HK$6,517,000).
The carrying amounts of the Group’s accruals, provisions and other payables as at the end of the year are 
denominated in the following currencies:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
HK$ 5,699 5,932
US$ 65 266
RMB 4,810 4,532   
10,574 10,730   

===== PDF_PAGE 151 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
149
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
33 Share Capital
Authorised share capital
Number of 
ordinary share 
 of HK$0.01 each
Nominal value of 
ordinary share
HK$’000   
At 1 January 2024, 31 December 2024,  
1 January 2025 and 31 December 2025 10,000,000,000 100,000   
Issued and fully paid
Number of 
ordinary share 
 of HK$0.01 each
Nominal value of 
ordinary share
HK$’000   
At 1 January 2024, 31 December 2024, 1 January 2025 and  
31 December 2025 400,000,000 4,000   
The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going 
concern and to maximise the return to the shareholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity 
balance.
In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to 
shareholders, return capital to shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debts.
The Group monitors capital on the basis of the debt-to-adjusted capital ratio. This ratio is calculated as net 
debt divided by adjusted capital. The Group has no borrowing for both years. Adjusted capital comprises all 
components of equity (i.e. share capital, share premium, retained profits and other reserves).

===== PDF_PAGE 152 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
150
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
33 Share Capital (Continued)
The borrowing-to-adjusted capital ratios at 31 December 2025 and 2024 were as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Borrowings – –   
Adjusted capital 251,530 240,695   
Debt-to-adjusted capital ratio N/A N/A   
34 Other Reserves
(a) Capital and other reserves
Capital and other reserves of the Group include the excess of the aggregate net assets values of the 
subsidiaries acquired by the Company over the nominal consideration payable by the Group for the 
acquisition of subsidiaries pursuant to the reorganisation in relation to the Listing of the Company in 
2017.
(b) Statutory reserve
Under the relevant PRC laws and regulations, the PRC companies are required to allocate 10% of the 
companies’ net profit to the fund until such fund reaches 50% of the companies’ registered capital. 
The statutory reserve fund can be utilised, upon approval by the relevant authorities, to offset against 
accumulated losses or to increase registered capital of the companies, provided that such fund is 
maintained at a minimum of 25% of the companies’ registered capital.
(c) Exchange reserve
The exchange reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of the net 
assets of foreign operations into presentation currency. The reserve is dealt with in accordance with the 
accounting policies set out in note 4(c) to the consolidated financial statements.

===== PDF_PAGE 153 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
151
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
35 Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
(a) Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both 
cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows 
were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash 
flows from financing activities.
For the year ended 31 December 2025
1 January Modification
Early
termination
Finance 
cost
Cash 
flows
Exchange 
difference 31 December
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000        
Lease liabilities 9,565 139 (210) 247 (4,386) 280 5,635        
For the year ended 31 December 2024
1 January
Addition and 
modification
Early
termination
Finance 
cost
Cash 
flows
Exchange 
difference 31 December
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000        
Lease liabilities 11,531 2,491 – 316 (4,526) (247) 9,565        

===== PDF_PAGE 154 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
152
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
35 Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (Continued)
(b) Total cash outflow for leases
Amounts included in the consolidated statement of cash flows for leases comprise the following:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Within operating cash flows 138 131
Within financing cash flows 4,386 4,526   
4,524 4,657   
These amounts relate to the following:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Lease rental paid 4,524 4,657   
36 Contingent Liabilities
As at 31 December 2025, the Group did not have any significant contingent liabilities (2024: Nil).
37 Commitments
Capital commitments
Significant capital expenditure contracted for at the end of the reporting period but not recognised as liabilities 
is as follows:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Property, plant and equipment 839 2,137   

===== PDF_PAGE 155 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
153
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
38 Related Party Transactions
The directors of the Company are of the view that the following individuals and companies were related parties 
that had transactions with the Group during the year:
Name of related party Relationship with the Group  
Mr. Or Tak Ming Spouse of Ms. Chu
Mr. Or Huen Brother of Mr. Or Naam and son of Mr. Or Tak Ming and Ms. Chu
Smart Path Development Limited Controlled by Mr. Or Naam and Ms. Chan
Tak Bo Hong# Controlled by Ms. Chu and Mr. Or Tak Ming
Shantou Baoma Processing Complex 
Company Limited*  
(ʮ̡)
Controlled by Ms. Chu and Mr. Or Tak Ming
# In form of a partnership
* The English name is for identification purpose only.
Other than those transactions and balances disclosed elsewhere in these financial statements, the following 
transactions were carried out with related parties during the year:
(a) Transactions with related parties
The following transactions were undertaken by the Group with related parties during the year:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Shantou Baoma Processing Complex Company Limited
– Purchases 1,428 247
– Utility expenses 1,697 1,857
– Lease payments 2,402 2,333
– Storage expenses 140 131
– Processing fees 148 –   
Smart Path Development Limited
– Lease payments 1,200 1,200   
All of the above transactions with related parties were conducted based on the terms mutually agreed 
between the relevant parties.

===== PDF_PAGE 156 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
154
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
38 Related Party Transactions (Continued)
(b) Key management compensation
Key management personnel are deemed to be the members of the directors of the Company who have 
responsibility for the planning, directing and controlling the activities of the Group.
The compensation paid or payable to key management personnel during the year is shown below:
2025 2024
HK$’000 HK$’000   
Salaries and bonuses 13,366 13,212
Other allowances and benefits in kind 3,209 3,356
Defined contribution pension costs 54 54   
16,629 16,622   

===== PDF_PAGE 157 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
155
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
39 Statement of Financial Position and Reserve Movement of the 
Company
(a) Statement of financial position of the Company
2025 2024
Note HK$’000 HK$’000    
Non-current asset
Investments in subsidiaries 85,226 85,226
Deposit and prepayments for a life insurance policy 4,787 4,589    
90,013 89,815    
Current assets
Amounts due from subsidiaries 38,164 38,167
Bank and cash balances 391 392    
38,555 38,559    
Current liabilities
Amounts due to subsidiaries 390 390    
Net current assets 38,165 38,169    
NET ASSETS 128,178 127,984    
CAPITAL AND RESERVES
Share capital 33 4,000 4,000
Share premium 141,034 141,034
Accumulated losses (16,856) (17,050)    
TOTAL EQUITY 128,178 127,984    
Approved by the Board of Directors on 20 March 2026 and are signed on its behalf by:
Or Naam Chan Hoi Yan, Polly
Director Director

===== PDF_PAGE 158 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
156
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
39 Statement of Financial Position and Reserve Movement of the 
Company (Continued)
(b) Reserve movement of the Company
Share 
premium
Accumulated 
losses Total
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000    
At 1 January 2024 141,034 (17,144) 123,890
Profit for the year and total comprehensive income – 94 94    
At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025 141,034 (17,050) 123,984
Profit for the year and total comprehensive income – 194 194    
At 31 December 2025 141,034 (16,856) 124,178    
40 Investments in Subsidiaries
The Group’s principal subsidiaries at the end of the year are set out below. Unless otherwise stated, they have 
share capital consisting solely of ordinary shares that are held by the Group, and the proportion of ownership 
interests held by the Group held equals the voting rights.
Name of entity
Principal country of operation/
Country of incorporation/ 
Kind of legal entity
Particular of 
issued share 
capital
Attributable effective equity 
interest to the Company 
as at 31 December Principal activities
2025 2024      
Directly held
Alpha Business Global 
Limited
BVI, limited liability company US$1 100% 100% Investment holding
Ulrich Developments 
Limited
BVI, limited liability company US$50,000 100% 100% Investment holding

===== PDF_PAGE 159 =====
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
157
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
Name of entity
Principal country of operation/
Country of incorporation/ 
Kind of legal entity
Particular of 
issued share 
capital
Attributable effective equity 
interest to the Company 
as at 31 December Principal activities
2025 2024      
Indirectly held
Full Colour Developments 
Limited
BVI, limited liability company US$1 100% 100% Investment holding
Dawning Beauty Limited BVI, limited liability company US$1 100% 100% Investment holding
Takbo Limited Hong Kong, limited liability company HK$10,000 100% 100% Design development 
and sale of beauty 
products and 
beauty bags
B&B (H.K.) Limited Hong Kong, limited liability company HK$2 100% 100% Investment holding
Cosbe Laboratory lnc.* 
 (ࠢ 
ʮ̡)
PRC, limited liability company (note) RMB39,000,000 100% 100% Design, 
development, 
manufacture and 
sale of beauty 
products
Takbo USA, Inc. USA, limited liability company US$10 100% 100% Design, development 
and sale of beauty 
bags
Minimax Corporation 
Limited
Hong Kong, limited liability company HK$1 100% 100% Inactive
Minimax Corporation 
Limited
USA, limited liability company US$10 100% 100% Inactive
ᅃᘒ(ᄿψ)ۜ 
ʮ̡#
PRC, limited liability company RMB1,000,000 N/A 100% Inactive
Note: Cosbe Laboratory Inc. is a limited liability company (wholly foreign-owned enterprise) established in Shantou, the PRC for a term of 36 
years up to 27 June 2038.
* The English name is for identification purpose only.
# On 10 February 2025, the subsidiary was de-registered.
40 Investments in Subsidiaries (Continued)

===== PDF_PAGE 160 =====
Five Years Financial Summary
TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  Annual Report 2025
158
RESULTS 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021
HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000      
Revenue 161,678 186,909 215,591 209,300 207,181
Profit before taxation 7,369 8,007 15,541 858 4,301
Income tax (expenses)/credit (797) (1,529) (883) 150 76
Profit for the year attributable to  
the owners of the Company 6,572 6,478 14,658 1,008 4,377
Total comprehensive income for  
the year attributable to the  
owners of the Company 10,835 3,770 12,211 (5,172) 7,427      
Total assets 278,952 276,793 279,774 263,407 269,223
Total liabilities 27,422 36,098 42,849 38,693 39,337
Net assets 251,530 240,695 236,925 224,714 229,886
Equity attributable to owners of  
the Company 251,530 240,695 236,925 224,714 229,886      