           Hebei Yichen Industrial Group Corporation Limited*
                      河北翼辰實業集團股份有限公司
                             (A joint stock limited liability company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China)
                                                            (Stock Code: 1596)

                             FORM OF PROXY FOR THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
                                 TO BE HELD ON THURSDAY, 30 MAY 2024 (Note 1)
I/We (Note 2)                                                    of


being the registered holder(s) of (Note 3)
domestic shares/H shares (Note 4) of RMB0.50 each in the share capital of Hebei Yichen Industrial Group Corporation Limited (the
“Company”) HEREBY APPOINT THE CHAIRMAN OF THE MEETING (Note 5) or


of
as my/our proxy(ies) to attend and act for me/us at the annual general meeting (the “AGM”) of the Company to be held at
10:30 a.m. on Thursday, 30 May 2024 at the meeting room of the Company, No. 1 Yichen North Street, Gaocheng District, Shijiazhuang
City, Hebei Province, the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) (or at any adjournment thereof) for the purposes of considering and,
if thought fit, passing the resolutions as set out in the notice convening the AGM and at the AGM (or at any adjournment thereof) to vote for
me/us and in my/our name(s) in respect of the resolutions as indicated below or, if no such indication is given, as my/our proxy(ies)
think(s) fit.


                                  ORDINARY RESOLUTIONS                                              FOR (Note 6)        AGAINST (Note 6)

     1.    To consider and approve the report of the board of directors (the “Board”) of
           the Company for the year ended 31 December 2023.
     2.    To consider and approve the report of the board of supervisors of the
           Company for the year ended 31 December 2023.
     3.    To consider and approve the audited consolidated financial statements and
           the reports of the auditors of the Company for the year ended 31 December
           2023.

     4.    To consider and approve the annual financial budgets of the Company for the
           year ending 31 December 2024 and the final financial accounts of the
           Company for the year ended 31 December 2023.

     5.    To consider and approve the proposed profit distribution plan and the final
           dividend distribution plan of the Company for the year ended 31 December
           2023 and to authorise the Board to distribute such final dividend to the
           shareholders of the Company.

     6.    To consider and approve the re-appointment of Pan-China Certified Public
           Accountant LLP (天健會計師事務所（特殊普通合夥）) as the auditors of the
           Company to hold office until the conclusion of the next annual general
           meeting of the Company and to authorise the Board to determine their
           remuneration.

     7.    To consider and approve the authorisation to the Board to, where applicable,
           determine and adjust the remuneration of the directors and supervisors of the
           Company for their respective term of office (or any part thereof) in accordance
           with the service agreements entered into between the Company and them or
           the appointment letters issued by the Company to them.

                                    SPECIAL RESOLUTION                                              FOR (Note 6)        AGAINST (Note 6)
     8.    To consider and approve the proposed granting of the general mandate to the
           Board to issue domestic shares and H shares.



Date:                                              2024                   Signature(s) (Note 7)
*     For identification purpose only
Notes:
1.       IMPORTANT: You should first review the annual report of the Company for the year 2023 and the notice of the AGM dated 29 April 2024.
         The annual report for the year 2023 includes the directors’ report for the year 2023, the report of the supervisory committee for the year
         2023 and the audited consolidated financial report of the Company for the year 2023 for review by shareholders.
2.       Please insert the full name(s) (in Chinese or English) and address(es) (as shown in the register of members) in BLOCK CAPITALS.
3.       Please insert the number of shares registered in your name(s) to which this form of proxy relates. If no number is inserted, this form of proxy
         will be deemed to relate to all shares registered in your name(s).
4.       Please strike out the type of shares (domestic shares or H shares) to which this form of proxy does not relate.
5.       If any proxy other than the Chairman of the Meeting is preferred, please strike out the words “THE CHAIRMAN OF THE MEETING” and
         insert the name and address of the proxy desired in the space provided. A shareholder entitled to attend and vote at the AGM may appoint
         one or more proxies to attend and vote on his behalf. A proxy need not be a shareholder of the Company but must attend the AGM in person
         to represent you. As regards any shareholder which is a corporation, its legal representative or any person duly authorised pursuant to a
         resolution of its board of directors or any other decision-making body shall attend the AGM as its representative. ANY ALTERATION
         MADE TO THIS FORM OF PROXY MUST BE INITIALLED BY THE PERSON WHO SIGNS IT.
6.       IMPORTANT: IF YOU WISH TO VOTE FOR A RESOLUTION, PLEASE TICK IN THE BOX MARKED “FOR”. IF YOU WISH TO VOTE
         AGAINST A RESOLUTION, PLEASE TICK IN THE BOX MARKED “AGAINST”. If no direction is given, your proxy may vote at his
         discretion. Your proxy will also be entitled to vote at his discretion on any resolution properly put to the AGM other than those referred to
         in the notice convening the AGM.
7.       This form of proxy must be signed by you or your attorney duly authorised in writing. In case of a corporation, the same must be either
         under its common seal or signed by its director(s) or duly authorised executive(s) or attorney(ies). If this form of proxy is signed by an
         attorney of a shareholder, the power of attorney or other document authorising that attorney to sign must be notarised.
8.       In accordance with the Company’s articles of association, as far as all joint shareholders of any shares are concerned, only the joint
         shareholder whose name appears first in the register of members shall be entitled to receive notices of the Company. In the case of joint
         shareholders, any one shareholder may sign the form(s) of proxy. The vote of the senior joint shareholder who tenders a vote, whether in
         person or by proxy, will be accepted to the exclusion of the votes of the other joint shareholder(s) and for this purpose seniority will be
         determined by the order in which the names stand in the register of members in respect of the joint shareholding.
9.       In order to be valid, this form of proxy together with the notarized power of attorney or other authorisation document (if any) must be
         deposited at the Secretariat of the Board at the Company’s principal place of business in the PRC if you are a holder of domestic shares or at
         the H share registrar of the Company, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, if you are a holder of H shares not less than 24
         hours before the time fixed for the meeting (i.e., not later than 10:30 a.m. on Wednesday, 29 May 2024 (Hong Kong time)).
10.      The address and contact details of the Company’s H share registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, are as follows:
         17M Floor Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong
         Telephone No.: (+852) 2862 8555
         Facsimile No.: (+852) 2865 0990
11.      The address and contact details of the Company’s principal place of business in the PRC are as follows:
         No. 1 Yichen North Street, Gaocheng District, Shijiazhuang City, Hebei Province, PRC
         Telephone No.: (+86) 311 88929020
         E-mail: yichenshiye@hbyc.com.cn
12.      A shareholder or his/her/its proxy should produce proof of identity when attending the AGM.
13.      Completion, signing and return of the form of proxy will not preclude you from attending and voting in person at the AGM should you so
         wish, but in such event the instrument appointing a proxy shall be deemed to be revoked.
14.      References to time and dates in this proxy form are to Hong Kong time and dates.



                                              PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTION STATEMENT

Your supply of your and your proxy’s (or proxies’) name(s) and address(es) is on a voluntary basis for the purpose of processing your request for
the appointment of a proxy (or proxies) and your voting instructions for the AGM of the Company (the “Purposes”). We may transfer your and
your proxy’s (or proxies’) name(s) and address(es) to our agent, contractor, or third party service provider who provides administrative,
computer and other services to us for use in connection with the Purposes and to such parties who are authorised by law to request the
information or are otherwise relevant for the Purposes and need to receive the information. Your and your proxy’s (or proxies’) name(s) and
address(es) will be retained for such period as may be necessary to fulfil the Purposes. Request for access to and/or correction of the relevant
personal data can be made in accordance with the provisions of the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance and any such request should be in writing
by mail to Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at the above address.
