Takbo Group Holdings Limited
德寶集團控股有限公司
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
Stock code : 8436




                                                                      2 0 2 3
                                                                                


                                                                                
CHARACTERISTICS OF GEM OF THE STOCK EXCHANGE OF HONG KONG LIMITED (THE “STOCK EXCHANGE”)


GEM has been positioned as a market designed to accommodate small and mid-sized companies to which
a higher investment risk may be attached than other companies listed on the Stock Exchange. Prospective
investors should be aware of the potential risks of investing in such companies and should make the
decision to invest only after due and careful consideration.


Given that the companies listed on GEM are generally small and mid-sized companies, there is a risk that
securities traded on GEM may be more susceptible to high market volatility than securities traded on
the Main Board of the Stock Exchange and no assurance is given that there will be a liquid market in the
securities traded on GEM.


Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and the Stock Exchange take no responsibility for the contents of this
report, make no representation as to its accuracy or completeness and expressly disclaim any liability whatsoever
for any loss howsoever arising from or in reliance upon the whole or any part of the contents of this report.


This report, for which the directors (the “Directors”) of Takbo Group Holdings Limited (the “Company”) collectively
and individually accept full responsibility, includes particulars given in compliance with the Rules Governing the
Listing of Securities on GEM (the “GEM Listing Rules”) of the Stock Exchange for the purpose of giving information
with regard to the Company and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”). The Directors, having made all reasonable
enquiries, confirm that, to the best of their knowledge and belief the information contained in this report is accurate
and complete in all material respects and not misleading or deceptive, and there are no other matters the omission
of which would make any statement herein or this report misleading.
      Contents
02    Corporate Information
04    CEO’s Statement
05    Management Discussion and Analysis
11    Biographical Details of the Directors of the Company and Senior Management
18    Report of the Directors
32    Corporate Governance Report
51    Environmental, Social and Governance Report
75    Independent Auditor’s Report
81    Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
82    Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
83    Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
85    Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
86    Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
88    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
156   Five Years Financial Summary
     Corporate Information


     Executive Directors                               Authorized Representatives

     Mr. Or Naam (Chief Executive Officer)             Mr. Or Naam
     Ms. Chan Hoi Yan Polly                            Ms. Chan Hoi Yan Polly
     Mr. Or Huen

                                                       Registered Office
     Independent Non-Executive
     Directors                                         Cricket Square
                                                       Hutchins Drive
     Mr. Tan Chong Huat (Chairman)                     P.O. Box 2681
     Mr. Sung Chi Keung                                Grand Cayman KY1-1111
     Mr. Hui Ha Lam                                    Cayman Islands



     Audit Committee                                   Principal Place of Business in
                                                       Hong Kong
     Mr. Sung Chi Keung (Chairman)
     Mr. Tan Chong Huat                                Flat A, 22/F., EGL Tower
     Mr. Hui Ha Lam                                    83 Hung To Road, Kwun Tong
                                                       Kowloon, Hong Kong

     Remuneration Committee
                                                       Independent Auditor
     Mr. Tan Chong Huat (Chairman)
     Mr. Sung Chi Keung                                RSM Hong Kong
     Mr. Or Naam                                       Certified Public Accountants
                                                       Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
                                                       29th Floor, Lee Garden Two
     Nomination Committee                              28 Yun Ping Road
                                                       Causeway Bay
     Mr. Hui Ha Lam (Chairman)
                                                       Hong Kong
     Mr. Sung Chi Keung
     Mr. Or Huen



     Company Secretary

     Ms. Wong Yuen Ki




02   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Corporate Information (Continued)



Principal Bankers

Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited
Bank of China Tower
1 Garden Road, Hong Kong


Nanyang Commercial Bank Limited
151 Des Voeux Road Central
Central
Hong Kong



Principal Share Registrar and
Transfer Office in the Cayman
Islands

Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited
Cricket Square
Hutchins Drive
P.O. Box 2681
Grand Cayman KY1-1111
Cayman Islands



Hong Kong Branch Share
Registrar and Transfer Office

Tricor Investor Services Limited
17/F, Far East Finance Centre
16 Harcourt Road
Hong Kong



Stock Code

8436



Company Website

www.takbogroup.com




                                         TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023   03
     CEO’s Statement


     Dear Shareholders,


     On behalf of the Board of Directors of Takbo Group Holdings Limited, I am pleased to present the updated audited
     consolidated financial results of the Company and its subsidiaries for the year ended 31 December 2023.


     The past two years have brought forth a series of challenges for the global economy, including a highly volatile
     and uncertain business environment, as well as an environment of high interest rates. These factors have posed
     significant difficulties for businesses across various industries, and we acknowledge the impact they have had.
     However, at Takbo, we remain steadfast in our commitment to navigating these challenges and capitalizing on
     opportunities that arise. By embracing a proactive and innovative approach, we aim to overcome the obstacles and
     drive continued growth for our company.


     Our primary focus remains in the personal care and beauty industry, where we remain closely attuned to the
     evolving preferences of Generation Z and millennials. By staying ahead of trends and understanding their desires,
     we strive to deliver products that resonate with our target market and capture significant market share.


     During the year, we have taken steps to explore new avenues for growth and diversification. In particular, we have
     identified the European market as a key area for increased focus, recognizing the potential it holds for expansion
     and profitability. Additionally, we are actively pursuing opportunities in intellectual property (IP) licensing, as we
     recognize the value and potential revenue streams associated with this area. Furthermore, we are intensifying our
     efforts to tap into the domestic market in the People’s Republic of China, leveraging its vast consumer base and
     growing demand.


     We have also prioritized implementing robust cost control measures and adopting comprehensive risk management
     strategies. These measures are designed to enhance our operational efficiency, strengthen our business
     foundations, and mitigate potential risks.


     In an environment of challenges and uncertainties, we have witnessed how collaboration and alignment can drive
     success. We have forged strategic partnerships and collaborations with organizations from diverse industries, which
     have opened up new avenues and potential synergies for future growth.


     As we navigate the changing landscape and global economic conditions, we appreciate the unwavering support,
     trust, and confidence of our shareholders. We extend our sincerest gratitude to our management team members
     and staff for their dedication, resilience, and significant contributions throughout the year.


     Thank you for your continued support.




     Or Naam
     Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director
     Hong Kong, 27 March 2024



04   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Management Discussion and Analysis


Market Overview

The global market faced continuous challenges throughout the year. At a macro level, political tension and high
level interest rates were contributing factors affecting all businesses on the supply chain. At a micro level, retail
companies experiencing cash flow problems, unemployment, all added to the pile.


Nevertheless, the beauty and cosmetics industry has proven to be resilient, as evidenced by data from the past.
This remains the case as consumers continue to be concerned over health and hygiene, personal appeal, and
awareness among people about the benefits of cosmetics for their skin and hair.



Business Overview

The Group is principally engaged in (i) the design, development, manufacture and sale of beauty products; and (ii)
the design, development and sale of beauty bags. The core business and revenue structure of the Group remained
unchanged for the year ended 31 December 2023. During the year, the Group maintained its sales activities under
the challenging business environment. The management and sales teams continued effortlessly communication with
overseas customers for their needs and product demand. At the same time, the management conducted review on
operational and costs efficiency.



Financial Highlight

                                                                        For the year ended
                                                                           31 December
                                                                            2023              2022          Change
                                                                        HK$’000           HK$’000                 %


Revenue                                                                  215,591           209,300               3.0
Gross profit                                                              75,405            70,567               6.9
Gross profit margin                                                        35.0%            33.7%                3.9
Net profit                                                                14,658             1,008           1,354.2
Earnings per share (in HK cents)                                              3.7               0.3          1,133.3



Prospects

Looking forward, the Directors consider the global environment remains uncertain and challenging. The Group will
continue to focus its efforts in creating innovative products and expanding reach to new geographical locations,
European market as a key area for increased focus. The Group also acknowledges the importance of sustainability
for consumers, recognizes the potential revenue streams associated with opportunities in intellectual property
licensing, and the market for generation Z and millennials via e-commerce channels.




                                                                  TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023       05
     Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)



     Financial Review

     The following table sets out a breakdown of revenue of the Group and the percentage contribution to total revenue
     by product category for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022:


                                                                        For the year ended 31 December
                                                                    2023                               2022
                                                            HK$’000                  %          HK$’000                %


     Beauty products                                         183,949              85.3          179,255              85.6
     Beauty bags                                              31,642              14.7            30,045             14.4
     Total                                                   215,591             100.0          209,300             100.0


     Revenue of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 amounted to approximately HK$215.6 million,
     representing an increase of approximately 3.0% over the previous year.


     The gross profit of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 amounted to approximately HK$75.4 million,
     representing an increase of approximately 6.9% over the previous year. The gross profit margin of the Group
     increase slightly from approximately 33.7% to approximately 35.0%.


     Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2023 amounted to
     approximately HK$14.7 million, representing an increase of approximately 1,354.2% over the previous year. Such
     change was mainly due to (i) shift of product mix to higher margin products; (ii) decrease in selling expenses; (iii)
     increase in interest income; and (iv) decrease in exchange loss.



     Liquidity and Financial Resources

     The Group practiced prudent financial management and maintained a healthy financial position during the year
     ended 31 December 2023. The Group finances its daily operations through a combination of net funds generated
     and received from operations and net proceeds from the share offer. As of 31 December 2023, the Group had cash
     and cash equivalents of approximately HK$187.0 million (2022: approximately HK$180.5 million). The increase in
     cash and cash equivalents was mainly attributable to net cash inflow from our operating activities.


     The current ratio, calculated as the total current assets divided by total current liabilities, was approximately 6.5
     times as at 31 December 2023 (2022: approximately 6.9 times). As at 31 December 2023, the Group did not have
     any outstanding borrowing and other indebtedness and no gearing ratio is presented.




06   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)



Administrative Expenses

The administrative expenses of the Group increased by approximately HK$8.5 million or approximately 21.2% from
approximately HK$40.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 to approximately HK$48.8 million for the year
ended 31 December 2023. Such increase was mainly due to increase in bonus paid to staff who maintained revenue
targets under the challenging environment in 2023.



Selling and Distribution Expenses

The selling and distribution expenses of the Group decreased by approximately HK$2.9 million or approximately
14.6% from approximately HK$19.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 to approximately HK$17.0 million
for the year ended 31 December 2023. The decrease was mainly due to reduction in shipping and freight cost.



Foreign Exchange Exposure

The Group mainly operates in Hong Kong and the PRC and is exposed to foreign exchange risk, primarily with
respect to US$ and RMB denominated transactions arising from the sales of beauty products and bags to customers
in the US and purchases from suppliers in the PRC. The Directors are of the opinion that the foreign exchange risk
arising from US$ against RMB of the Group is insignificant and manageable.


The Group uses derivative financial instruments (primarily foreign currency forward contracts) to hedge its risks
associated with foreign currency fluctuations relating to certain firm commitments and forecasted transactions.
The use of financial derivatives is governed by the Group’s policies approved by the Board, which provide written
principles on the use of financial derivatives consistent with the Group’s risk management strategy. No derivative
financial instruments were held by the Group as at 31 December 2023 (31 December 2022: HK$2.8 million) for
speculative and investment purposes.



Contingent Liabilities and Capital Commitments

As at 31 December 2023, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities (31 December 2022: Nil). The
Group had capital commitment of approximately HK$0.9 million in relation to expenditure on our factory expansion
(31 December 2022: approximately HK$0.4 million) and there was no operating leases as at 31 December 2023 (31
December 2022: Nil).




                                                                 TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023     07
     Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)



     Pledge of Assets

     The Group did not have pledged assets as at 31 December 2023 (31 December 2022: Nil).



     Capital Structure

     During the year ended 31 December 2023, there has been no change to the shares in issue and capital structure
     of the Company. The capital of the Company comprises ordinary shares and capital reserves. The Group finances
     its operations, working capital, capital expenditures and other liquidity requirements through a combination of funds
     generated from operations and net proceeds from the share offer.



     Future Plans for Material Investment and Capital Assets

     The Group did not have any other plans for material investment and capital assets as at 31 December 2023 save for
     the factory expansion plan, details of which are set out in the prospectus of the Company dated 13 October 2017 (the
     “Prospectus”).



     Significant Investments Held

     As at 31 December 2023, the Group did not have any significant investment in equity interest in any other company
     and did not own any properties (31 December 2022: Nil).



     Securities Investments

     In addition, the Group did not have any securities investment in any investee company with a value of 5% or more
     of the total assets of the Group as at 31 December 2023 (2022: Nil), which is required to be disclosed under Rule
     18.41(4A) of the GEM Listing Rules.



     Material Acquisitions and Disposals of Subsidiaries, Associates and
     Joint Ventures

     The Group did not have any material acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures during
     the year ended 31 December 2023 (2022: Nil).




08   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)



Guarantee Performance in relation to the Acquisitions

The Group did not enter into any acquisition, which is required to be disclosed under the GEM Listing Rules, that the
party in contract required to commit or guarantee on the financial performance in any kinds for the year ended 31
December 2023.



Employees and Remuneration Policies

As at 31 December 2023, the Group had 163 full-time employees in Hong Kong and the PRC (31 December 2022:
160 employees), including the Directors. Total staff costs (including Directors’ emoluments) were approximately
HK$37.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 as compared to approximately HK$28.6 million for the year
ended 31 December 2022. Such increase was mainly due to increase in bonus paid to staff who maintained the
revenue targets under the challenging environment in 2023.


Remuneration is determined with reference to duties, responsibilities, experience and skills. On top of basic salaries,
the Group provides discretionary bonuses to our senior management and key employees as incentive bonuses.



Use of Listing Proceeds

The shares of the Company were listed on GEM of the Stock Exchange on 27 October 2017 (the “Listing Date”) for
which the Company issued 100,000,000 new shares at HK$0.69 per share. The net listing proceeds received by
the Company, after deducting underwriting fees and other related expenses, were approximately HK$42.1 million.
These proceeds are intended to be applied in the manner as described in the section headed “Future Plans and Use
of Proceeds” in the Prospectus.


The future plan and scheduled use of proceeds as disclosed in the Prospectus were based on the best estimation
of future market conditions made by the Group at the time of preparing the Prospectus, while the proceeds were
applied with consideration of the actual development of business and market. As of 31 December 2023, the Group
did not anticipate any change to the plan as to the use of listing proceeds. The majority of the unused net proceeds
have been placed as interest bearing short-term demand deposits with a licensed bank in Hong Kong.




                                                                    TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023       09
     Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)



     As at 31 December 2023, the net listing proceeds has been applied and utilized as follows:

                                                                                      Planned
                                                                                    use of net                      Total remaining
                                                            Total remaining      proceeds for        Utilized for     net proceeds
                                                Total net     net proceeds     the year ended    the year ended      available as at
                                           proceeds from     available as at     31 December       31 December        31 December
     Use of net proceeds                      share offer   1 January 2023               2023               2023               2023
                                               (HK$’000)           (HK$’000)        (HK$’000)         (HK$’000)            (HK$’000)


     Upgrade production hardware,
       and facilities and infrastructure          23,670                  –                 –                  –                  –
     Expand the Hong Kong
       headquarters                               11,245                519               519                519                  –
     Participate in local and global
       exhibitions                                 3,538                  –                 –                  –                  –
     General working capital                       3,665                  –                 –                  –                  –


     Total                                        42,118                519               519                519                  –


     As at 31 December 2023, the Group has fully utillized the net listing proceeds (31 December 2022: unutilized
     HK$0.5 million).


     Significant Event after the Reporting Period
     Save as disclosed above, as at the date of this report, there was no significant event relevant to the business or
     financial performance of the Group that come to the attention of the Directors after the year ended 31 December
     2023.




10   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Biographical Details of the Directors of
the Company and Senior Management


Executive Directors

Mr. Or Naam, aged 55, is one of the founders of our Group and has been with our Group since 1995. He was
appointed as a Director on 8 February 2017 and re-designated as an executive Director and chief executive officer
of our Company on 27 February 2017. Mr. Or is also a member of remuneration committee of the Company.


Mr. Or Naam is currently a director of Takbo Limited (“Takbo”), a director of B&B (H.K.) Limited (“B&B”), Alpha
Business Global Limited (“Alpha Business”), Full Colour Developments Limited (“Full Colour”), Dawning Beauty
Limited (“Dawning”) and Ulrich Developments Limited (“Ulrich”), where he oversees all aspects of the operations
of our Group including sales and marketing, product development, merchandising, production, design, research,
strategic planning, formulation of corporate policies and new business initiatives. His key focus is to further establish
and manage our Group’s overseas customers.


Mr. Or Naam is an entrepreneur. Over the past 29 years, he has gained start-up and operational experience in
manufacturing and sales of packaging products (including beauty bags) and beauty products. In 1995, he joined
our Group to design, develop and sell packaging products. Capitalising on our Group’s experience in selling
packaging products including seasonal and promotional beauty products gift packages, Mr. Or Naam further
expanded our Group’s business by providing “one-stop-service” to its customers, and our Group commenced the
manufacturing of beauty products, from design, research, development and sourcing, to complement the packaging
products for export to the U.S. and other markets.


Mr. Or Naam completed the AFS Year Programme, an intercultural, international, voluntary and non-governmental
exchange programme which aims to provide local youth with complete and in-depth international cultural exchange
opportunities, and to promote exchanges and learning regarding language, academic study, daily life and culture,
to enhance their quality as global citizens (“AFS Programme”), at Daws Road High School (now known as Pasadena
High School) in Australia for the 1988 to 1989 academic year. Mr. Or Naam was also the board member of AFS
Intercultural Exchanges Ltd. from September 2003 to December 2015.


Mr. Or Naam is the spouse of Ms. Chan Hoi Yan Polly (an executive director), son of Ms. Chu Siu Fong (controlling
shareholder), brother of Mr. Or Huen (an executive director) and brother-in-law of Ms. Chan Hoi Man (“Ms. HM
Chan”), a merchandising manager of the Group.




                                                                     TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023        11
     Biographical Details of the Directors of
     the Company and Senior Management (Continued)



     Ms. Chan Hoi Yan, Polly, aged 52, has been with our Group since 1995. She was appointed as an executive
     Director on 27 February 2017. Ms. Chan is currently the general manager of Takbo and a director of B&B, Alpha
     Business, Full Colour, Dawning and Takbo USA, Inc., where she oversees all day-to-day aspects of our operations
     in Hong Kong including sales and marketing, business development, merchandising, design and finance. Ms. Chan
     was appointed as a director of Minimax Corporation Limited, a company incorporated in Hong Kong (“Minimax
     HK”), with effect from 9 February 2022. Ms. Chan was also appointed as a director of Minimax Corporation Limited,
     a company incorporated in the United States (“Minimax US”), with effect from 8 March 2022.


     Ms. Chan is an entrepreneur. Over the past 29 years, she has gained experience in manufacturing and sales of
     packaging products (including beauty bags) and beauty products. She joined our Group in 1995 and rose through
     the ranks over the next 11 years to become general manager of Takbo in 2006.


     Ms. Chan completed the AFS Programme at the King Edward VI School, Suffolk, in the United Kingdom, for the 1989
     to 1990 academic year and obtained a Diploma in Design from the Hong Kong Polytechnic University in October
     1992. Ms. Chan is the spouse of Mr. Or Naam (an executive director), sister-in-law of Mr. Or Huen (an executive
     director), daughter-in-law of Ms. Chu Siu Fong (controlling shareholder) and sister of Ms. HM Chan (a merchandising
     manager).


     Mr. Or Huen, aged 47, has been with our Group since 2002. He was appointed as an executive Director on 27
     February 2017. Mr. Or is also a member of nomination committee of the Company.


     Mr. Or Huen is currently the general manager and Chairman of Cosbe and a director of Ulrich, where he oversees all
     day-to-day aspects of our operations in the PRC including sales and marketing, product research and development,
     merchandising and production, quality control, strategic planning and new business initiatives. Mr. Or Huen was
     appointed as a director of Minimax HK with effect from 9 February 2022 and a director of Minimax US with effect
     from 8 March 2022.


     Mr. Or Huen is an entrepreneur. He has over 20 years of experience in manufacturing and sales of beauty products.
     Mr. Or Huen was a founding member of Cosbe and has been the general manager since its founding in 2002. At
     Cosbe, Mr. Or Huen planned and built Cosbe’s production facility. He established the key business divisions, the
     four pillars of Cosbe, namely the marketing centre, the development centre, the production centre and the quality
     control centre.


     Mr. Or Huen completed the AFS Programme at Bear River High School in the U.S. for the 1993 to 1994 academic
     year. Mr. Or Huen obtained a Bachelor of Science Degree in Molecular Biotechnology (Major) and Fine Art (Minor)
     from the Chinese University of Hong Kong in November 2001. Mr. Or Huen is the brother of Mr. Or Naam (an
     executive director), son of Ms. Chu Siu Fong (controlling shareholder) and brother-in-law of Ms. Chan (an executive
     director).




12   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Biographical Details of the Directors of
the Company and Senior Management (Continued)



Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. Tan Chong Huat, aged 60, was appointed as our independent non-executive Director on 29 September 2017.
He is also the senior partner and one of the founding members of RHTLaw Asia LLP, a leading full services legal
practice with an Asia Pacific presence. Mr. Tan is the non-executive chairman of RHT group of companies which
is involved in the sectors such as Fintech & Financial Services, Training, Learning & Development, Consulting &
Advisory, Metaverse & Web 3.0 Digital Solutions and Wealth & Asset Management. Mr. Tan is also the chairman
of China ASEAN Business Alliance, a regionally focused think tank and business network. Mr. Tan has also been
appointed as the chairman of the National Council Against Drug Abuse (NCADA) with effect from 1 January 2024,
an advisory body to the Minister and Ministry of Home Affairs for matters relating to drug abuse.


Mr. Tan has been appointed as an independent non-executive director of Lingbao Gold Group Company Ltd.
(a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 3330)) since 28 May 2021 and an
independent non-executive director of Raffles Interior Limited (a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock
Exchange (stock code: 1376)) since 7 October 2022.


His experience and track record, set out below, as a leading finance and corporate lawyer, successful entrepreneur
and investor, reputable corporate leader and public service champion, and dedicated law professor coupled with
his strong practical and academic grounding throughout his career has made Mr. Tan the trusted go-to expert for
regulatory issues, complex financing (corporate finance and project finance transactions), deals structuring, funding
and matching, corporate governance and board matters, and reputational management matters for corporate
leaders and major corporates in the region and internationally.


Mr. Tan was the deputy chairman of the Singapore Exchange (the “SGX”) disciplinary committee and was a
member of the appeals committee of SGX. He was a member of the first corporate governance council set up by the
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Mr. Tan was involved in the regulatory applications, formation and operational set
up of numerous leading financial institutions including the Investment Company of the People’s Republic of China, a
subsidiary of the People’s Bank of China.


Mr. Tan has extensive experience in corporate, banking and project finance law in Singapore and the region and
acted in numerous significant corporate transactions in the areas of initial public offerings, reverse takeovers,
management buyouts, restructuring, mergers and acquisitions, and financing of major real estate and infrastructure
in Asia. He has been named frequently a leading practitioner in many reputable professional publications, including
IFLR1000 and Legal 500 Asia Pacific.




                                                                   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023      13
     Biographical Details of the Directors of
     the Company and Senior Management (Continued)



     Mr. Tan has been helping business owners and family businesses throughout his successful career. He has
     advised Asian and European high net worth clients in their mergers and acquisitions, listing, divestment, business
     succession planning, probate, wealth and asset preservation and protection, and family governance. As a trusted
     go-to adviser, Mr. Tan has been appointed as administrator and trustee for the estate of his high net worth clients, as
     well as counsel in estate disputes involving families of leading Asian conglomerates.


     Mr. Tan is a Fellow with the Singapore Institute of Directors and Hong Kong Institute of Directors. He has been
     appointed on the boards as non-executive chairman and independent director of listed companies in Singapore
     and Hong Kong. He also co-founded RHT group of companies which is a leading professional services group in
     Asia. The Financial Planning Association of Singapore has also conferred on Mr. Tan an honorary membership.
     Over the years, he has successfully invested in startups, small and medium-sized enterprises and listed companies.
     Notably, he is knowledgeable and passionate in blockchain, distributed ledger and related technologies, and
     cryptocurrencies having invested into 2 exchanges which apply the distributed ledger technology. Mr. Tan was
     recently appointed as a mentor for the 10th Lee Kuan Yew Global Business Plan Competition.


     Mr. Tan is also active in public service and charity work. He was the chairman of RHT Rajan Menon Foundation
     which serves causes such as Arts, Disadvantaged Groups, Education and Sustainability. He is the president
     of the Singapore Golf Association. He is also a member of the International Affairs Committee of Singapore
     Chinese Chamber of Commerce & Industry. He also sits as a Lay Person on the Institute of Singapore Chartered
     Accountants’ Investigation and Disciplinary Panel. Mr. Tan is a member of the Selection Panel of Singapore Institute
     of Management University Law School. He has also established a National University of Singapore Grant in favour
     of the Law Faculty under the name of his deceased father. An award named RHT Tan Chong Huat Corporate Crime
     Award has also been established by the School of Law, Singapore Management University.


     Mr. Tan taught at the Law Faculty, National University of Singapore (AY 2007–2013), Business School, National
     University of Singapore (AY 2008/2009), Nanyang Business School, Nanyang Technological University (AY 2008–
     2012) and various other universities in Asia. Besides authoring two leading literature on PRC Investment laws, he
     has co-authored leading titles on Corporate Governance, and Corporate Finance Law.


     Mr. Tan obtained a Bachelor Degree in Law at the National University of Singapore in June 1989 and a LLM from the
     University of London (as External Student) in December 2007. He is an advocate & solicitor of the Supreme Court of
     Singapore, and a Solicitor of each of the Supreme Court of New South Wales, Australia, Supreme Court of England
     & Wales and the High Court of Hong Kong.




14   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Biographical Details of the Directors of
the Company and Senior Management (Continued)



Mr. Sung Chi Keung, aged 48, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 29 September 2017.
He is the chairman of the audit committee and a member for each of the remuneration committee and nomination
committee of the Company.


Mr. Sung has over 24 years of experience in financial management, accounting, taxation, auditing and corporate
finance and previously worked for KPMG, PricewaterhouseCoopers Ltd. and Deloitte & Touche Corporate Finance
Ltd. From February 2024, Mr. Sung has been the chief financial officer of United Chinese Plastics Products Co.,
Ltd. Between June 2022 and February 2024, Mr. Sung was the Principal with CFO Centre Greater China. From
December 2019 to April 2022, he was the group chief financial officer of Vershold Global Limited. On 20 December
2021, Mr. Sung was appointed as an independent non-executive director of B.Duck Semk Holdings International
Limited (“Semk Holdings”) (a company listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 17 January
2022, stock code: 2250).


From April 2015 to October 2019, he was the chief financial officer of China Chuanglian Education Financial Group
Limited (“China Chuanglian”) (formerly known as China Chuanglian Education Group Limited, China Oriental Culture
Group Limited and ZZNode Technologies Company Limited), a company listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange (stock code: 2371).


From September 2018 to October 2019, Mr. Sung was appointed as a director of Premier Management Limited,
which is a corporation licensed under the Securities and Futures Ordinance and an indirectly wholly owned
subsidiary of China Chuanglian.


Previously, between 15 January 2007 and 30 June 2013, Mr. Sung was an executive director of Asian Citrus
Holdings Limited, a company listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code: 73) (and
formerly listed on the AIM of the London Stock Exchange (stock code: ACHL)). He was also the finance director and
the company secretary between August 2004 and June 2013. Between August 2013 and March 2015, Mr. Sung
was the chief financial officer and company secretary of China Green (Holdings) Limited (formerly known as China
Culiangwang Beverages Holdings Limited), a company formerly listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange (stock code: 904).


Mr. Sung obtained a Bachelor Degree in Business Administration, majoring in Professional Accountancy from the
Chinese University of Hong Kong in December 1997 and a Master Degree in Corporate Finance from the Hong
Kong Polytechnic University in December 2006. He is a fellow member of the HKICPA and a fellow member of the
Association of Chartered Certified Accountants.




                                                                TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023     15
     Biographical Details of the Directors of
     the Company and Senior Management (Continued)



     Mr. Hui Ha Lam, aged 50, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 1 July 2020. He is the
     chairman of the nomination committee and the member of the audit committee of the Company.


     Mr. Hui is the founder, executive director, chairman of the board and chief executive officer of B.Duck Semk
     Holdings International Limited (a company listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, stock
     code 2250). He is primarily responsible for the overall strategic planning, and business development. He has
     over 20 years of experience in design, marketing, licensing and branding industries. Prior to founding of Semk
     group of companies in late 2001, Mr. Hui worked as designer for Tint Concepts Limited and was responsible for
     both commercial and residential design projects from March 1998 to June 1999. From October 2000 to October
     2001, Mr. Hui worked as a product designer for Kafutoy Industrial Co., Ltd and was responsible for the design and
     manufacturing of gifts and premium products to overseas markets. Mr. Hui was a committee member of the Toy
     Advisory Committee of Hong Kong Trade Development Council from 2012 to 2016. Mr. Hui was appointed as the
     vice chairman of Asia Branding and Franchising Association in 2014. Between 2014 to 2018, and from 2022, Mr.
     Hui was also a committee member of the Design, Marketing & Licensing Services Advisory Committee of the Hong
     Kong Trade Development Council. Mr. Hui was appointed as a director to the 51st to 53rd Term Board of Directors
     of Yan Chai Hospital from 2018 to 2020 and a honorary director to the 54th Term Board of Directors of Yan Chai
     Hospital in 2021 and he also serves as a member of The 37th to 39th Term Executive Committee of The Association
     of The Directors and Former Directors of Yan Chai Hospital. Mr. Hui was a member of the executive committee of
     Group 19 (Hong Kong Toys Council) and Group 30 (Innovation and Creative Industries Council) of the Federation
     of Hong Kong Industries. He was a committee member of the Hong Kong Young Industrialist Council (Design and
     Technology Committee) and the Hong Kong Designers Association from 2018 up to now. Since 2019, Mr. Hui has
     been appointed as a director of Hong Kong Design Centre. From 2020 to 2022, Mr. Hui has been a committee
     member of Advisory Committee of Licensing International Greater China. Since 2022, Mr. Hui has been the Vice-
     Chairman of the executive committee of the Hong Kong Young Industrialists (Public Relations Committee), a
     committee member of the Service Promotion Programme Committee of the Hong Kong Trade Development Council,
     an executive committee member of Merchants Support for Rehabilitated Offenders Committee. Since 2023, Mr. Hui
     has been appointed as a committee member of the Steering Committee of the Hong Kong Design Centre.


     Mr. Hui obtained a bachelor of arts degree majoring in Fine Arts from the Chinese University of Hong Kong
     in December 1997 and a master of arts in three dimensional design from the Kent Institute of Art & Design in
     September 2000.




16   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Biographical Details of the Directors of
the Company and Senior Management (Continued)



Senior Management

Ms. Lui Shuet Ching, aged 54, is the accounting and finance manager of our Group. Ms. Lui joined our Group in
September 1995 as a clerk of the account department and was promoted to her current position in April 2001. She
is primarily responsible for supervising accounting operations, preparing accounting report, reviewing management
report and monitoring cash flow status. Ms. Lui possesses over 25 years of experience in accounting and finance.


Ms. Lui passed the examinations held by the London Chamber of Commerce and Industry Examination Board in
book-keeping and accounts (second level), cost accounting (second level) and accounting (third level) in 1989,
1993 and 1994, respectively. She also obtained a diploma in accounting and management in February 2006 from
the Caritas Bianchi College of Careers (Evening) in Hong Kong and a diploma in business strategy and tactics in
July 2008 from the Vocational Training Council in Hong Kong.


Ms. Chan Hoi Man (“Ms. HM Chan”), aged 45, is the merchandising manager of our Group. Ms. HM Chan joined
our Group in May 1997 as a merchandiser and was promoted to her current position in February 2016. She is
primarily responsible for leading and managing the operations of the merchandising team in the PRC, approving
purchase orders of raw material for production, liaising with customers and providing price quotation. Ms. HM Chan
has approximately 25 years of experience in the manufacturing industry. Ms. HM Chan is the sister of Ms. Chan.


Ms. Chu Choi Yin (“Ms. CY Chu”), aged 42, is the sales manager of our Group. Ms. CY Chu joined our Group in
October 2005 as a sales executive and was promoted to her current position in April 2013. She is responsible for
product development and customer service, as well as leading the sales team in the PRC to monitor the progress of
projects. Ms. CY Chu has over 15 years of experience in the sales and marketing industry. Prior to joining our Group,
Ms. CY Chu was a merchandiser at Ellon Gift Products Ltd. from August 2001 to June 2003.



Company Secretary

Ms. Wong Yuen Ki (“Ms. Wong”), aged 34, was appointed as the company secretary on 30 June 2022. Ms. Wong
is a manager of Corporate Services Division of Tricor Services Limited, a global professional services provider
specializing in integrated business, corporate and investor services. Ms. Wong has over 10 years of experience in
the field of company secretary and is responsible for providing corporate secretarial and compliance services to
Hong Kong listed companies as well as multi-national, private and offshore companies.


Ms. Wong is a Chartered Secretary, a Chartered Governance Professional and an associate of both The Hong Kong
Chartered Governance Institute and The Chartered Governance Institute in the United Kingdom. Ms. Wong holds
a degree of Bachelor of Business Administration in Corporate Administration and degree of Master of Corporate
Governance from Hong Kong Metropolitan University.




                                                                  TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023       17
     Report of the Directors


     The Directors have pleasure in presenting their annual report together with the audited consolidated financial
     statements of the Group (the “Consolidated Financial Statements”) for the year ended 31 December 2023 (the
     “Year”).


     Principal Activities and Business Review

     The principal activity of the Group is (i) the design, development, manufacture and sale of beauty products; and (ii)
     the design, development and sale of beauty bags. Details of the principal activities of the principal subsidiaries of
     the Company are set out in note 21 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.


     The business review of the Group for the Year together the future business development as required pursuant to
     Schedule 5 to the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong) are set out in the section headed
     “Management Discussion and Analysis” on pages 5 to 10 of this annual report. This discussion form part of the
     report of directors.


     Environmental Policies and Performance

     Discussion on the environmental policies and performance is contained in the “Environmental, Social and
     Governance Report” on pages 51 to 74 of this annual report. This discussion form part of the report of directors.


     Compliance with Laws and Regulations

     Sufficient resources and training have been allocated and provided to ensure the on-going compliance with
     applicable laws and regulations. During the Year, the Board is not aware of any incidence of non-compliance
     with the relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the Group’s business where the Group is
     operating.


     Relationship with Key Parties

     The success of the Group also depends on the support from key parties which comprise customers, suppliers,
     employees and shareholders.


     Customers
     The Group’s principal customers mainly include retailers, beauty product brand owners and trading companies. Our
     sales and marketing efforts have focused on the provision of competitive prices, reliable and timely delivery, and
     quality products and services to them. We have established a long term relationship with our major customers and
     therefore focus on manufacturing and/or selling quality assured products to maintain our reputation in the industry.


     We have a close working relationship with our customers throughout the sales process from the product design and
     development stage to production phase and product delivery. We communicate with our key customers to better
     understand their needs and produce products to match the desired image of their brands.




18   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Report of the Directors (Continued)



Suppliers
Good relationship with suppliers constitutes one of the essential elements of the Group’s success. In order to
ensure the quality of supplies which would enhance consistency in our product qualities, we have a strict system
for selecting our suppliers. We have adopted and implemented written guidelines and policies governing our
procedures in selecting new suppliers and monitoring the on-going performance of the existing suppliers. We would
also demand our chosen suppliers to comply with relevant local and industrial quality control standards and perform
quality tests on the supplied materials.


Employees
The Group focuses on the talents of our employees as our most valuable asset. We strive to create a good
workplace that our employees are happy and motivated to work in. Our employees are treated fairly with respect
and we reward performing staff by providing competitive remuneration packages and implementing an effective
performance appraisal system with appropriate incentives, namely equal promotion opportunity.


Shareholders
The principal goal of the Group is to maximize the return to the shareholders of the Company. The Group will focus
on our core business for achieving sustainable profit growth and rewarding the shareholders with dividend payouts
taking into account the business development needs and financial health of the Group.


Principal Risks and Uncertainties

The business operations and results of the Group may be affected by various factors, some of which are external
causes and some are inherent to the business. Other than the trade tension between the US and the PRC, the Board
is aware that the Group is exposed to various risks and the principal risks and uncertainties are summarized below:


Tariff
The relationship between US and the PRC are still of high uncertainty. The timing of releasing the extra tariffs that
introduced by US under the trade war in 2019 would remain uncertain. Since our key customers are from US, our
sales demand as well as our overall business performance may be materially and adversely affected.




                                                                  TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023       19
     Report of the Directors (Continued)



     Others
     The sales and profitability of our products are dependent on our customers’ business performance. We sell our
     products mainly to retailers, beauty products brand owners and trading companies. The business performance of
     our customers could underperform due to a number of factors, such as changes in business strategies, failure to
     develop successful marketing strategies, changes in the market demand for our customers’ products and adverse
     market or economic conditions in the markets in which our customers operate, in particular, the U.S. If the business
     performance of our customers deteriorates, they could reduce the amount of their purchases for our products, or
     terminate their business relationship from us, which could have a material and adverse impact on our business,
     financial condition, results of operations and prospect.


     Any shortage in labour, increase in labour costs, strikes, labour unrests or other adverse factors affecting our labour
     force and supply chain may have a material adverse effect on our business operations.


     As we expand our production capabilities and capacities, we will require more production personnel. There is no
     assurance that we will not experience any shortage of labour for our production. Given the economic growth in the
     PRC, competition for labour is substantial and labour costs have been increasing generally, and we cannot assure
     that we can retain and attract sufficient qualified employees and/or on commercially reasonable terms in the future.
     If we fail to retain and attract sufficient labour, we may not be able to effectively implement our expansion plans, our
     business, financial conditions and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected.


     The economic, political and social conditions in the PRC, as well as government policies, laws and regulations,
     could affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.


     The Group maintains substantial amount of business assets and operations in the PRC. Accordingly, our results of
     operations are subject to economic, political and legal developments in the PRC. Any changes in its regulations will
     definitely affect our business in this regional segment.



     Results and Appropriations

     The results of the Group for the Year are set out in the Consolidated Financial Statements on pages 81 to 155.


     The Directors did not recommend the payment of a final dividend to shareholders of the Company for the Year (31
     December 2022: Nil).



     Five Years Financial Summary

     A summary of the published results, assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is set out on
     page 156. This summary does not form part of the Consolidated Financial Statements.




20   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Report of the Directors (Continued)



Share Capital

As at 31 December 2023, 400,000,000 shares of the Company were in issue. Details of the movement in share
capital during the Year are set out in note 34 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.



Equity-linked Agreements

Other than the share option scheme of the Company, no equity-linked agreements that will or may result in the
Company issuing shares or that require the Company to enter into any agreements that will or may result in the
Company issuing shares were entered into by the Company during the Year or subsisted at the end of the Year.



Pre-emptive Rights

There is no provision for the pre-emptive rights under the Company’s Articles of Association, or the laws of the
Cayman Islands, which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to existing shareholders.



Purchase, Sale or Redemption of the Company’s Listed Securities

The Company has not redeemed any of its shares during the Year. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries
has purchased or sold any of the Company’s shares during the Year.



Distributable Reserves

As at 31 December 2023, the Company have a reserve of HK$141.0 million available for distribution (31 December
2022: HK$141.0 million). Details of the movement in reserve of the Company during the Year are set out in note 40
to the Consolidated Financial Statements.



Charitable Donations

During the Year, there was charitable and other donations of approximately HK$16,000 made by the Group (31
December 2022: HK$5,000).




                                                                   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023   21
     Report of the Directors (Continued)



     Major Customers and Suppliers

     The percentages of purchases and sales for the Year attributable to the Group’s major suppliers and customers are as
     follows:


     Purchases
       – the largest supplier                                                                                     15.8%
       – five largest suppliers in aggregate                                                                      31.2%


     Sales
       – the largest customer                                                                                     40.4%
       – five largest customers in aggregate                                                                      87.6%

     To the best knowledge of the Directors, none of the Directors or their respective close associates or any of our
     existing shareholders, whom to the best knowledge of the Directors owns more than 5% of the Company’s issued
     share capital, has any interest in any of the Group’s five largest customers or suppliers during the Year.



     Directors and Directors’ Service Contracts

     The Directors of the Company who held office during the Year and up to the date of this report were:


     Executive Directors:
     Mr. Or Naam (Chief Executive Officer)
     Ms. Chan Hoi Yan Polly
     Mr. Or Huen


     Independent Non-executive Directors:
     Mr. Tan Chong Huat (Chairman)
     Mr. Sung Chi Keung
     Mr. Hui Ha Lam


     Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company for a term of three years
     commencing on 27 October 2017 and shall continue thereafter until terminated by not less than three months’ notice
     in writing served by either party on the other.


     Each of the independent non-executive Directors (except Mr. Hui Ha Lam) has entered into a letter of appointment
     with the Company for a term of one year commencing on 27 October 2017 and shall continue thereafter until
     terminated by not less than one month’s notice in writing served by either party on the other.




22   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Report of the Directors (Continued)



Mr. Hui Ha Lam has entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for a term of one year commencing on
1 July 2020 and shall continue thereafter until terminated by not less than one month’s notice in writing served by
either party on the other.


All Directors are subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at annual general meeting, and will continue
thereafter until terminated in accordance with the terms of the service agreement/letter of appointment.


In accordance with the Article 83(3) of Company’s Articles of Association, any Director appointed by the Board to
fill a casual vacancy shall hold office until the first general meeting of shareholders after his appointment and be
subject to re-election at such meeting and any Director appointed by the Board as an addition to the existing Board
shall hold office only until the next following annual general meeting of the Company and shall then be eligible for
re-election.


In accordance with the Article 84(1) of Company’s Articles of Association, at each annual general meeting one-third
of the Directors for the time being shall retire from office by rotation.


Accordingly, Mr. Tan Chong Huat and Mr. Hui Ha Lam shall retire from office at the forthcoming annual general
meeting to be held on 10 May 2024 (Friday) (the “AGM”). All of the retired directors, being eligible, offer themselves
for re-election, at the AGM.


Apart from the foregoing, no Director proposed for re-election at the AGM has a service contract which is not
determinable by the Company or any of its subsidiaries within one year without payment of compensation, other
than statutory compensation.



Confirmation on Independence

Each of the independent non-executive Directors has made an annual confirmation of independence pursuant to
Rule 5.09 of the GEM Listing Rules. The Company is of the view that all independent non-executive Directors meet
the independence guidelines set out in Rule 5.09 of the GEM Listing Rules and are independent in accordance with
the terms of the guidelines.


Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management
The biographical details of the Directors and senior management of the Group are disclosed in the section headed
“Biographical Details of the Directors of the Company and Senior Management” on pages 11 to 17 of this annual
report.




                                                                        TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023   23
     Report of the Directors (Continued)



     Changes of Directors’ Information

     The Company is not aware of any other changes in the directors’ information which are required to be disclosed
     pursuant to Rule 17.50A(1) of the GEM Listing Rules since the publication of interim report for the six months ended
     30 June 2023 of the Company.



     Permitted Indemnity Provisions

     Pursuant to Article 164 of the Articles of Association of the Company, the Directors, secretary and other officers and
     every auditor for the time being of the Company shall be indemnified and secured harmless out of the assets and
     profits of the Company from and against all actions, costs, charges, losses, damages and expenses which they
     shall or may incur, provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty
     which may attach to any of said persons. Such provision was in force during the Year. In addition, the Company has
     also maintained Directors’ and officers’ liability insurance during the Year, which provides appropriate cover for the
     directors and officers of the Group.



     Directors’ Emoluments and Five Highest Paid Individuals

     The Directors’ emoluments are subject to shareholders’ approval at annual general meeting. Other emoluments are
     determined by the Board of the Company with reference to the recommendations by remuneration committee of the
     Company, directors’ duties, responsibilities and performance and the results of the Group.


     Details of the Directors’ emoluments and five highest paid individuals are set out in notes 16 and 15(b) respectively
     to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the annual report.




24   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Report of the Directors (Continued)



Emolument Policy

A remuneration committee was set up by the Board to develop the Group’s emolument policy and structure for
remuneration of the directors and senior management of the Group, having regard to the Group’s operating results,
individual performance of the directors and senior management and comparable market practices.



Directors’ Material Interests in Transactions, Arrangements and
Contracts that are Significant in Relation to the Company’s Business

During the Year, the Group entered into certain related party transactions, details of which are disclosed in
note 39(a) to the Consolidated Financial Statements. These transactions were conducted in the normal course of
business, and the amounts fell under de minimis transactions per Rule 20.74(1) of the GEM Listing Rules during the
Year.


Save as disclosed and the service contract/letter of appointment with the Directors, no other transactions,
arrangements or contracts that is significant in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company or any of its
subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director or an entity connected with a Director had, directly or indirectly, a
material interest subsisted at the end of the Year or at any time during the Year.



Non-competition Undertaking

Classic Charm Investments Limited, Mr. Or Naam, Ms. Polly Chan and Ms. Chu Siu Fong (the “Controlling
Shareholders”) gave a non-competition undertaking in favour of the Company, pursuant to which the Controlling
Shareholders undertake and covenant with the Company that they shall not, and shall procure any Covenantor and
my/our close associates (each a “Controlled Person” and collectively, the “Controlled Persons”) and any company
directly or indirectly controlled by the Covenantor (which for the purpose of the Deed of Non-Competition, shall not
include any member of our Group) (the “Controlled Company”) not to, except through any member of our Group,
directly or indirectly (whether as principal or agent, through any body corporate, partnership, joint venture or
other contractual arrangement and whether for profit or otherwise), carry on, engage in, invest or be interested or
otherwise involved in any business that is similar to or in competition with or is likely to be in competition with any
business carried on or contemplated to be carried on by any member of our Group from time to time or in which any
member of our Group is engaged or has invested or is otherwise involved in or which any member of our Group has
otherwise publicly announced its intention to enter into, engage in or invest in (whether as principal or agent and
whether directly or through any body corporate, partnership, joint venture, or other contractual or other arrangement)
in any territory that our Group carries on its business from time to time.


The Company has received the confirmation from the Controlling Shareholders in respect of their compliance with
the terms of non-competition undertaking for the Year.




                                                                      TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023     25
     Report of the Directors (Continued)



     The independent non-executive Directors had reviewed and confirmed that the Controlling Shareholders have
     complied with the non-competition undertaking and the non-competition undertaking has been enforced by the
     Company in accordance with its terms for the Year. Furthermore, there was no new business opportunities referred
     by the Controlling Shareholders to the Company during the Year.



     Related Parties Transactions

     Details of the related parties transactions undertaken in the normal course of business are set out in note 39 to the
     Consolidated Financial Statements. Certain of which also constitute connected transactions under the GEM Listing
     Rules. These connected transactions have complied with the requirements under Chapter 20 of the GEM Listing
     Rules.



     Conflict of Interests

     Saved as disclosed above, during the Year, none of the directors, the substantial shareholders or the management
     shareholders of the Company or any of their respective associates has engaged in any business that competes or
     may compete, either directly or indirectly, with the business of the Group or has any other conflict of interests with
     the Group.



     Share Option Scheme

     The Company has conditionally adopted the share option scheme (“Share Option Scheme”), which was approved
     by written resolutions passed by its sole Shareholder on 29 September 2017 and became unconditional on 27
     October 2017. The terms of the Share Option Scheme are in accordance with the provisions of Chapter 23 of the
     GEM Listing Rules. As of the date of this annual report, there is only one share option scheme.


     The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to advance the interests of the Company and the shareholders
     by enabling the Company to grant options to attract, retain and reward the eligible persons, namely directors,
     employees, consultants, advisers, any provider of goods and/or services to the Group; any customer of the Group
     and any person, who at the sole discretion of the Board, has contributed to the Group, and to provide the eligible
     persons an incentive or reward for their contribution to the Group and by enabling such persons’ contribution to
     further advance the interests of the Group.


     Pursuant to the Share Option Scheme, the Company may grant options to eligible persons to subscribe shares of
     the Company until any inside information has been announced, if any.




26   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Report of the Directors (Continued)



An offer shall remain open for acceptance by the Eligible Person concerned for such period as determined by the
Board, being a date not later than ten Business Days after the offer date by which the Eligible Person must accept
the offer or be deemed to have declined it, provided that no such offer shall be open for acceptance after the
tenth anniversary of the date of adoption of the Share Option Scheme or after the Share Option Scheme has been
terminated in accordance with the provisions of the Share Option Scheme. The amount payable by the grantee to
our Company on acceptance of the offer shall be a nominal amount to be determined by the Board.


Unless the Company obtains a fresh approval from the shareholders pursuant to the conditions set out in the Share
Option Scheme, the total number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under
the Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes shall not in aggregate exceed 10% of the total
number of shares in issue from time to time. As at the date of this annual report, the number of issued Shares of the
Company is 400,000,000 Shares and total number of shares issued or to be issued under the Share Option Scheme
of the Company is 40,000,000 Shares which represented approximately 10% (2022: 10%) of the issued share
capital of the Company, if all the options under the Share Option Scheme have been granted to and duly exercised
by eligible persons.


The total number of shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of the options granted to each eligible person
(including both exercised and outstanding options under the Share Option Scheme) in any twelve-month period
must not exceed 1% of the issued share capital of the Company. Where any further grant of options to an eligible
person would result in excess of such limit shall be subject to the approval of the shareholders at general meeting
with such eligible person and his close associates (or his associates if the eligible person is a connected person)
abstaining from voting.


Where options are proposed to be granted to a substantial Shareholder or an independent non-executive Director or
any of their respective associates, and the proposed grant of options will result in the total number of Shares issued
and to be issued upon exercise of all options already granted and to be granted (including options exercised,
cancelled and outstanding) to such person in the twelve-month period up to and including the date of such grant
representing in aggregate over 0.1% of the issued share capital of our Company and having an aggregate value,
based on the closing price of the Shares at the date of each grant, in excess of HK$5 million, such grant of options
must be subject to the approval of the Shareholders at general meeting. The grantee involved in such proposed
grant of options, his associates and all core connected persons of our Company must abstain from voting in such
general meeting (except that any such persons may vote against the proposed grant provided that his intention to
do so has been stated in the relevant circular to the Shareholders).


The Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of 10 years from the date of adoption to 28
September 2027, after which period no further options will be granted or offered.




                                                                   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023       27
     Report of the Directors (Continued)



     The share options are exercisable at any time during period of not more than 10 years from the date of grant, subject
     to the terms and conditions of the Share Option Scheme, or any conditions stipulated by the Board of Directors.


     The exercise price of the share option will be not less than the highest of:


     (a)   the closing price of a Share as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the offer date;


     (b)   the average closing price of a Share as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheets for the five
           business days immediately preceding the offer date; and


     (c)   the nominal value of a Share on the offer date.


     As at 31 December 2023, there was no option outstanding, granted, cancelled, exercised or lapsed. The number of
     the share options available for grant under the mandate limit of the Share Option Scheme as at 1 January 2023 and
     31 December 2023 were 40,000,000.


     Details of the principal terms of the Share Option Scheme are set out in paragraph headed “13. Share Option
     Scheme” in section headed “Statutory and General Information” in Appendix IV to the Prospectus of the Company.


     Apart from the aforesaid Share Option Schemes, at no time during the year ended 31 December 2023 was the
     Company or any associated corporation a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors to acquire benefits by
     means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate, and none of the
     Directors, or their spouses or children under the age 18, had any right to subscribe for the shares in, or debentures
     of, the Company, or had exercise any such rights.




28   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Report of the Directors (Continued)



Directors and Chief Executive’s Interests and Short Positions in
Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures

As at 31 December 2023, the interests and short positions of Directors and the chief executives of the Company in
the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning
of Part XV of the SFO) which were notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8
of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they are taken or deemed to have under such
provisions of the SFO) or which were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be recorded in the register
referred to therein or which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to
Rules 5.46 to 5.67 of the GEM Listing Rules, were as follows:


Long Position in the Ordinary Shares and Underlying Shares of the Company
Interests in the Company
Interests in ordinary shares

                                                                                                                                     % of the
                                                                                       Total            Total                    Company’s
                                                                                interests in    interests in                           issued
                                 Personal           Family       Corporate         ordinary      underlying       Aggregate            voting
Name of director                 interests        interests       interests          shares           shares        interests          shares


Mr. Or NaamNote                           –                – 300,000,000 300,000,000                        – 300,000,000                 75%
Ms. Chan Hoi Yan Polly    Note
                                          –                – 300,000,000 300,000,000                        – 300,000,000                 75%

Note: The 300,000,000 shares are beneficially held by Classic Charm Investments Limited, which is legally and beneficially owned as to 50.8% by
      Mr. Or Naam, as to 39.7% by Ms. Chu Siu Fong and 9.5% by Ms. Chan Hoi Yan Polly. As Mr. Or Naam, Ms. Chu Siu Fong and Ms. Chan Hoi
      Yan Polly are parties acting in concert, they are deemed to be interested in 300,000,000 Shares held by Classic Charm Investments Limited
      by virtue of the SFO.



Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2023, none of the directors and chief executive of the Company had
any interests and short positions in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated
corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) as recorded in the register required to be kept under
Section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the standards
of dealing by Directors as referred to in Rule 5.48 to 5.67 of the GEM Listing Rules.




                                                                                 TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023                  29
     Report of the Directors (Continued)



     Substantial Shareholder’s Interests and/or Short Position in Shares
     and Underlying Shares of the Company

     As at 31 December 2023, the following persons/entities (not being Directors or chief executive of our Company)
     have an interest or a short position in the Shares or the underlying Shares which were disclosed to the Company
     and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in
     the register of the Company required to be kept under section 336 of the SFO, were as follows:


     Long Position in the Ordinary Shares and Underlying Shares of the Company

                                                                                                                                          % of the
                                                                                                                                      Company’s
                                                                                                              Number of            issued voting
     Name of shareholders                                Capacity                                            shares held                    shares


     Classic Charm Investments Limited                   Beneficial owner                                    300,000,000                       75%
     Ms. Chu Siu Fong       Note
                                                         Interest in controlled corporation                  300,000,000                       75%

     Note: The 300,000,000 shares are beneficially held by Classic Charm Investments Limited, which is legally and beneficially owned as to 50.8% by
            Mr. Or Naam, as to 39.7% by Ms. Chu Siu Fong and 9.5% by Ms. Chan Hoi Yan Polly. As Mr. Or Naam, Ms. Chu Siu Fong and Ms. Chan Hoi
            Yan Polly are parties acting in concert, they are deemed to be interested in 300,000,000 Shares held by Classic Charm Investments Limited
            by virtue of the SFO.



     Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2023, the Company had not been notified by any persons (other than
     directors or chief executive of the Company) who had interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares
     of the Company which would fall under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO to be disclosed to
     the Company, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the
     SFO.



     Sufficiency of Public Float

     Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the directors of the
     Company as at the latest practicable date prior to the issue of this report, the Company has maintained the
     prescribed public float under the GEM Listing Rules of at least 25% of the Company’s total number of issued shares
     which was held by the public.




30   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Report of the Directors (Continued)



Corporate Governance Report

Details of the Group’s corporate governance practices can be found in the Corporate Governance Report contained
on pages 32 to 50 in this annual report.



Annual General Meeting (“AGM”)

The AGM of the Company will be held on 10 May 2024 (Friday) and the notice convening such meeting will be
published and despatched to the shareholders of the Company in due course.



Closure of the Register of Members

The Register of Members of the Company will be closed from 6 May 2024 (Monday) to 10 May 2024 (Friday) (both
days inclusive), during which period no transfers of shares will be registered. To determine the entitlement to attend
and vote at the AGM of the Company, all transfer documents, accompanied by the relevant share certificates, must
be lodged with the Company’s Branch Share Registrar in Hong Kong, Tricor Investor Services Limited, at 17/F, Far
East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on 3 May 2024 (Friday).



Auditor

As stated in the announcement of the Company on 12 October 2022, the Company has resolved to appoint RSM
Hong Kong as the new auditor of the Company with effect from 12 October 2022 to fill the casual vacancy following
the resignation of PricewaterhouseCoopers and to hold office until the conclusion of the next AGM of the Company.
Save as disclosed above, there have been no other changes of auditors in the past three years.


The Consolidated Financial Statements have been audited by RSM Hong Kong, who retire and, being eligible, offer
themselves for re-appointment. A resolution to re-appoint the retiring auditors is to be proposed at the AGM.


By order of the Board
Takbo Group Holdings Limited
Or Naam
Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director


Hong Kong, 27 March 2024




                                                                   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023       31
     Corporate Governance Report


     Corporate Governance Principles and Practices

     The Board and the management of the Company are committed to a high standard of corporate governance.
     The Company considers such commitment is essential for the effective management. The Company’s corporate
     governance practices are based on the principles and code provisions as set out in the corporate governance
     codes (the “CG Code”) as contained in Appendix C1 to the GEM Listing Rules.


     During the year ended 31 December 2023 (the “Year”), the Board considers that the Company has complied with all
     the CG Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the GEM Listing Rules, save for the following:


     Code Provisions C.1.6
     Under Code Provision C.1.6 of the CG Code, independent non-executive directors and other non-executive directors
     should attend general meetings. For the Year, Mr. Tan Chong Huat (“Mr. Tan”) and Mr. Hui Ha Lam (“Mr. Hui”),
     independent non-executive Directors, had not attended the annual general meeting held on 12 May 2023 (“2023
     AGM”). Mr. Tan and Mr. Hui had other important prior engagement at the same time.


     Code Provision F.2.2
     Under Code Provision F.2.2 of the CG Code, the chairman of the Board should attend the annual general meeting.
     For the Year, Mr. Tan, the chairman of the Board, who stationed and worked in Singapore, did not attend the 2023
     AGM due to his other important prior engagement at the same time.


     Details of compliance of the CG Code during the Year are explained in this corporate governance report.



     Code of Conduct for Securities Transactions by Directors

     The Company has adopted a code of conduct regarding securities transactions by the directors, its employees, and
     the directors and employees of its subsidiaries and holding companies (the “Relevant Employees”), who may likely
     possess inside information on the Company or its securities, on terms no less exacting than the required standard
     of dealings set out in Rules 5.48 to 5.67 of the GEM Listing Rules. Having made specific enquiry of all Directors and
     the Relevant Employees, they all confirmed that they had complied with the required standard of dealings and the
     code of conduct regarding securities transactions by directors adopted by the Company during the Year.




32   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Corporate Governance Report (Continued)



The Board of Directors

Responsibilities
The Board assumes responsibility for leadership and control of the Company; and is collectively responsible for
directing and supervising the Company’s affairs. The management are delegated the authority and responsibilities
by the Board for the day-to-day management and operation of the Company. The delegated functions and work
tasks are reviewed by the Board periodically.


Composition
The composition of the Board reflects the necessary balance of skills and experience desirable for effective
leadership of the Company and independence in decision making.


Throughout the Year, the Board comprises six Directors. As at 31 December 2023 and up to the date of this annual
report, there are three executive Directors and three independent non-executive Directors of the Company. The
composition of the Board is as follows:


Executive Directors:
Mr. Or Naam (Chief Executive Officer)
Ms. Chan Hoi Yan Polly
Mr. Or Huen


Independent Non-executive Directors:
Mr. Tan Chong Huat (Chairman)
Mr. Sung Chi Keung
Mr. Hui Ha Lam


During the Year, there was no change in the composition of the Board.


The relationship among members of the Board and biographical details and responsibilities of the Directors as well as
the senior management are set out in the section “Biographical Details of the Directors of the Company and Senior
Management” on pages 11 to 17. The updated list of Directors and their role and function are published at the
website of the Stock Exchange and the Company’s website at www.takbogroup.com.


Save as disclosed in the section headed “Biographical Details of the Directors of the Company and Senior
Management” to this report, the Directors have no other financial, business, family or other material/relevant
relationships with each other.




                                                                   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023      33
     Corporate Governance Report (Continued)



     The Board is accountable to shareholders for the Company’s performance and activities. While the Board is primarily
     overseeing and managing the Company’s affairs, the executive Directors constituting the senior management of the
     Company are delegated with responsibilities in the day-to-day management of the Company and make operational
     and business decisions within the control of and delegation framework of the Company. The independent non-
     executive Directors contribute valuable views and proposals for the Board’s deliberation and decisions.


     Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
     The roles of the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company are separated. Mr. Tan Chong Huat is the
     non-executive Chairman of the Board. The primary role of the Chairman is to help the Board to provide the Company
     with effective leadership and ensure the continuing effectiveness of the management team and the high standards
     of probity within the Company. Mr. Or Naam is the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. He oversees all aspects
     of the operations of the Group including sales and marketing, product development, merchandising, production,
     design, research, strategic planning, formulation of corporate policies and new business initiatives. His key focus is
     to further establish and manage the Group’s overseas customers.


     Independent Non-executive Directors
     The Company has throughout the Year met the requirements of the GEM Listing Rules relating to the appointment
     of at least three independent non-executive Directors with at least one of them possessing appropriate professional
     qualifications, accounting or related financial management expertise. At all times during the Year, the independent
     non-executive Directors represent at least one-third of the Board pursuant to Rule 5.05A of the GEM Listing Rules.


     Prior to their respective appointment, each of the independent non-executive Directors has submitted a written
     statement to the Stock Exchange confirming their independence and has undertaken to inform the Stock Exchange as
     soon as practicable if there is any subsequent change of circumstances which may affect their independence.


     Confirmation of Independence
     Each of the independent non-executive Directors has made an annual confirmation of independence pursuant to
     5.09 of the GEM Listing Rules to the Company in respect of their independence for the Year. The Company is of the
     view that all independent non-executive Directors meet the independence guidelines set out in Rule 5.09 of the GEM
     Listing Rules and are independent in accordance with the terms of the independence guidelines throughout the
     Year.




34   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Corporate Governance Report (Continued)



Appointment and Re-election of Directors
Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company for a term of three years
commencing on 27 October 2017 and shall continue thereafter until terminated by not less than three months’ notice
in writing served by either party on the other.


Each of the independent non-executive Directors (except Mr. Hui Ha Lam) has entered into a letter of appointment
with the Company for a term of one year commencing on 27 October 2017 and shall continue thereafter until
terminated by not less than one month’s notice in writing served by either party on the other.


Mr. Hui Ha Lam has entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for a term of one year commencing on
1 July 2020 and shall continue thereafter until terminated by not less than one month’s notice in writing served by
either party on the other.


All Directors are subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at annual general meeting, and will continue
thereafter until terminated in accordance with the terms of the service agreement/letter of appointment.


In accordance with the articles of association of the Company, at each annual general meeting, one-third of the
Directors for the time being shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director shall be subject to
retirement at an annual general meeting at least once every three years. Such retiring Directors shall be eligible for
re-election at the annual general meeting.


Any Director appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy shall hold office until the first general meeting of
shareholders after their appointment and be subject to re-election at such meeting and any Director appointed by
the Board as an addition to the existing Board shall hold office only until the next following annual general meeting
of the Company and shall then be eligible for re-election.


Board Meetings
The Board is scheduled to meet regularly at least four times a year at approximately quarterly intervals, to discuss
the overall strategy as well as the operational and financial performance of the Company. Other Board meetings will
be held when necessary. Such Board meetings involve the active participation, either in person or through other
electronic means of communication, of a majority of Directors.


For the Year, the Company held four Board meetings and four audit committee meetings; while two meeting for
each of the remuneration committee and nomination committee has also been held, and the Chairman met with all
independent non-executive Directors without the presence of other Directors in compliance with the GEM Listing
Rules. In addition, external auditors has met with audit committee members for discussions on the proposed audit
scope and matters for the Year.




                                                                    TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023      35
     Corporate Governance Report (Continued)



     Directors’ Attendance at Board/Board Committee/General Meetings
     Here below are details of all Directors’ attendance at the board meetings, board committee meetings and annual
     general meeting held during the Year:

                                                              Audit      Remuneration        Nomination           Annual
                                            Board         Committee        Committee         Committee            General
                                          Meetings         Meetings          Meeting           Meeting            Meeting


     Total number of meetings
       held                                       4                 4                 2                2                 1

                                                                 Number of meetings attended

     Executive Directors
     Mr. Or Naam                                  4                 0                 2                0                 0
     Ms. Chan Hoi Yan Polly                       4                 1*                0                0                 1
     Mr. Or Huen                                  3                 0                 0                2                 0

     Independent Non-executive
       Directors
     Mr. Tan Chong Huat                           4                 4                 2                1*                0
     Mr. Sung Chi Keung                           4                 4                 2                2                 1
     Mr. Hui Ha Lam                               4                 4                 0                2                 0

     *    Attended as an invitee.


     During the Year, the Chairman also held meeting with the independent non-executive Directors without the presence
     of other Directors.

     Practices and Conduct of Meetings
     Annual meeting schedules and draft agenda of each meeting are normally made available to all directors in
     advance. Notices of regular board meetings are served to all directors at least 14 days before the meetings. For
     other Board and committee meetings, reasonable notice is generally given. All Directors are consulted to include
     additional matters in the agenda for such meetings.

     Board paper together with all appropriate, complete and reliable information are sent to all directors at least 3 days
     before each Board meeting or committee meeting to keep them apprised of the latest developments and financial
     position of the Company and to enable them to make informed decisions. Queries raised by directors shall receive a
     prompt and full response by the management.

     At the annual general meeting, the Chairman as well as chairmen of the nomination committee, remuneration
     committee and audit committee or, in their absence, other members of the respective committees shall attend to
     answer questions from shareholders at the annual general meeting. At the 2023 AGM, Ms. Chan Hoi Yan Polly acted
     as chairman and Mr. Sung Chi Keung, chairman of the audit committee and a member of nomination committee
     answered questions from shareholders at the meeting.



36   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Corporate Governance Report (Continued)



Directors have access to the advice and services of the company secretary of the Company with a view to ensuring
that board procedures, and all applicable rules and regulations, are followed.


The company secretary of the Company is responsible to keep minutes of all Board meetings and committee
meetings. Both draft and final versions of the minutes will be sent to all Directors for their comment and records.
Minutes of board and board committee meetings are kept by the Company Secretary and such minutes are open for
inspection at any reasonable time on reasonable prior notice by any Director.


According to the current Board practice, any material transaction, which involves a conflict of interest for a
substantial shareholder or a director, will be considered and dealt with by the Board at a duly convened Board
meeting. Upon reasonable request, the Company should provide separate independent professional advice to
directors to assist them to discharge their duties in the appropriate circumstance.


Procedure for Seeking Independent Professional Advice by Directors
The Company has agreed to provide separate independent professional advice and sufficient resources to Directors
and all Board Committees to assist them to discharge their duties in compliance with the GEM Listing Rules and
CG Code. The Company has established a Board Independence Evaluation Mechanism to enable Directors and
members of all Board Committees, upon reasonable request, to seek and be provided with independent professional
advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expense. The Board reviews the implementation and
effectiveness of the Board Independence Evaluation Mechanism at least annually.


The Company has subscribed an insurance policy with an aim to indemnify its Directors and senior management
from any losses, damages, liabilities and expenses arising from, including but not limited to, any proceedings
brought against them during the performance of their duties pursuant to their respective services agreements
entered into with the Company.


Induction and Continuous Professional Trainings of Directors
Arrangements have been made to provide each new director a comprehensive, formal and tailored induction on the
first occasion of his appointment and continuing briefing and professional development when necessary.


Each newly appointed Director shall receive formal, comprehensive and tailored induction on the first occasion
of his/her appointment to ensure appropriate understanding of the business and operations of the Company and
full awareness of director’s responsibilities and obligations under the GEM Listing Rules and relevant statutory
requirements.


The Directors have also been informed of the requirement under the CG Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the
GEM Listing Rules regarding continuous professional development and they may join institutes and attend relevant
training seminars or informative talk from time to time to enable them to better discharge their duties. The Company
encourages the directors to attend courses in areas of directors’ duties and responsibilities, corporate governance,
changes in financial reporting standards, insider trading and any industry-related matters, to develop themselves
professionally, at the Company’s expense.




                                                                   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023     37
     Corporate Governance Report (Continued)



     During the Year, the key methods of attaining continuous professional development by each of the Directors are
     summarized as follows:


                                                                          Attending courses/              Reading books/
     Name of Director                                                 seminars/conferences                journals/articles


     Mr. Or Naam                                                                             ✓                            ✓
     Ms. Chan Hoi Yan Polly                                                                  ✓                            ✓
     Mr. Or Huen                                                                             ✓                            ✓
     Mr. Tan Chong Huat                                                                      ✓                            ✓
     Mr. Sung Chi Keung                                                                      ✓                            ✓
     Mr. Hui Ha Lam                                                                          ✓                            ✓

     For the Year, regulatory updates have been provided and sent to all the Directors, include:


     –    briefing by the external auditor on changes or amendments to accounting standards at the AC meetings; and


     –    update by the Company Secretary on amendments to the Corporate Governance Code and GEM Listing
          Rules, directors’ duties and responsibilities as well as risk management from time to time.


     The Company shall from time to time, if necessary, arrange for relevant and appropriate continuous professional
     training to all Directors to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills to enable them to be better discharge their
     duties as a Director of the Company. During the Year, the Company consider that regulatory updates provided to all
     the Directors could assist them to discharge their duties.



     Board Committees

     The Board has established three Board committees, namely the audit committee, the remuneration committee
     and the nomination committee for overseeing specific aspects of the Company’s affairs. All Board committees
     of the Company are established with defined written terms of reference. The terms of reference of the Board
     committees are posted on the Company’s website and the GEM website of the Stock Exchange, and are available
     to shareholders upon request.


     Audit Committee
     The Company established an audit committee on 29 September 2017 with written terms of reference in compliance
     with Rule 5.28 to 5.33 of the GEM Listing Rules and the CG Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the GEM Listing
     Rules. The latest terms of reference of the audit committee are available on the websites of the Company and the
     Stock Exchange.




38   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Corporate Governance Report (Continued)



The responsibility of the audit committee is to assist the Board in fulfilling its audit duties through the review and
supervision of the Company’s financial reporting, risk management and internal control principles and procedures,
and to provide advice and comments to the Board. The members meet regularly with the external auditor and/or the
Company’s senior management for the review, supervision and discussion of the Company’s financial reporting, risk
management and internal control procedures and ensure that the board and the management have discharged their
duties to have an effective risk management and internal control systems.

The composition of the audit committee during the Year and up to the date of this report is as follows:

Mr. Sung Chi Keung (Chairman)
Mr. Tan Chong Huat
Mr. Hui Ha Lam

All of the members of the audit committee are independent non-executive Directors. None of them (including their
immediate family members) is a former partner of the Company’s existing auditing firm within 2 years immediately
prior to their respective date of appointment. All of them (including their immediate family members) do not have
material interest in any principal business activity of nor is or was involved in any material business dealings with
the Group or with any core connected persons (as defined in the GEM Listing Rules) of the Group within one year
immediately prior to their respective date of appointment.

Mr. Sung Chi Keung, who has appropriate professional qualifications and experience in accounting matters, was
appointed as the Chairman of the Audit Committee.

During the Year, the audit committee held four meetings. Details of the attendance of the members of the audit
committee in the said meetings are set out under the sub-heading “Directors’ Attendance at Board/Board
Committee/General Meetings” above. The summary of work of the audit committee during the Year is as follows:

–    To meet with the external auditors, review and make recommendations for the Board’s approval on the
     financial statements, quarterly, interim and annual reports and continuing connected transactions of the Group;

–    To review and approve audit fee;

–    To review and assess the independence of the auditors;

–    To review the terms of engagement and make recommendation to the Board for the re-appointment of auditors
     of the Company, subject to the Shareholders’ approval at the annual general meeting;

–    To review the non-competition undertaking by the controlling shareholders of the Company;

–    To review the continuing connected transaction of the Company;

–    To review the effectiveness of the Company’s risk management and internal control systems; and

–    To review the adequacy of resources, qualifications and experience of staff of the Company’s accounting and
     financial reporting function, and their training programmes and budget.

The audit committee has not taken a different view from the Board regarding the selection and re-appointment of
external auditor.



                                                                   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023       39
     Corporate Governance Report (Continued)



     Remuneration Committee
     The Company established the remuneration committee on 29 September 2017 with written terms of reference
     in compliance with Rule 5.34 of the GEM Listing Rules and the CG Code. The latest terms of reference of the
     remuneration committee are available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.


     The remuneration committee is responsible for formulating and making recommendations to the Board on the
     Company’s emolument policy and on the establishment of a formal and transparent procedure for developing
     such policy. The Board expects the remuneration committee to exercise independent judgment and ensures that
     executive Directors do not participate in the determination of their own remuneration.


     The composition of the remuneration committee during the Year and up to the date of this report is as follows:


     Mr. Tan Chong Huat (Chairman)
     Mr. Sung Chi Keung
     Mr. Or Naam


     The majority members of the remuneration committee are independent non-executive Directors. During the Year, the
     remuneration committee held one meeting. Details of the attendance of the members of the remuneration committee
     in the said meeting are set out under the sub-heading “Directors’ Attendance at Board/Board Committee/General
     Meetings” above. The summary of work of the remuneration committee during the Year is as follows:


     –    To review and recommend to the Board on the remuneration packages of the executive Directors and senior
          management of the Company with reference to the Group’s remuneration policy and strategy; and


     –    To review and recommend to the Board on the Directors’ fees of independent non-executive Directors with
          reference to the Group’s remuneration policy and strategy.


     Details of the emoluments paid to the Directors and highest paid individuals for the Year are set out in notes 16 and
     15(b) respectively to the Consolidated Financial Statements.


     Nomination Committee
     The Company established the nomination committee on 29 September 2017 with written terms of reference in
     compliance with the CG Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the GEM Listing Rules. The written terms of reference of
     the nomination committee are available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.


     The primary duties of the nomination committee include reviewing the structure, size and composition of the Board,
     identifying individuals suitably qualified to become Directors, assessing the independence of independent non-
     executive Directors and making recommendations to the Board on appointment and re-appointment of Directors.




40   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Corporate Governance Report (Continued)



The composition of the nomination committee during the Year and up to the date of this report is as follows:

Mr. Hui Ha Lam (Chairman)
Mr. Sung Chi Keung
Mr. Or Huen

The majority members of the nomination committee are independent non-executive Directors. During the Year, the
nomination committee held one meeting. Details of the attendance of the members of the nomination committee
in the said meeting are set out under the sub-heading “Directors’ Attendance at Board/Board Committee/General
Meetings” above. The summary of work of the nomination committee during the Year is as follows:

–    To review the existing Board’s structure, size and composition;

–    To review the board diversity policy;

–    To review the nomination policy;

–    To review and assess the independence of the independent non-executive Directors; and

–    To make recommendations on the re-election of the retiring Directors at the annual general meeting of the
     Company.

Board Nomination Policy
The Company adopted a nomination policy on 9 November 2018 in compliance with the CG Code with effect from 1
January 2019, which establishes written guidelines to nomination committee to identify individuals suitably qualified
to become Board members and make recommendations to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated
for directorships with reference to the formulated criteria. The Board is ultimately responsible for selection and
appointment of new Directors and shall review and reassess the nomination policy and its effectiveness on a regular
basis or as required.

The Board, through the delegation of its authority to the nomination committee, has used its best efforts to ensure
that Directors (including independent non-executive Directors) appointed to the Board possess the relevant
background, experience and knowledge in business, finance and management skills critical to the Group’s business
to enable the Board to make sound and well considered decisions. Collectively, they have competencies in areas
which are relevant and valuable to the Group.

Nomination Process
The nomination committee shall assess whether any vacancy on the Board has been created or is expected on a
regular basis or as required.

The nomination committee utilizes various methods for identifying director candidates, including recommendations
from Board members, management, and professional search firms. All director candidates, including incumbents
and candidates nominated by Shareholders are evaluated by the nomination committee based upon the director
qualifications. While director candidates will be evaluated on the same criteria through review of resume, personal
interview and performance of background checks. The nomination committee retains the discretion to establish
the relative weighting of such criteria, which may vary based on the composition, skill sets, age, gender and
experiences of the collective Board rather than on the individual candidate for the purpose of diversity perspectives
appropriate to the requirement of the Company’s business.


                                                                   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023      41
     Corporate Governance Report (Continued)



     Upon considering a director candidate suitable for the directorship, the nomination committee will hold a meeting
     and/or by way of written resolutions to, if thought fit, approve the recommendation to the Board for appointment
     (including re-election). In the meantime, the nomination committee will provide the relevant information of the
     selected director candidate to the remuneration committee for consideration of the remuneration package of such
     selected candidate.


     The nomination committee will thereafter make the recommendation to the Board in relation to the proposed
     appointment (including re-election); while the remuneration committee will make the recommendation to the Board
     on the policy and structure for the remuneration.


     The Board will arrange for the selected candidate to be interviewed by the members of the Board and the Board, if
     necessary, with the recommendation of the nomination committee, will deliberate and decide the appointment.


     Selection Criteria
     The nomination committee will take into account whether a candidate has the qualifications, skills, experience and
     gender diversity that add to and complement the range of skills, experience and background of existing Directors
     by considering the highest personal and professional ethics and integrity of the director candidates, proven
     achievement and competence in the nominee’s field and the ability to exercise sound business judgment, skills
     that are complementary to those of the existing Board, the ability to assist and support management and make
     significant contributions to the Company’s success and such other factors as it may deem are in the best interests
     of the Company and its Shareholders.


     The process of re-electing Directors are as follows:


     –    The nomination committee would assess the performance of each of the Director’s competencies, commitment,
          contribution and performance (e.g. attendance, preparedness, participation and candour) and in accordance
          with the performance criteria set by the Board and consider the current needs of the Board;


     –    The nomination committee would review the size and composition of the Board, including the Board’s policy to
          ensure an appropriate mix of members with complementary skills, core competencies, and experience for the
          Group, and diversity of skills, gender, experience and knowledge to the Company; and


     –    Subject to the satisfactory assessment of nomination committee, the nomination committee would recommend
          the proposed re-appointment of the Director to the Board for its consideration and approval.


     The Company shall review and reassess the nomination policy and its effectiveness on a regular basis or as
     required.




42   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Corporate Governance Report (Continued)



Board Diversity Policy
The composition of the Board is reviewed on an annual basis by the nomination committee to ensure that the Board
has the appropriate mix of expertise and experience, and collectively possesses the necessary core competence
for informed decision-making and effective functioning. The Company adopted its own board diversity policy and
recognises the benefits of having diversity in the composition of the Board. The Board reviews the implementation
and effectiveness of the Board Diversity Policy at least annually.


The Company noted that people from different backgrounds and with different professional and life experience are
likely to approach problems in different ways and accordingly, members of the Board with diverse backgrounds
will bring different concerns and questions to the table, and allow the Board to consider a wider range of options
and solutions when deciding on corporate issues and formulating policies for the Group. In determining the Board’s
composition and selection of candidates to the Board, nomination committee will consider factors including but
not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, industry
knowledge and length of service.


All Board appointments will be based on meritocracy, and candidates will be considered against the selection
criteria, having regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board, the business model and specific needs of the
Group. The ultimate decision will be based on merit and contribution that the selected candidates will bring to the
Board.


Composition of the Diversified Board
As at the date of this annual report, the Board comprises six Directors, one of which is a female. The following tables
further illustrate the composition and diversity of the Board in terms of gender, length of service with the Group, age,
nationality, educational background and professional experience as of the date of this annual report:


                                                         Age Group                                 Ethnicity

Name of Director                            40 to 49         50 to 59         Over 60         Chinese     Singaporean


Mr. Or Naam                                                          ✓                               ✓
Ms. Chan Hoi Yan Polly                                               ✓                               ✓
Mr. Or Huen                                        ✓                                                 ✓
Mr. Tan Chong Huat                                                                  ✓                                 ✓
Mr. Sung Chi Keung                                 ✓                                                 ✓
Mr. Hui Ha Lam                                                       ✓                               ✓




                                                                     TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023       43
     Corporate Governance Report (Continued)



                                             Educational background                         Professional experience

                                                                           Design/                Accounting
     Name of Director                Law       Science Accountancy          Other Management      and finance          Law


     Mr. Or Naam                                                                ✓             ✓
     Ms. Chan Hoi Yan Polly                                                     ✓             ✓
     Mr. Or Huen                                     ✓                                        ✓
     Mr. Tan Chong Huat                 ✓                                                                                ✓
     Mr. Sung Chi Keung                                            ✓                                       ✓
     Mr. Hui Ha Lam                                                             ✓             ✓

     The nomination committee considers the existing size and composition of the Board are adequate and diversified
     for effective decision-making, taking into account the nature and scope of the Group’s operations. The nomination
     committee has monitored the implementation of the board diversity policy, and also reviewed its effectiveness and
     concluded that no revision to the policy is required at the last nomination committee meeting held.


     Gender Diversity
     The Company values gender diversity across all levels of the Group. The following table sets out the gender ratio in
     the workforce of the Group, including the Board and senior management as at the date of this annual report:


                                                                                      Female                          Male


     Board                                                                            17% (1)                      83% (5)


     Senior Management                                                               44% (12)                    56% (15)


     Other employees                                                                 70% (28)                    30% (12)


     Overall workforce                                                               73% (66)                    27% (24)

     Further details on the gender ratio of the Group together with relevant data can be found in the Environmental, Social
     and Governance Report of the Company.




44   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Corporate Governance Report (Continued)



Corporate Governance Function
The Board is responsible for performing the functions set out in the CG Code in Appendix C1 to the GEM Listing
Rules. The Board shall review the following corporate governance functions of the Company:

–    To review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and make recommendations;

–    To review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior
     management of the Group;

–    To review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory
     requirements;

–    To develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual applicable to employees of the
     Group and the Directors; and

–    To review the Company’s compliance with CG Code and disclosure in the corporate governance report.


Accountability and Audit

Financial Reporting
The Board is responsible for presenting a balanced, clear and understandable assessment of financial reports,
price-sensitive announcements and other disclosures required under the GEM Listing Rules and other regulatory
requirements.

The Board acknowledges its responsibility for the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements for the Year
which give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Group in accordance with the statutory requirements and
accounting standards and other financial disclosure requirement under the GEM Listing Rules. The financial results
of the Group are announced in a timely manner in accordance with statutory and/or regulatory requirements.


The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant
doubt upon the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.


The statement of the auditors about their reporting responsibilities is set out in the “Independent Auditor’s Report” on
pages 75 to 80 in this annual report.




                                                                    TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023        45
     Corporate Governance Report (Continued)



     Risk Management and Internal Control Systems

     The Board is accountable for overseeing the Group’s risk management and internal control systems and reviewing
     its effectiveness annually, while the management are responsible for implementing and maintaining the internal
     controls systems that covers governance, compliance (including handling and dissemination of inside information),
     risk management, financial and operational controls to safeguard the Group’s assets and stakeholders’ interests.
     However, such systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business
     objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.
     Procedures are in place to identify major business risks and evaluate potential financial implications.


     The Company has also in place the Anti-Fraud and Whistle-Blowing Policy to safeguard against corruption and
     bribery. The Company has an internal reporting channel that is open and available for employees of the Company
     to report any suspected corruption and bribery. Employees can also make anonymous reports to the Internal Audit
     Department, which is responsible for investigating the reported incidents and taking appropriate measures. The
     Company continues to carry out anti-corruption and anti-bribery activities to cultivate a culture of integrity, and
     actively organises anti-corruption training and inspections to ensure the effectiveness of anti-corruption and anti-
     bribery.


     Management also regularly reviews the Group’s business and operations to identify areas of significant business
     risks and controls to mitigate the risks. The management will highlight all significant matters to the Board and audit
     committee members from time to time.


     During the year ended 31 December 2023, the audit committee of the Company, through the engagement of Amba
     Partners Corporate Services Limited (“Amba”), reviewed the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group’s system
     of risks management and internal control procedures in connection with risk management process, resources,
     qualifications, and experience of staff of accounting, internal audit and financial reporting function, sales process,
     procurement process, inventory management process and human resources process. The procedures are
     performed in connection with the Company’s operation in Hong Kong and PRC.


     Amba has reported to the audit committee that they have identified, evaluated and managed risks during the year
     ended 31 December 2023, based on their procedures performed, and reported that no significant deficiencies were
     identified and recommendations on the various aspects had been suggested to audit committee and management
     for their consideration.


     The audit committee also reported such findings and recommendations to the Board for the improvement of the risk
     management and internal control systems of the Group and the Board considered that all recommendations should
     be properly followed to ensure the adequacy and effectiveness of the risk and internal control systems of the Group
     can be maintained.




46   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Corporate Governance Report (Continued)



In addition, the Board had received confirmation from the management that:


–    The financial records have been properly maintained and the financial statements give a true and fair view of
     the operations and finances of the Group; and


–    The risk management and internal control systems of the Group are effective.


Based on the framework for risk management and internal control system established by the Group, the Board
and the audit committee admitted that through the review of risk management and internal control systems of the
Group, it can evaluate and improve its effectiveness, and the Board, with the concurrence of the audit committee,
considered that such systems including financial, operational and compliance were effective and adequate for the
Year based on the work performed and report prepared by Amba as well as the confirmation letter received by the
management. The Company will perform the ongoing assessment to update all material risk factors on a regular
basis. In any case, review on risk management and internal control system will be conducted annually.


The Company is adopting the recommendations from Amba to enhance its risk management and internal control
procedures and would implement appropriate policies and programmes.


Internal Audit
During the Year, the Group had engaged an independent internal control consultant to assess our overall internal
controls and to give recommendations to make any enhancement. It was reported that there were no material
deficiencies in relation to the Group’s internal controls. The Board is of the view that the internal control measures of
the Group are adequately and effectively monitor our business operations for the Year.


Inside Information
The Group has adopted and implemented its own disclosure policy aiming to provide a general guide to the
directors and senior management of the Company in handling of confidential information and/or monitoring of
information disclosure pursuant to applicable laws and regulations in compliance with the Listing Rules and
Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”).


The disclosure policy provides the procedures and internal controls for the handling and dissemination of inside
information by publication of the announcement to the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company on a timely
basis to enable the public to access the latest information of the Group, unless such information fall within the safe
harbours with the SFO. The management has notified all employees to comply with the disclosure policy. Briefing
and training on the implementation of the policy have been provided to Directors, officers and senior management
of the Group. The Board emphasizes that only the authorised representatives registered in the Stock Exchange are
authorised to speak on behalf of the Company.




                                                                     TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023        47
     Corporate Governance Report (Continued)



     External Auditor’s Remuneration
     During the Year, the Company engaged RSM Hong Kong as the external auditor. The fee in respect of audit services
     provided by RSM Hong Kong for the Year amounted to HK$690,000.


     The audit committee has expressed its views to the Board that the level of fees paid/payable by the Company to the
     Company’s external auditor for annual audit services is reasonable. There has been no major disagreement between
     the auditor and the management of the Company during the Year.



     Company Secretary

     The Company appointed Ms. Wong Yuen Ki (“Ms. Wong”), an external service provider, as its company secretary
     with effect from 30 June 2022. The Company’s assistant financial controller is the primary contact person to Ms.
     Wong at the Company in respect of any compliance and company secretarial matters of the Company.


     The biographical details of Ms. Wong are set out under the section headed “Biographical Details of Directors of the
     Company and Senior Management” of this annual report. During the Year, Ms. Wong, undertook no less than 15
     hours’ professional training to update her skill and knowledge in compliance with the CG Code.



     Changes in Constitutional Documents

     Pursuant to Rule 17.102 of the GEM Listing Rules, the Company has published on the websites of the Company
     and the Stock Exchange its Memorandum and Articles of Association. During the Year, the Company has amended
     its Memorandum and Articles of Association by way of a special resolution passed on 12 May 2023. Details of the
     amendments are set out in the circular dated 31 March 2023 to the Shareholders.



     Non-competition Undertaking from Controlling Shareholders

     The controlling shareholder (as defined in the GEM Listing Rules) of the Company gave a non-competition
     undertaking in favour of the Company and confirm that they and their associates have not breached the terms of the
     undertaking contained in the Non-competition Deed during the Year.


     The Board comprising all the independent non-executive Directors, based on the written confirmation provided by
     the controlling shareholder, is of the view that the controlling shareholder has been in compliance with the non-
     competition undertaking in favour of the Company for the Year.




48   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Corporate Governance Report (Continued)



Shareholders’ Rights

The Way by which Shareholders can Convene Extraordinary General Meeting
(“EGM”)/Put Forward Proposal
According to Article 58 of the Articles of Association of the Company, any one or more members holding at the
date of deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company carrying the right of
voting at general meetings of the Company shall at all times have the right, by written requisition to the Board or the
secretary of the Company, to require an EGM to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified
in such requisition; and such meeting shall be held within two (2) months after the deposit of such requisition. If
within twenty-one (21) days of such deposit the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting the requisitionist(s)
himself (themselves) may do so in the same manner, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as
a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by the Company.


Article 85 of the Articles of Association provides that no person other than a Director retiring at the meeting shall,
unless recommended by the Directors for election, be eligible for election as a Director at any general meeting
unless a notice signed by a member (other than the person to be proposed) duly qualified to attend and vote at
the meeting for which such notice is given of his intention to propose such person for election and also a notice
signed by the person to be proposed of his willingness to be elected shall have been lodged at the head office
or at the registration office provided that the minimum length of the period, during which such notice(s) are given,
shall be at least seven (7) days and that (if the notices are submitted after the despatch of the notice of the general
meeting appointed for such election) the period for lodgment of such notice(s) shall commence on the day after the
despatch of the notice of the general meeting appointed for such election and end no later than seven (7) days prior
to the date of such general meeting.


Accordingly, if a member of the Company wishes to propose a person other than a Director for election as a Director
at the Company’s general meeting (“Proposal”), he/she should lodge a written notice setting out the Proposal and
his/her contact details to the head office and principal place of business of the Company.


The relevant procedures are set out in the Company’s website at www.takbogroup.com.


The Procedures for Sending Enquiries to the Board
Shareholders may send their enquiries and concerns in writing to the Board/company secretary by addressing them
to the Company at our principal place of business in Hong Kong or by email through the Company’s website.




                                                                     TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023      49
     Corporate Governance Report (Continued)



     Communication with Shareholders and Investors

     The Company endeavors to maintain effective communications with the shareholders and potential investors of the
     Company. The Company has in place a Communication Policy – Shareholders and External Parties which aims at
     promoting channels for shareholders to communicate their views on various matters affecting the Company and
     how the Company solicits and understand the views of shareholders and stakeholders. The Board reviews the
     implementation and effectiveness of the Communication Policy at least annually.


     Save as mentioned under the sub-heading “The Procedures for Sending Enquiries to the Board” above, in order
     to provide more relevant information to our shareholders, the Company has published all corporate information
     about the Group on its website at www.takbogroup.com. It is a channel of the Company to communicate with the
     shareholders and potential investors with our latest corporate development. All our corporate communications,
     such as statutory announcement, circular and financial reports are available on the website for easy access by the
     shareholders and potential investors. In addition, the Company meets its shareholders at the annual general meeting
     so as to promote the development of the Company through mutual and efficient communications.


     The forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company is scheduled to be held on 10 May 2024 (Friday). At the
     annual general meeting, the chairman of the Board as well as chairmen of the nomination committee, remuneration
     committee and audit committee or, in their absence, other members of the respective committees shall attend to
     answer questions from shareholders at the annual general meeting. The representatives of the external auditors
     shall also present and available to answer questions at the meeting.


     The notice of annual general meeting and the necessary information on issues to be considered in the annual
     general meeting will be set out in the circular to be dispatched to the shareholders of the Company in due course.



     Policy on Payment of Dividends

     The Company adopted a policy on payment of dividends (the “Dividend Policy”) on 9 November 2018 in compliance
     with the CG Code to the GEM Listing Rules, which establishes an appropriate procedure on declaring and
     recommending the dividend payment of the Company.


     The Company will declare and/or recommend the payment of dividends to Shareholders after considering the
     Company’s ability to pay dividends, which will depend upon, among other things, its actual and expected financial
     results, cash flow, general business conditions and strategies, current and future operations, statutory, contractual
     and regulatory restrictions and so on. The Board has complete discretion on whether to pay a dividend, subject to
     Shareholders’ approval, where applicable. Even if the Board decides to recommend and pay dividends, the form,
     frequency and amount will depend upon the operations and earnings, capital requirements and surplus, general
     financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors affecting the Group. The Board may also consider
     declaring special dividends from time to time, in addition to the interim and/or final dividends.


     The Company shall review and reassess the Dividend Policy and its effectiveness on a regular basis or as required.


     Hong Kong, 27 March 2024


50   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Environmental, Social and Governance Report


About the Group

The Group principally engages in (i) the design, development, manufacture and sale of beauty products; and (ii)
the design, development and sale of beauty bags. We are dedicated to creating from concepts to innovative and
multifunctional designs that worth for values for our customers’ needs. We provide products with the highest quality
to our customers through design, marketing and manufacturing solutions and from design, development to delivery.
We believe that with our successful operation for approximately 20 years in beauty products manufacturer business
in the PRC, we have become a well-known manufacturer of beauty products.



About this Report

Takbo Group Holdings Limited (the “Company”), together with its subsidiaries (the “Group”), is pleased to present
its Environmental, Social and Governance Report (the “Report”) to provide an overview of the Group’s management
on significant issues affecting the operation, and the performance of the Group in terms of environmental and social
aspects


Statement by the Board of Directors
The Group is dedicated to responsible operations and creating value for stakeholders and the community by
incorporating environmental and social factors into management decisions. Our sustainability strategy is founded on
compliance with legal requirements in our operating areas and input from stakeholders. Prioritizing sustainability is
critical to our growth and achieving long-term competitiveness.


Our ESG strategy covers operations, compliance, internal control and human resources. The board of directors
is responsible for ensuring the effectiveness of our ESG framework and overseeing the preparation of our report.
We have established policies to manage and monitor operational risks related to the environment and society. This
report outlines the policies, relevant data, and management approaches to sustainable development in different
areas.


Board of Directors regularly reviews progress to meet stakeholder expectations.




                                                                  TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023       51
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)



     Standards and Steps of Evaluation

     The Group has adopted the principle of materiality in the environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) reporting
     by understanding the key ESG issues that are important to the business of the Group. All the key performance
     indicators (KPIs) are reported in the Report according to recommendations of the ESG Reporting Guide (Appendix
     20 of the GEM Listing Rules) and the guidelines of the Global Reporting Initiative (the “GRI”).


     The Group has evaluated the materiality and importance in ESG aspects through the following steps:


     Step 1: Identification – Industry Benchmarking
     •    Relevant ESG areas were identified through the review of relevant ESG reports of the local and international
          industry peers.


     •    The materiality and the importance of each ESG area to the Group were determined through internal
          discussion of the management and based on the recommendation of ESG Reporting Guide (Appendix 20 of
          the GEM Listing Rules).


     Step 2: Prioritisation – Stakeholder Engagement
     •    The Group discussed with key stakeholders on key ESG areas identified above to ensure all the key aspects to
          be covered.


     Step 3: Validation – Determining Material Issues
     •    Based on the discussion with key stakeholders and internal discussion among the management, the Group’s
          management ensured all the key and material ESG areas, which were important to the business development,
          were reported and in compliance with the ESG Reporting Guide.


     The procedures above have been carried out, and this Report will discuss these ESG areas that are material to the
     Group.




52   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)



Reporting Period and Scope

This Report demonstrates our sustainability initiatives during the reporting period from 1 January 2023 to 31
December 2023, which are in line with the financial year covered by the Group’s 2023 Annual Report.


This Report is prepared in accordance with Appendix 20 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the
GEM of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“GEM Listing Rules”) – “Environmental, Social and Governance
Reporting Guide” and has complied with “mandatory disclosure requirements” and “comply or explain” provisions in
the GEM Listing Rules.


There are no significant changes in the scope of this ESG report from that of the 2022 ESG report published in
2023. This Report summarises the performance of the Group in respect of corporate social responsibility, covering
its operating activities – the design, development, manufacture and sale of beauty products; and the design,
development and sale of beauty bags in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) and Hong Kong (“HK”). The
Group has adopted the taken the latest Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide as the basis for
reviewing and updating the relevant information and data of its operations in prior periods.


This Report shall be published both in Chinese and English together with the annual report on the website of Stock
Exchange and the website of the Group. Should there be any discrepancy between the Chinese and the English
versions, the English version shall prevail.



Stakeholder Engagement and Feedback

The Group recognizes that its success is dependent on the support of its key stakeholders, who (a) have invested or
will invest in the Group; (b) have the ability to influence outcomes within the Group; and (c) are interested in, affected
by, or have potential to be affected by the impact of the Group’s activities, products, services, and relationships.
This understanding enables the Group to identify and manage risks and opportunities.


We remain committed to maintaining effective communication and cultivating positive relationships with each of our
key stakeholders.


Stakeholders are prioritized based on the Group’s roles and duties, strategic plans, and business initiatives. We
engage with our stakeholders to foster mutually beneficial relationships, seek their input on our business proposals
and initiatives, and promote sustainability in the marketplace, workplace, community, and environment.


The Group recognizes the significance of insights, inquiries, and ongoing interest from stakeholders in our business
activities. We have identified key stakeholders that are integral to our business and established multiple channels for
communication.




                                                                     TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023         53
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)



     The Group’s stakeholders primarily consist of: government, shareholders and investors, employees, customers,
     suppliers/partners, financial institutions, media, and the public and community. The table below outlines the
     channels and methods we use to communicate with our key stakeholders.


     Stakeholder        Expectation                      Engagement channel              Measures


     Government         –   To comply with the laws      –   On-site inspections and     –   Operated, managed and
                        –   Proper tax payment               checks                          paid taxes according
                        –   Promote regional             –   Research and discussion         to laws and regulations,
                            economic development             through work conferences,       strengthened safety
                            and employment                   work reports preparation        management; accepted
                                                             and submission for              the government’s
                                                             approval                        supervision, inspection and
                                                         –   Annual reports                  evaluation (e.g. accepted
                                                         –   Website                         1–2 on-site inspections
                                                                                             throughout the year), and
                                                                                             actively undertook social
                                                                                             responsibilities


     Shareholders and   –   Low risk                     –   Annual general meeting      –   Issued notices of general
       Investors        –   Return on the investment         and other shareholder           meeting and proposed
                        –   Information disclosure and       meetings                        resolutions according to
                            transparency                 –   Annual report,                  regulations, disclosed
                        –   Protection of interests          announcements                   company’s information by
                            and fair treatment of                                            publishing announcements/
                            shareholders                                                     circulars and three periodic
                                                                                             reports in total in the year.
                                                                                             Carried out different forms
                                                                                             of investor activities with an
                                                                                             aim to improve investors’
                                                                                             recognition. Held results
                                                                                             briefing once. Disclosed
                                                                                             company contact details on
                                                                                             website and in reports and
                                                                                             ensured all communication
                                                                                             channels available and
                                                                                             effective




54   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)



Stakeholder     Expectation                    Engagement channel                Measures


Employees       –   Safeguard the rights and   –   Training, seminars,           –   Provided a healthy and
                    interests of employees         briefing sessions                 safe working environment;
                –   Working environment        –   Cultural and sport                developed a fair mechanism
                –   Career Development             activities                        for promotion; established
                    opportunities              –   Newsletters                       labor unions at all levels
                –   Self-actualization         –   Intranet and emails               to provide communication
                –   Health and safety                                                platforms for employees;
                                                                                     cared for employees by
                                                                                     helping those in need
                                                                                     and organizing employee
                                                                                     activities


Customers       –   Safe and high-quality      –   Website, brochures            –   Established laboratory,
                    products                   –   Email and customer                strengthened quality
                –   Stable relationship            service hotline                   management to ensure
                –   Information transparency   –   Regular meeting                   stable production and
                –   Integrity                                                        smooth transportation,
                –   Business ethics                                                  and entered into long-
                                                                                     term strategic cooperation
                                                                                     agreements


Suppliers/      –   Long-term partnership      –   Business meetings,            –   Invited tenders publicly to
  Partners      –   Honest cooperation             supplier conferences,             select best suppliers and
                –   Fair, open                     phone calls, interviews           contractors, performed
                –   Information resources      –   Regular meeting                   contracts according to
                    sharing                    –   Review and assessment             agreements, enhanced
                –   Risk reduction             –   Tendering process                 daily communication, and
                                                                                     established long-term
                                                                                     cooperation with quality
                                                                                     suppliers and contractors


Financial       –   Compliance with the law    –   Consulting                    –   Complied with regulatory
  Institution       and regulations            –   Information disclosure            requirements in a strict
                –   Disclosure information     –   Reports                           manner, disclosed and
                                                                                     reported true information
                                                                                     in a timely and accurate
                                                                                     manner according to law




                                                                TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023    55
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)



     Stakeholder         Expectation                    Engagement channel             Measures


     Media               –   Transparent information    –   Website                    –   Organized media
                         –   Communication with         –   Interviews                     gathering to enhance the
                             media                                                         communication with media


     Public and          –   Community involvement      –   Charity and social         –   Gave priority to local people
       communities       –   Social responsibilities        investment                     seeking jobs from the
                                                        –   Annual reports                 Company so as to promote
                                                                                           community building and
                                                                                           development
                                                                                       –   Donation of our company’s
                                                                                           products to the community

     Through regular communication with stakeholders, the Group gains insight into their expectations and suggestions.
     This feedback enables us to make more informed decisions and better assess and manage relevant impacts.


     We welcome your feedback on our ESG initiatives and ESG report. Please contact us at Enquiries@TakboGroup.com.




56   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)



Materiality Assessment

During the reporting period, the Group has conducted a comprehensive materiality assessment to identify the
relevant areas with the highest impact to the Group. The following matrix summarises the key ESG areas of the
Group.


High                                                                                 Community                Health
                                                                                     Investment               and Safety
                                                                                                              Product
                                                                                                              Responsibility
Impact on                             Development                                    Labour                   Anti-
stakeholders’                         and Training                                   Standards                corruption
assessment             Supply Chain                                                  The         Employment
and decisions          Management                                                    Environment
                                                                                     and Natural
                                                                                     Resources




Low                    Emissions      Climate                                        Use of
                                      Change                                         Resources




                                                Importance of environmental and social impacts
                Low                                                                                                   High




                                                                        TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023        57
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)



     Environmental Aspects

     The Group is committed to reduce the impact of its operations on the environment and be accountable for the
     resources and materials that the Group used in its daily operations. We are dedicated to continuously improving
     the environmental sustainability of our business, ensuring that environmental protection remains a top priority in our
     daily operations, and fulfilling our obligations to both the environment and community.


     Emission
     The Group is subject to various PRC and local environmental laws and regulations related to the operations,
     including the “Environmental Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China”. During the reporting period, the
     Group had no material non-compliance regarding environmental or emission issues.


     Air Pollutant Emission
     The primary source of air pollutants for the Group is fuel consumption by our factory machinery and vehicles. We
     have taken steps to reduce air pollutants by formulating plans for their reduction. In the next three years, we aim to
     reduce fuel consumption by 5% by replacing fuel vehicles with EVs and utilize travel routes.


     To mitigate air pollutant emissions from the production process, the Group collects and treats them using activated
     carbon and carbon fiber absorption, thereby reducing emissions into the atmosphere. The following table provides
     details of air pollutant emissions during the reporting period:


                                                                        2023          2023           2023            2022
     Air pollutants                Unit                                 PRC            HK            Total           Total


     Nitrogen oxides (NOx)         kg                                  583.66         19.21         602.87           615.8
     Sulfur dioxide (SO2)          kg                                   66.12          0.92          67.04           69.83
     Particulate matter (PM)       kg                                   39.31          3.20          42.51           45.19




58   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)



Greenhouse Gas (“GHG”) Emission
The Group actively manages our carbon footprint by optimizing energy and water usage efficiency, as these
activities are major contributors to greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. Production activities are the primary source of
GHG emissions for the Group. We are currently reviewing methods to enhance the effectiveness of GHG emissions
in our operations, and committed to reducing our GHG emissions and implementing sustainable practices to
mitigate our environmental impact.


During the reporting period, the following table provides details of our GHG emissions:


                                                                                  2023          2023           2023              2022
GHG emission1                         Unit                                        PRC            HK            Total             Total


Scope 12                              tonnes of CO2-e                           73.35            2.25           75.6            78.75
Scope 23                              tonnes of CO2-e                        1,705.20           28.09       1,733.29         1,824.52


Total                                 tonnes of CO2-e                        1,778.55           30.34       1,808.89         1,903.27


GHG emission intensity                PRC: tonnes of CO2-e/                        0.92
                                        tonnes of production
                                      HK: tonnes of CO2-e/m2                                     0.01

Use of Resources
Hazardous and Non-hazardous Wastes
Hazardous wastes produced by the Group during its production process are handled in accordance with the
relevant PRC laws and regulations. The Group has commissioned a qualified contractor to handle or dispose of
certain toxic liquid and solid waste. Furthermore, in terms of the production facilities, the Group has enhanced its
systems to reduce the generation of wastewater and waste, to improve and monitor sewerage discharge, as well as
to treat, store and dispose of chemical and solid materials and waste.




1
        The calculation of the greenhouse gas emission is based on the “Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard” from greenhouse gas
        protocol.
2
        Scope 1: Direct emission from sources that are owned or controlled by the Group.
3
        Scope 2: Indirect emissions from purchased electricity consumed by the Group.




                                                                                    TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023        59
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)



     Non-hazardous wastes generated from the Group includes paper, plastic, metal and food wastes. The Group has
     implemented various measures to reduce wastes in the daily operation. By continuing to enhance its production
     system and further education to employees, the Group aims to maintain similar level of waste in the next two years.


     The wastes generated by the Group during the reporting period are as follows:


                                                                           2023            2023               2023      2022
     Waste disposal                 Unit                                   PRC               HK               Total     Total


     Hazardous wastes               tonnes                                 0.04                –              0.04       0.06
       produced
     Hazardous wastes               tonnes/tonnes of                   0.00002                 –         0.00002      0.00002
       produced intensity              production
     Non-hazardous wastes           tonnes                                 1.76                –              1.76       2.65
       produced
     Non-hazardous wastes           tonnes/employee                     0.0009                 –          0.0009       0.0006
       produced intensity

     The Group put effort in recycling different waste materials. The Group will continue to promote paper-saving
     measures, encourage double-sided printing of paper, enhance recycling, and suggest employees to store and
     share documents digitally instead of printing and distributing paper copies. The Group aims to reduce the volume of
     its waste by 5% in the next three years.


     The amount of non-hazardous wastes recycled during the reporting period is as follows:


     Non-hazardous                                                         2023            2023               2023      2022
     wastes recycled                Unit                                   PRC              HK                Total     Total


     Plastic and paper              tonnes                                 1.47                –              1.47       2.62
     Metal                          tonnes                                 1.22                –              1.22       1.02
     Non-hazardous wastes           tonnes/employee                        0.02                –              0.02       0.02
       recycled intensity

     Wastewater
     To ensure compliance with national safety standards, the Group has obtained a pollutant emission permit for
     wastewater generated during our production process. After undergoing proper treatment, the recycled wastewater is
     utilized within our facilities to alleviate the strain on city sewers and sewage treatment facilities.


     We have commissioned an experienced wastewater treatment company to formulate a wastewater treatment
     process. Suppliers also need to provide safety certifications for raw materials, hence, this can prevent the hazardous
     wastewater from being produced during our production process. During the reporting period, 5,326 m3 (2022:
     7,713 m3) of wastewater was treated and discharged according to the national safety standards.




60   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)



Energy
The Group is dedicated to enhancing our energy-saving measures and improving our energy-saving performance.
We have already implemented several measures, including optimizing our production processes to reduce our
energy consumption. Our facilities are also exploring green management measures, such as turning off lights and
equipment when not in use, using energy-efficient lighting, optimizing temperature control, implementing power-
saving settings and using of natural light. By implementing these measures, a workplace can significantly reduce
energy consumption and contribute to a more sustainable environment.


With the energy-saving initiatives including those listed above, the Group aims to reduce the volume of its energy
consumption by 3% in 2023. During the reporting period, the energy consumption is as follows:


                                                                  2023           2023           2023            2022
Energy consumption            Unit                                PRC             HK            Total           Total


Purchased electricity         kWh in ’000                      1,410.9            52.0        1,462.9         1,419.4
Diesel                        kWh in ’000                      104.28                –        104.28             78.2
Petrol                        kWh in ’000                        38.35               –          38.35            15.7


Total energy consumption      kWh in ’000                    1,553.53             52.0       1,605.53         1,513.3


Energy consumption            PRC: kWh in ’000/tonnes              0.80
  intensity                     of production
                              HK: kWh in ’000/m2                                  0.01


Water
Water is also another important resource used for the daily operation of the Group. To conserve water, the water used
for cleaning purposes is recycled for washing to control dust level in the Cosbe Facility in the PRC. In HK, the water
supply service in the office is provided by the building management company. In this case, water consumption
data is not available. Although the use of water has increased due to cleaning needs increase, the Group still raise
the awareness of employees about water saving through different channels. In 2023, the Group aims to resume the
volume of its water consumption as last year.


The water consumption during the reporting period is as follow:


                                                                  2023           2023            2023           2022
Water consumption             Unit                                PRC              HK           Total           Total


Water consumption             m3                                  6,657           N/A           6,657           9,641
Water consumption             PRC: m3/tonnes of                    3.44           N/A            3.44            3.92
  intensity                     production




                                                                    TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023      61
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)



     Packaging Materials
     The major packaging materials used in our manufacture business in the PRC are paper, metal and plastic. The
     consumption of those materials is as follows:


     Packaging materials                                                 2023          2023            2023             2022
     consumption                   Unit                                  PRC             HK            Total            Total


     Paper                         tonnes                          1,122,46                –       1,122.46        1,218.91
     Plastic                       tonnes                             567.5                –          567.5            595.85
     Metal                         tonnes                                3.78              –            3.78             4.01
     Packaging materials           PRC: tonnes/tonnes of                 0.88              –            0.88             0.45
       consumption intensity         production

     The Environment and Natural Resources
     The Group recognises its potential impact on the environment in its daily operations and the Group is committed
     to minimise the significant impact on the environment and natural resources, we have put water saving and energy
     saving as the main focuses in our policies and have set up related monitoring policies and control initiatives.


     This include using usable wastewater as sprinkle water to reduce dust in the park and prioritizing sustainability
     in product design without compromising production efficient. In terms of product design, we implement strict
     supervision to improve material utilization and minimize wastage.


     Climate change
     In 2024, although the Group may face climate change challenges, such as extreme weather events and water
     scarcity. These issues can impact the Group’s operation, however, the Group was not affected materially by
     any climate-related issues, we are committed to promoting environmental protection and enhancing employees’
     awareness of environmental protection.


     The Group is committed to minimizing the potential impact of severe climate change. We have established policies
     on environmental health and safety, as well as working conditions, to ensure the safety of our employees. We
     provide education and training to our employees to raise their safety awareness and skills, and to promote self-
     protection. Through these initiatives, we prioritize the safety and health of our employees and strive to minimize our
     environmental impact.




62   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)



Employment and Labour Practices
Employment
The Group considers people to be its most valuable assets and believes that competent staff is essential to the
success and development of the Group. To ensure fair and equal treatment of employees, the Group has established
policies for recruitment, promotion, resignation, working hours, equal opportunities, and compensation benefits.
These policies promote fair competition and apply the principle of equal opportunities in all aspects of employment.
The Group hires employees based on merit and treats all employees equally, regardless of their nationality,
race, gender, age, religion and marital status. The Group continuously strives to improve its human resources
management practices and foster a positive and inclusive work environment.


The Group also advocates harmonious and work-life balance culture through organising a diversified choice of
activities for employees. We organised annual dinner and employee gatherings during the reporting period. Those
activities can enable employees to relax and enhance the communications among employees.


The adoption of these human resources policies and procedures also ensures the Group’s compliance with the
relevant labour laws and regulations where it operates, including “Employment Ordinance” in HK and “Labour Law
of the People’s Republic of China”. During the reporting period, there was no non-compliance related to applicable
employment laws and regulations.


As at 31 December 2023, the Group has 163 employees in total. The employee figures and employee turnover rate (in
percentages) by gender, employment type, age group, geographical region and employee mode were as follows:


                                                                                     Number          Turnover rate


By Title                             Board member                                           6                   0%
                                     Senior management                                     16                   0%
                                     Mid-levels                                            11                   0%
                                     General staff                                       130                 13.1%


By Gender                            Male                                                  56                 8.9%
                                     Female                                              107                 11.2%


By Age Group                         30 or below                                           57                10.5%
                                     31–40                                                 68                 8.8%
                                     41–50                                                 28                14.3%
                                     51 or above                                           10                10.0%


By Geographical Region               PRC                                                 147                 10.2%
                                     HKSAR                                                 16                12.5%


By Employment Mode                   Full-time                                           163                 10.4%
                                     Non-full-time                                          –                   0%



                                                                  TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023      63
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)



     Health and Safety
     The Group is committed to providing a healthy and safe workplace for all its employees. We take work safety
     seriously in our facility and have established measures to promote work safety and to ensure compliance with
     applicable laws and regulations in the PRC.


     The Group places a high priority on the safety and well-being of its employees. We provide work safety trainings
     to our employees, including training on production line safety, identification of hazardous accidents, emergency
     planning, and contingency measures. Additionally, we ensure that all employees are familiar with the applicable
     laws, policies, and procedures to prevent work safety hazards. By prioritizing employee safety and providing
     comprehensive training and education, we aim to create a safe and healthy work environment for all employees.


     We have established and reviewed a series of safety guidelines, rules and procedures for different aspects of our
     production activities, including sterilisation, chemicals handling and storage, fire safety, electricity safety, work-
     related injuries and emergency and evacuation procedures. We have installed appropriate fire safety equipment.


     The members of the Environmental, Health and Safety (“EHS”) committee carry out regular inspection and evaluation
     on the safety measures so as to continuously improve the working conditions and monitor the effectiveness of safety
     related controls. At the same time, the Group also collects opinions from employees on occupational health and
     safety.


     In 2023, no concluded cases regarding health and safety brought against the issuer or its employees were noted.
     Besides, no cases regarding the number and rate of work-related fatalities or injury occurred for each of the past 3
     years including the current reporting period.




64   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)



Development and Training
The Group has established a training program to continuously improve the professionalism and on-the-job skills of
its employees. We encourage every employee at all levels to participate in training programs and prepare an annual
training plan based on job performance and operational needs. Integrated on-the-job trainings are provided to
employees in various departments, including production, engineering, procurement, commerce, HR, and business
development, to maintain safety, product quality, and professional skills. By prioritizing employee development and
providing relevant training and education, the Group aims to enhance overall performance and competitiveness.


In 2023, the detailed breakdown of the percentage of employees trained and the average training hours completed
per employee by gender and employee category is as follows:


                                                                            Average training          Percentage of
Training                                                                                hours     employee trained
                                                                            (hours/employee)                     (%)


By gender
  Male                                                                                   25.0                 98.2%
  Female                                                                                 25.6                100.0%
By employment category
  Board member                                                                           30.0                100.0%
  Senior management                                                                      33.0                100.0%
  Middle management                                                                      24.0                100.0%
  General                                                                                24.4                 99.2%

Labour Standards
The Group respects the human rights of employees, and is strongly against the employment of child labour and
forced labour. The Group strictly complies with the relevant laws and regulations, such as “Employment Ordinance”
in HK and “Labour Law of the People’s Republic of China”. According to the “Labour and Employment Management
Procedures” of the Group, persons under 16 years of age are not allowed to work in the Group and there is zero
tolerance to child labour and forced labour. The Group complies to the Provisions on the Special Protection of
Juvenile Labour, including the prohibition of toxic, hazardous, high-temperature, low-temperature, intensive physical
labour, and dangerous work. Our suppliers are expected to follow the same standard of labour practices when
working with us.


During the reporting period, the Group did not find any cases related to child labour or forced labour. The Group did
not find any suppliers that refuse to complies “Labour and Employment Management Procedures”.


Any violation of the “Labour and Employment Management Procedures” of the Company will be subject to criticism
or disciplinary action, and may result in termination of employment.




                                                                   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023      65
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)



     Operating Practices
     Supply Chain Management
     The Group relies on suppliers to provide production materials. We are fully aware of the potential environmental and
     social risks associated with our supply chain and are committed to reducing such risks in the collaboration with our
     suppliers. For example, we carefully select the suppliers based on a list of criteria such as ICTI* compliance
     fulfilment, environmental certification, product quality, timely delivery, cooperation and price in accordance with the
     Group’s internal policies including “Procurement and Supplier Management Procedures” and “Suppliers and
     Sub-contractors Social Responsibility Management Procedures”. The Group maintains a long-term relationship with
     suppliers based on the results from the annual assessment, and will stop the partnership if the supplier fails the
     assessment.

     The Group will also consider integrating green practices into its supply chain management to reduce environmental
     impact. By working with our suppliers, we aim to identify opportunities for environmentally friendly materials and
     processes, reduce waste and emissions, and improve energy efficiency.

     During the reporting period, the Group has 190 suppliers which are located in the PRC, and the Group has not
     engaged any third-party procurement suppliers. Every supplier needs to be inspected and evaluated, and sign a
     letter of commitment on taking up social responsibility based on ICTI requirement before starting cooperation with
     the Group.

     The Group irregularly checks the ICTI compliance with the suppliers and provides related trainings, including EHS
     training to the suppliers in order to prevent the suppliers from serious violation of relevant laws and regulations. If
     violation is observed from suppliers, the Group will suspend the cooperation.

     Product Responsibility
     The Group is in strict compliance with related laws and regulations, including “Product Quality Law of the People’s
     Republic of China”. During the year 2023, the Group did not discover any significant risk exposure in relation to the
     product responsibility, and there were no products sold or shipped subject to recalls for safety or health reasons.

     Customer Complaints
     The Group’s department of commerce is responsible for dealing with the complaints from customers. Prompt
     response will be made and the problem will be tackled to prevent similar complaints from happening. During
     the year 2023, no complaints related to the quality of products were received by the Group. Regular customer
     satisfaction survey is carried out regularly for the continuous improvement of quality of products and services.

     Intellectual Property Protection
     Intellectual property is an area of substantial importance in the environment of the Group. The Group has
     implemented “Intellectual Property Policy and Procedure” to protect the manufacture and sale of beauty products
     under the trademarks of its own brands. The Group respect and committed to protect intellectual property owners,
     meanwhile the Group shall seek legal advice to protect the interest of the Group. For any new trademarks or any
     new brands to be licensed, the Group shall take all appropriate action to register and protect trademarks of its own
     brands in the jurisdictions in which products under these brands are sold.




     *    ICTI Ethical Toy Program Certification requires factories to uphold various standards to support the rights and well-being of factory workers.
          For further information please visit https://www.ethicaltoyprogram.org/.



66   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)



Quality Assurance and Recall Procedures
In order to enhance the quality of products and services provided by the Group, the Group has set up internal
policies – “Product Inspection Procedures”, “Products Recall Guidelines” and other related procedures in
accordance with the requirement of ISO 9001:2015 – Quality Management System. Inspections are performed in
different stages of the production line before the products are packed for delivery to ensure the quality of products.
Procedures for control of nonconforming products shall apply to protect customers against safety risks for any
products which are inspected to be unqualified. If products are recalled for safety or below standard unfortunately,
product recalling procedures and analysis shall be carried out to reduce similar incidents. In 2023, none of our
products sold was subject to any recalls for safety and health reasons.


Consumer Information Protection
The Group respects consumer data privacy and is committed to preventing customer data leakage or loss.
According to the Group’s “Customers Property Control Procedures”, collected consumer personal data and
property are accessible only by authorised personnel and handled with care, and provided that the public interest
is not involved, without the consent of the customer, it cannot be disseminated or leaked, nor used for commercial
purposes. The Group complies with relevant consumer information protection laws and regulations. During the year
2023, no severe laws violation in this aspect was found to have posed significant impact on the Group.


Anti-corruption
The Group is committed to the highest possible standards of openness, honesty and accountability in all the affairs.
The Group is determined to maintain a culture of honesty and opposition to fraud and corruption. Based on this
commitment, the Group implements related policies and procedures including “Anti-fraud and Whistle-blowing
Policy” and “Anti-bribery and Anti-corruption Code of Conduct”. The Group has also applied the Corporate
Governance Code as set out in Appendix 14 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities as the basis for
developing regulations rules and regulations on internal integrity discipline and integrity administration.


These policies and procedures outline the principles to which we are committed to preventing, reporting and
managing fraud, corruption and bribery. These principles are well conveyed to our employees through daily
communication, trainings and workshops. Our customers, suppliers and contractors are expected to follow the same
policy when working with us.


The Group has established a whistle-blowing mechanism that allows employees and the public to report suspicious
cases and concerns in a confidential manner. Investigation of alleged fraud or fraudulent behaviour may be carried
out internally or may be referred to the appropriate regulatory authorities. Reports shall be produced subsequently
and submitted to the management for further action. If the allegation is determined to be materially true, the Group
reserves the right to take all appropriate actions including terminating the employment of any perpetrators, reporting
the fraud or fraudulent activities to appropriate government authorities and pursuing legal actions, both civil and
criminal, against the perpetrators.




                                                                     TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023     67
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)



     In 2023, the detailed breakdown of the number of persons who received training for anti-corruption and the training
     hours per person for anti-corruption by employment category is as follows:


                                                                              Number of persons           Training hours
                                                                                  received training       per person for
                                                                               for anti-corruption       anti-corruption


     Board member                                                                                 6                  4.00
     Senior management                                                                          16                   5.50
     Middle management                                                                          11                   4.00
     General                                                                                   126                   4.00

     The Group has been in strict compliance with the related local laws and regulations in the PRC and Hong Kong
     including “Prevention of Bribery Ordinance” of HK and all relevant anti-corruption laws in the PRC, such as “Criminal
     Law of the People’s Republic of China”, “Anti-unfair Competition Law of the People’s Republic of China” and
     “Interim Provisions on Banning Commercial Bribery of the People’s Republic of China”. During the reporting period,
     there was no legal case regarding corrupt practices brought against the Group or its employees, or impose fines,
     penalties or sanctions on the Group or its employees.


     Community Investment
     The Group is committed to supporting and contributing to the society by implementing related policies and
     measures to understand the needs of the community. Contribution to the community and maintaining a harmonious
     relationship with the stakeholders in the region of operation are crucial for the sustainable development of the
     Group.


     With the emergence of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Group has taken the necessary pandemic preventive measures
     to protect the health of its employees from the pandemic in accordance with the relevant community requirements.


     The Group is willing to participate in activities organised by the community in order to enhance the communication
     among different stakeholders. During the reporting period, we continued to support a number of charitable activities,
     including the donation of bags and accessories.




68   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)



ESG Indicator Index

Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs                                        Chapter         Page

A.   Environmental

Aspect A1:        General Disclosure                                                        Emissions       58
Emissions
                  Information on:
                  (a)     the policies; and
                  (b)     compliance with relevant laws and regulations that
                          have a significant impact on
                  relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions, discharges
                  into water and land, and generation of hazardous and
                  non-hazardous waste.

                  Note: Air emissions include NOx, SOx, and other pollutants regulated
                          under national laws and regulations. Greenhouse gases include
                          carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide, hydrofluorocarbons,
                          perfluorocarbons and sulphur hexafluoride. Hazardous wastes are
                          those defined by national regulations.

KPI A1.1          The types of emissions and respective emissions data.                     Air Pollutant   58
                                                                                            Emission

KPI A1.2          Direct (Scope 1) and energy indirect (Scope 2)                            Greenhouse      59
                  greenhouse gas emissions (in tonnes) and, where                           Gas (“GHG”)
                  appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume,               Emission
                  per facility).

KPI A1.3          Total hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where                     Hazardous and   59–60
                  appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume,               Non-hazardous
                  per facility).                                                            Wastes

KPI A1.4          Total non-hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and,                       Hazardous and   59–60
                  where appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of production                 Non-hazardous
                  volume, per facility).                                                    Wastes

KPI A1.5          Description of emission reduction target(s) set and                       Air Pollutant   58
                  measures taken to achieve them.                                           Emission

KPI A1.6          Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous                            Hazardous and   59–60
                  wastes are handled, and a description of emission                         Non-hazardous
                  reduction target(s) set and measures taken to achieve                     Wastes
                  them.




                                                                          TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023   69
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)



     Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs                                      Chapter           Page

     A.    Environmental (continued)

     Aspect A2:          General Disclosure                                                    Energy, Water,    61–62
     Use of Resources                                                                          Packaging
                         Policies on the efficient use of resources, including                 Materials
                         energy, water and other raw materials.

                         Note: Resources may be used in production, storage, transportation,
                               buildings, electronic equipment, etc..

     KPI A2.1            Direct and/or indirect energy consumption by type (e.g.               Energy            61
                         electricity, gas or oil) in total (kWh in ’000) and intensity
                         (e.g. per unit of production volume, per facility).

     KPI A2.2            Water consumption in total and intensity (e.g. per unit of            Water             61
                         production volume, per facility).

     KPI A2.3            Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and                Energy            61
                         measures taken to achieve them.

     KPI A2.4            Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing                 Water             61
                         water that is fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set
                         and measures taken to achieve them.

     KPI A2.5            Total packaging material used for finished products (in               Packaging         62
                         tonnes) and, if applicable, with reference to per unit                Materials
                         produced.

     Aspect A3:          General Disclosure                                                    The Environment   62
     The Environment                                                                           and Natural
     and Natural         Policies on effective use of resources (energy, water and             Resources
     Resources           other packaging materials).

     KPI A3.1            Description of the significant impacts of activities on the           The Environment   62
                         environment and natural resources and the actions taken               and Natural
                         to manage them.                                                       Resources

     Aspect A4:          General Disclosure                                                    Climate Change    62
     Climate Change
                         Policies on identification and mitigation of significant
                         climate-related issues which have impacted, and those
                         which may impact, the issuer.

     KPI A4.1            Description of the significant climate-related issues                 Climate Change    62
                         which have impacted, and those which may impact, the
                         issuer, and the actions taken to manage the impacts.




70   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)



Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs                                            Chapter        Page

B.   Social

Employment and Labour Practices

Aspect B1:          General Disclosure                                                          Employment     63
Employment
                    Information on:
                    (a)    the policies; and
                    (b)    compliance with relevant laws and regulations that
                           have a significant impact on the issuer
                    relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and
                    promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity,
                    diversity, anti-discrimination, and other benefits and
                    welfare.

KPI B1.1            Total workforce by gender, employment type (for                             Employment     63
                    example, full- or part-time), age group and geographical
                    region.

KPI B1.2            Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and                             Employment     63
                    geographical region.

Aspect B2:          General Disclosure                                                          Health and     64
Health and Safety                                                                               Safety
                    Information on:
                    (a)    the policies; and
                    (b)    compliance with relevant laws and regulations that
                           have a significant impact on the issuer
                    relating to providing a safe working environment and
                    protecting employees from occupational hazards.

KPI B2.1            Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in                      Health and     64
                    each of the past three years including the reporting year.                  Safety

KPI B2.2            Lost days due to work injury.                                               Health and     64
                                                                                                Safety

KPI B2.3            Description of occupational health and safety measures                      Health and     64
                    adopted, and how they are implemented and monitored.                        Safety

Aspect B3:          General Disclosure                                                          Development    65
Development                                                                                     and Training
and Training        Policies on improving employees’ knowledge and skills
                    for discharging duties at work. Description of training
                    activities.

                    Note: Training refers to vocational training. It may include internal and
                           external courses paid by the employer.


                                                                           TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023   71
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)



     Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs                             Chapter        Page

     B.    Social (Continued)

     Employment and Labour Practices (Continued)

     KPI B3.1            The percentage of employees trained by gender and            Development    65
                         employee category (e.g. senior management, middle            and Training
                         management).

     KPI B3.2            The average training hours completed per employee by         Development    65
                         gender and employee category.                                and Training

     Aspect B4:          General Disclosure                                           Labour         65
     Labour Standards                                                                 Standards
                         Information on:
                         (a)    the policies; and
                         (b)    compliance with relevant laws and regulations that
                                have a significant impact on the issuer
                         relating to preventing child and forced labour

     KPI B4.1            Description of measures to review employment practices       Labour         65
                         to avoid child and forced labour.                            Standards

     KPI B4.2              Description of measures taken to eliminate such            Labour         65
                           practices when discovered.                                 Standards

     Operating Practices

     Aspect B5:            General Disclosure                                         Supply Chain   66
     Supply Chain                                                                     Management
     Management            Policies on managing environmental and social risks of
                           the supply chain.

     KPI B5.1              Number of suppliers by geographical region.                Supply Chain   66
                                                                                      Management

     KPI B5.2              Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers,   Supply Chain   66
                           number of suppliers where the practices are being          Management
                           implemented, and how they are implemented and
                           monitored.

     KPI B5.3              Description of practices used to identify environmental    Supply Chain   66
                           and social risks along the supply chain, and how the       Management
                           practices are implemented and monitored.

     KPI B5.4              Description of practices used to promote environmentally   Supply Chain   66
                           preferable products and services when selecting            Management
                           suppliers, and how the practices are implemented and
                           monitored.



72   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)



Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs                              Chapter             Page

B.   Social (Continued)

Operating Practices (Continued)

Aspect B6:         General Disclosure                                             Product             66
Product                                                                           Responsibility
Responsibility     Information on:
                   (a)    the policies; and
                   (b)    compliance with relevant laws and regulations that
                          have a significant impact on the issuer
                   relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and
                   privacy matters relating to products and services provided
                   and methods of redress.

KPI B6.1           Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to        Product             66
                   recalls for safety and health reasons.                         Responsibility

KPI B6.2           Number of products and service related complaints              Customer            66
                   received and how they are dealt with.                          Complaints

KPI B6.3           Description of practices relating to observing and             Intellectual        66
                   protecting intellectual property rights.                       Property
                                                                                  Protection

KPI B6.4           Description of quality assurance process and recall            Quality             67
                   procedures.                                                    Assurance
                                                                                  and Recall
                                                                                  Procedures

KPI B6.5           Description of consumer data protection and privacy            Consumer            67
                   policies, and how they are implemented and monitored.          Information
                                                                                  Protection

Aspect B7:         General Disclosure                                             Anti-corruption     67
Anti-corruption
                   Information on:
                   (a)    the policies; and
                   (b)    compliance with relevant laws and regulations that
                          have a significant impact on the issuer
                   relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money
                   laundering.

KPI B7.1           Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt              Anti-corruption     68
                   practices brought against the issuer or its employees
                   during the reporting period and the outcomes of the
                   cases.




                                                                    TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023   73
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)



     Subject Areas, Aspects, General Disclosures and KPIs                           Chapter           Page

     B.    Social (Continued)

     Operating Practices (Continued)

     KPI B7.2            Description of preventive measures and whistle-blowing     Anti-corruption   67
                         procedures, and how they are implemented and
                         monitored.

     KPI B7.3            Description of anti-corruption training provided to        Anti-corruption   68
                         directors and staff.

     Aspect B8:          General Disclosure                                         Community         68
     Community                                                                      Investment
     Investment          Policies on community engagement to understand the
                         needs of the communities where the issuer operates
                         and to ensure its activities take into consideration the
                         communities’ interests.

     KPI B8.1            Focus areas of contribution (e.g. education,               Community         68
                         environmental concerns, labour needs, health, culture,     Investment
                         sport).

     KPI B8.2            Resources contributed (e.g. money or time) to the focus    Community         68
                         area.                                                      Investment




74   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Independent Auditor’s Report




To the Shareholders of Takbo Group Holdings Limited
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)



Opinion

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Takbo Group Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and
its subsidiaries (the “Group”) set out on pages 81 to 155, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial
position as at 31 December 2023, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and the consolidated statement
of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated
statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including
material accounting policy information.


In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of
the Group as at 31 December 2023, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows
for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the
Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance
with the disclosure requirements of Companies Ordinance.



Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA.
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of
the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with
the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




                                                                     TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023        75
     Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)



     Key Audit Matters

     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
     consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit
     of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
     separate opinion on these matters. The key audit matter we identified is:


     Key Audit Matter                                     How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


     1.   Impairment assessment of trade receivables


     Refer to note 4(w), note 6(b) and note 26 to the     Our procedures in relation to management’s impairment
     consolidated financial statements.                   assessment of the trade receivables as at 31 December 2023
                                                          included:
     As at 31 December 2023, the Group had gross
     trade receivables of approximately HK$27.0           •     Understanding and evaluating the management’s internal
     million (2022: HK$21.0 million) and provision              control and process of impairment assessment of trade
     for impairment of approximately HK$6.6 million             receivables, assessing the inherent risk of material
     (2022: HK$6.0 million).                                    misstatement by considering the degree of estimation
                                                                uncertainty and level of other inherent risk factors;


                                                          •     Evaluating the outcome of prior period assessment
                                                                of impairment of trade receivables to assess the
                                                                effectiveness of management’s estimation process;




76   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)



Key Audit Matters (Continued)

Key Audit Matter                                      How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


1.   Impairment assessment of trade receivables (Continued)


In general, the credit terms granted by the           •    Inquiring of management for the status of each of the
Group to the customers ranged between 30                   material trade receivable past due as at year end and
to 120 days. Management performed periodic                 corroborating explanations from management with
assessment on the recoverability of the trade              supporting evidence, such as performing public search
receivables and the sufficiency of provision               of credit profile of selected customers, understanding
for impairment based on information including              ongoing trading relationships with the customers based
credit profile of different customers, aging of the        on trade records, checking settlement records of and
trade receivables, historical settlement records,          other correspondence with the customers in order to
expected timing and amount of realisation of               identify customers with specific risk for impairment
outstanding balance, and on-going trading                  assessment and challenging the reasonableness of
relationships with the relevant customers.                 management’s grouping of the trade receivables into
Management also considered forward-looking                 different categories in the provision matrix; and
information that may impact the customers’
ability to repay the outstanding balances in order    •    Assessing the appropriateness of the expected credit
to estimate the expected credit losses for the             loss provisioning methodology, examining the underlying
impairment assessment.                                     key data inputs such as monthly aging profile of trade
                                                           receivables balances on a sample basis to assess
We focused on this area due to the impairment              the accuracy and completeness of historical data and
assessment of trade receivables under the                  challenging the forward-looking information used to
expected credit losses model involved the use              determine the adjustment made to historical loss rate in
of assumptions which are judgmental in nature              order to calculate the expected credit losses.
and the calculation is subject to a higher degree
of estimation uncertainty among the different
accounting estimates applied by management in
the preparation of the financial statements.




                                                                   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023    77
     Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)



     Other Information

     The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of the information
     included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.


     Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
     any form of assurance conclusion thereon.


     In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
     information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
     financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If,
     based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information,
     we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.



     Responsibilities of Directors and the Audit Committee for the
     Consolidated Financial Statements

     The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and
     fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Companies
     Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
     consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability
     to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
     concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have
     no realistic alternative but to do so.


     The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




78   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)



Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion. We report our opinion solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility
towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error
and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.


As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:


•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
     fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
     sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
     resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery,
     intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
     appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
     Group’s internal control.


•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
     and related disclosures made by the directors.


•    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
     on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that
     may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a
     material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures
     in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our
     conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
     events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.




                                                                      TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023    79
     Independent Auditor’s Report (Continued)



     Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
     Statements (Continued)

     •     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
           the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
           events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.


     •     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
           activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible
           for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
           opinion.


     We communicate with the Audit Committee, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
     significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.


     We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
     regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably
     be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards
     applied.


     From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
     significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key
     audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure
     about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated
     in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public
     interest benefits of such communication.


     The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Ms. Leung Wan Yi Winnie.




     RSM Hong Kong
     Certified Public Accountants
     29th Floor, Lee Garden Two
     28 Yun Ping Road
     Causeway Bay
     Hong Kong


     27 March 2024



80   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
For the year ended 31 December 2023



                                                                                     2023             2022
                                                                   Notes          HK$’000         HK$’000


Revenue                                                              8            215,591          209,300
Cost of sales                                                                    (140,186)        (138,733)


Gross profit                                                                       75,405           70,567
Other income                                                         9               1,829             476
Other gains/(losses), net                                           10                 16          (10,228)
Administrative expenses                                                            (48,814)        (40,272)
Selling and distribution expenses                                                  (16,992)        (19,874)
Provision for impairment losses on trade receivables                6(b)            (1,757)         (1,354)


Operating profit/(loss)                                                              9,687            (685)


Finance income                                                      12               6,111           1,813
Finance costs                                                       12                (257)           (270)


Finance income, net                                                 12               5,854           1,543


Profit before taxation                                                             15,541              858
Income tax (expenses)/credit                                        13                (883)            150


Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company           14             14,658            1,008


Earnings per share
Basic, HK cents                                                     17                 3.7              0.3


Diluted, HK cents                                                   17                 3.7              0.3




                                                            TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023   81
     Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
     For the year ended 31 December 2023



                                                                      2023      2022
                                                                   HK$’000    HK$’000


     Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company      14,658      1,008


     Other comprehensive income
     Item that may be reclassified to profit or loss:
     – Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations    (2,447)    (6,180)


     Total comprehensive income for the year attributable
       to owners of the Company                                     12,211     (5,172)




82   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
At 31 December 2023



                                                                                           2023             2022
                                                                         Notes          HK$’000         HK$’000


Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                             18             34,556           38,879
Right-of-use assets                                                       19             11,127           11,701
Intangible asset                                                          20                 20               46
Prepayments and deposit                                                                    1,905             783
Deposit and prepayments for a life insurance policy                       22               4,438           4,282
Deferred tax assets                                                       24                968            1,188


                                                                                         53,014           56,879


Current assets
Inventories                                                               25               2,530           3,640
Trade receivables                                                         26             20,391           15,047
Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                                                8,588           5,285
Amount due from a related party                                           27                113              144
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)           23               1,590           1,950
Short-term bank deposits                                                  28               6,577               –
Bank and cash balances                                                    28            186,971          180,462


                                                                                        226,760          206,528


Current liabilities
Derivative financial instruments                                          29                   –           2,769
Trade payables                                                            30               6,374           4,861
Contract-related liabilities                                              31               7,364           8,192
Lease liabilities                                                         32               3,803           3,799
Accruals, provisions and other payables                                   33             16,463           10,135
Current tax liabilities                                                                     866              202


                                                                                         34,870           29,958


Net current assets                                                                      191,890          176,570


Total assets less current liabilities                                                   244,904          233,449




                                                                  TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023   83
     Consolidated Statement of Financial Position (Continued)
     At 31 December 2023



                                                                                                 2023      2022
                                                                            Notes           HK$’000      HK$’000


     Non-current liabilities
     Provision                                                                33                  251       393
     Lease liabilities                                                        32                 7,728     8,342


                                                                                                 7,979     8,735


     NET ASSETS                                                                             236,925      224,714


     CAPITAL AND RESERVES
     Share capital                                                            34                 4,000     4,000
     Share premium                                                                              56,188    56,188
     Other reserves                                                           35                 1,117     2,961
     Retained earnings                                                                      175,620      161,565


     TOTAL EQUITY                                                                           236,925      224,714


     Approved by the Board of Directors on 27 March 2024 and are signed on its behalf by:




                               Or Naam                                         Chan Hoi Yan, Polly
                               Director                                              Director




84   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the year ended 31 December 2023



                                                          Capital and
                                                                other        Statutory
                                      Share       Share     reserves           reserve    Exchange     Retained      Total
                                     capital   premium    (Note 35(a))     (Note 35(b))     reserve    earnings     equity
                                    HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000          HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000    HK$’000


At 1 January 2022                     4,000      56,188            46            3,146        5,924     160,582    229,886

Profit for the year                       –           –             –                –            –       1,008      1,008
Other comprehensive income                –           –             –                –       (6,180)          –     (6,180)


Total comprehensive income
  for the year                            –           –             –                –       (6,180)      1,008     (5,172)


Transactions with owners in their
  capacity as owners:
Transfer to statutory reserve             –           –             –               25            –         (25)         –


At 31 December 2022                   4,000      56,188            46            3,171         (256)    161,565    224,714


At 1 January 2023                     4,000      56,188            46            3,171         (256)    161,565    224,714

Profit for the year                       –           –             –                –            –      14,658     14,658
Other comprehensive income                –           –             –                –       (2,447)          –     (2,447)


Total comprehensive income
  for the year                            –           –             –                –       (2,447)     14,658     12,211


Transactions with owners in their
  capacity as owners:
Transfer to statutory reserve             –           –             –              603            –        (603)         –


At 31 December 2023                   4,000      56,188            46            3,774       (2,703)    175,620    236,925




                                                                         TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023      85
     Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
     For the year ended 31 December 2023



                                                                                     2023      2022
                                                                          Notes   HK$’000    HK$’000


     CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
     Profit before taxation                                                        15,541       858


     Adjustments for:
       Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                       18       5,762      5,953
       Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                 19       4,220      3,965
       Amortisation of intangible asset                                    20          24       102
       Provision for impairment losses on trade receivables               6(b)      1,757      1,354
       Reversal of provision upon collection                              6(b)       (147)         –
       Net fair value losses on financial assets at FVTPL                  10         377       423
       Realised loss on derivative financial instruments                   10         138      7,607
       Unrealised loss on derivative financial instruments                 10           –      2,739
       Reversal of long service payment                                    9         (142)         –
       Finance income                                                      12      (6,111)    (1,813)
       Finance costs                                                       12         257       270
       Net premium (income)/charges on a life insurance policy                       (156)      788
       Foreign exchange difference on operating activities                           (967)    (2,415)


     Operating profit before working capital changes                               20,553     19,831


     Decrease/(increase) in inventories                                             1,110       (751)
     (Increase)/decrease in trade receivables                                      (6,954)    14,984
     (Increase)/decrease in prepayments, deposits and other receivables            (3,303)     7,862
     Decrease/(increase) in amount due from a related party                            31       (144)
     Increase/(decrease) in trade payables                                          1,513     (1,705)
     (Decrease)/increase in contract-related liabilities                             (828)      214
     Increase in accruals, provisions and other payables                            6,328      1,842
     Decrease in amount due to a related party                                          –        (81)


     Cash generated from operations                                                18,450     42,052
     Income tax (paid)/refunded                                                       (13)      828


     Net cash generated from operating activities                                  18,437     42,880




86   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (Continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2023



                                                                                            2023             2022
                                                                          Notes          HK$’000         HK$’000


CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES


Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                  (3,607)          (1,514)
Interest received                                                                           6,111           1,813
(Increase)/decrease in short-term bank deposits                                            (6,577)         14,000
Additions to deposit and prepayments for a life insurance policy                                –          (5,070)
Additions to financial assets at FVTPL                                                        (17)             (17)
Settlement of derivative financial instruments                                             (2,907)         (7,607)


Net cash (used in)/generated from investing activities                                     (6,997)          1,605


CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES


Principle element of lease payments                                                        (4,497)          (4,215)
Interest element of lease payments                                         19                (257)           (270)


Net cash used in financing activities                                                      (4,754)          (4,485)


NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                                   6,686          40,000


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT 1 JANUARY                                                   180,462          140,499


Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                      (177)             (37)


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT 31 DECEMBER                                                 186,971          180,462


ANALYSIS OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Bank and cash balances                                                     28            186,971          180,462




                                                                   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023    87
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


     1    General Information

          Takbo Group Holdings Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 8 February 2017 as
          an exempted company with limited liability under Companies Law, Cap. 22 (Law 3 of 1961, as combined and
          revised) of the Cayman Islands. The registered address of the Company is Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, P.O.
          Box 2681, Grand Cayman, KY1-1111, Cayman Islands.


          The Company is an investment holding company. The Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”)
          are principally engaged in the design, development, manufacture and sale of beauty products, and the
          design, development and sale of beauty bags.


          The ultimate controlling parties of the Company are Mr. Or Naam, Ms. Chu Siu Fong (“Ms. Chu”) and Ms. Chan
          Hoi Yan Polly (“Ms. Chan”) (collectively the “Controlling Shareholders”). The ultimate holding company of the
          Company is Classic Charm Investments Limited (“Classic Charm”), and its place of incorporation and principal
          place of business is the British Virgin Islands (the “BVI”).


          The Company became listed on the GEM of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on 27 October 2017.


          These consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”), unless otherwise stated.



     2    Basis of Preparation

          These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with all applicable Hong Kong
          Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants
          (the “HKICPA”). HKFRSs comprise Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRS”); Hong Kong
          Accounting Standards (“HKAS”); and Interpretations. These consolidated financial statements also comply
          with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on GEM of the Stock
          Exchange and with the disclosure requirements of the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622).


          The HKICPA has issued certain new and revised HKFRSs that are first effective or available for early adoption
          for the current accounting period of the Group. Note 3 provides information on any changes in accounting
          policies resulting from initial application of these developments to the extent that they are relevant to the Group
          for the current and prior accounting periods reflected in these consolidated financial statements.




88   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



3   Adoption of New and Revised Hong Kong Financial Reporting
    Standards

    (a) Application of new and revised HKFRSs
       The Group has applied the following new and amendments to HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA for the first
       time, which are mandatorily effective for the annual period beginning on or after 1 January 2023 for the
       preparation of the consolidated financial statements:


       Amendments to HKAS 8                       Definition of Accounting Estimates
       Amendments to HKAS 12                      Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a
                                                     Single Transaction
       Amendments to HKAS 12                      International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules –
                                                     Amendments to HKAS 12
       Amendments to HKAS 1 and                   Disclosure of Accounting Policies
        HKFRS Practice Statement 2

       Except as described below, the application of the new and amendments to HKFRSs in the current year
       has had no material impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior
       years and/or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.


       Impact on application of Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKFRS Practice Statement 2
       “Disclosure of Accounting Policies”
       The Group has adopted Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKFRS Practice Statement 2 “Disclosure of
       Accounting Policies” for the first time in the current year. HKAS 1 “Presentation of Financial Statements” is
       amended to replace all instances of the term “significant accounting policies” with “material accounting
       policy information”. Accounting policy information is material if, when considered together with other
       information included in an entity’s financial statements, it can reasonably be expected to influence
       decisions that the primary users of general purpose financial statements make on the basis of those
       financial statements.


       The amendments also clarify that accounting policy information may be material because of the nature
       of the related transactions, other events or conditions, even if the amounts are immaterial. However,
       not all accounting policy information relating to material transactions, other events or conditions is itself
       material. If an entity chooses to disclose immaterial accounting policy information, such information must
       not obscure material accounting policy information.




                                                                TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023        89
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



     3    Adoption of New and Revised Hong Kong Financial Reporting
          Standards (Continued)

          (a) Application of new and revised HKFRSs (Continued)
               Impact on application of Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKFRS Practice Statement 2
               “Disclosure of Accounting Policies” (Continued)
               HKFRS Practice Statement 2 “Making Materiality Judgements” (the “Practice Statement”) is also
               amended to illustrate how an entity applies the “four-step materiality process” to accounting policy
               disclosures and to judge whether information about an accounting policy is material to its financial
               statements. Guidance and examples are added to the Practice Statement.


               The application of the amendments has had no material impact on the Group’s financial positions and
               performance but has affected the disclosure of the Group’s accounting policies set out in note 4 to the
               consolidated financial statements.


               Change in accounting policy as a result of application of the HKICPA guidance on the
               accounting implications of the abolition of the Mandatory Provident Fund (“MPF”) –
               Long Service Payment (“LSP”) offsetting mechanism in Hong Kong
               The Group has several subsidiaries operating in Hong Kong which are obliged to pay LSP to employees
               under certain circumstances. Meanwhile, the Group makes mandatory and voluntary MPF contributions
               to the trustee who administers the assets held in a trust solely for the retirement benefits of each
               individual employee. Offsetting of LSP against an employee’s accrued retirement benefits derived from
               employers’ MPF contributions was allowed under the Employment Ordinance (Cap.57). In June 2022, the
               Government of the HKSAR gazetted the Employment and Retirement Schemes Legislation (Offsetting
               Arrangement) (Amendment) Ordinance 2022 (the “Amendment Ordinance”) which abolishes the use of
               the accrued benefits derived from employers’ mandatory MPF contributions to offset severance payment
               and LSP (the “Abolition”). The Abolition will officially take effect on 1 May 2025 (the “Transition Date”). In
               addition, under the Amendment Ordinance, the last month’s salary immediately preceding the Transition
               Date (instead of the date of termination of employment) is used to calculate the portion of LSP in respect
               of the employment period before the Transition Date.


               In July 2023, the HKICPA published “Accounting implications of the abolition of the MPF-LSP offsetting
               mechanism in Hong Kong” which provides guidance for the accounting for the offsetting mechanism and
               the impact arising from abolition of the MPF-LSP offsetting mechanism in Hong Kong. In light of this, the
               Group has implemented the guidance published by the HKICPA in connection with the LSP obligation
               retrospectively so as to provide more reliable and more relevant information about the effects of the
               offsetting mechanism and the Abolition.


               The application has had no material impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance and on
               the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.




90   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



3   Adoption of New and Revised Hong Kong Financial Reporting
    Standards (Continued)

    (b) Revised HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective
       The Group has not early applied the following amendments to standards and interpretation that have
       been issued but are not yet effective:


                                                                                        Effective for
                                                                                        accounting periods
                                                                                        beginning on or after

       Amendments to HKAS 1 – Classification of Liabilities as Current or               1 January 2024
        Non-current
       Amendments to HKAS 1 – Non-current Liabilities with Covenants                    1 January 2024
       Amendments to HKFRS 16 – Lease Liability in a Sales and Leaseback                1 January 2024
       Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (Revised) Presentation of Financial Statements        1 January 2024
        – Classification by the Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains a Repayment
        on Demand Clause (“HK Int 5 (Revised)”)
       Amendments to HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7 – Supplier Finance Arrangements                 1 January 2024
       Amendments to HKAS 21 – Lack of Exchangeability                                  1 January 2025
       Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 – Sale or Contribution of Assets              To be determined
        between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture                            by the HKICPA

       The directors of the Company anticipate that the application of all other amendments to HKFRSs will not
       have material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.




                                                              TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023    91
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



     4    Material Accounting Policy Information

          These consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, unless
          mentioned otherwise in the accounting policies below (e.g. certain financial instruments that are measured at
          fair value).


          The preparation of financial statements in conformity with HKFRS requires the use of certain critical accounting
          estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of applying the Group’s
          accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where
          assumptions and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial statements are disclosed in note 5.


          The material accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set
          out below. These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.


          (a) Consolidation
                The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its
                subsidiaries made up to 31 December. Subsidiaries are entities over which the Group has control. The
                Group controls an entity when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the
                entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. The Group has power
                over an entity when the Group has existing rights that give it the current ability to direct the relevant
                activities, i.e. activities that significantly affect the entity’s returns.


                When assessing control, the Group considers its potential voting rights as well as potential voting rights
                held by other parties. A potential voting right is considered only if the holder has the practical ability to
                exercise that right.


                Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are
                de-consolidated from the date the control ceases.


                Intragroup transactions, balances and unrealised profits are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also
                eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred.
                Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the
                policies adopted by the Group.




92   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



4   Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)

    (b) Separate financial statements
       In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less
       impairment loss. Cost includes direct attributable costs of investments. The results of subsidiaries are
       accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividend received or receivable.


       Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from these
       investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the
       dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial statements
       exceeds the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s net assets
       including goodwill.


    (c) Foreign currency translation
       (i)   Functional and presentation currency
             Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using
             the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional
             currency”). The consolidated financial statements are presented in HK$, which is the Company’s
             functional and presentation currency.


       (ii) Transactions and balances in each entity’s financial statements
             Transactions in foreign currencies are translated into the functional currency on initial recognition
             using the exchange rates prevailing on the transaction dates. Monetary assets and liabilities in
             foreign currencies are translated at the exchange rates at the end of each reporting period. Gains
             and losses resulting from this translation policy are recognised in profit or loss.


             Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign
             currency are translated using the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction dates. The
             transaction date is the date on which the company initially recognises such non-monetary assets or
             liabilities. Non-monetary items that are measured at fair value in foreign currencies are translated
             using the exchange rates at the dates when the fair values are determined.


             When a gain or loss on a non-monetary item is recognised in other comprehensive income, any
             exchange component of that gain or loss is recognised in other comprehensive income. When a
             gain or loss on a non-monetary item is recognised in profit or loss, any exchange component of that
             gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss.




                                                                 TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023     93
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



     4    Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)

          (c) Foreign currency translation (Continued)
               (iii) Translation on consolidation
                    The results and financial position of all foreign operations (none of which has the currency
                    of hyperinflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the Company’s
                    presentation currency are translated into the Company’s presentation currency as follows:


                    –     Assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position presented are translated at the
                          closing rate at the date of that statement of financial position;


                    –     Income and expenses are translated at average exchange rates for the period (unless this
                          average is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on
                          the transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at the exchange
                          rates on the transaction dates); and


                    –     All resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and
                          accumulated in the foreign currency translation reserve.


                    On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of monetary items that form
                    part of the net investment in foreign entities are recognised in other comprehensive income and
                    accumulated in the foreign currency translation reserve. When a foreign operation is sold, such
                    exchange differences are reclassified to consolidated profit or loss as part of the gain or loss on
                    disposal.


          (d) Property, plant and equipment
               Property, plant and equipment are held for use in the production or supply of goods or services, or for
               administrative purposes. Property, plant and equipment are stated in the consolidated statement of
               financial position at cost, less subsequent accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated
               impairment losses, if any.


               Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as
               appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow
               to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. All other repairs and maintenance are
               recognised in profit or loss during the period in which they are incurred.




94   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



4   Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)

    (d) Property, plant and equipment (Continued)
       Depreciation of property, plant and equipment is calculated at rates sufficient to write off their cost less
       their residual values over the estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis. The principal annual rates as
       follows:


       Leasehold improvements                                                              20%
       Plant and machinery                                                                 10% to 20%
       Furniture and equipment                                                             10% to 20%
       Motor vehicles                                                                      10% to 25%

       The residual values, useful lives and depreciation method are reviewed and adjusted, if appropriate,
       at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a
       prospective basis.


       The gain or loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment is the difference between the net sales
       proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant asset, and is recognised in profit of loss.


    (e) Leases
       At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is,
       or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period
       of time in exchange for consideration. Control is conveyed where the customer has both the right to
       direct the use of the identified asset and to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from that use.


       The Group as a lessee
       Where the contract contains lease components and non-lease components, the Group has elected not to
       separate non-lease components and accounts for each lease component and any associated non-lease
       components as a single lease component for all leases.


       At the lease commencement date, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability, except
       for short-term leases that has a lease term of 12 months or less and leases of low-value asset which, for
       the Group is primarily factory. When the Group enters into a lease in respect of a low-value asset, the
       Group decides whether to capitalise the lease on a lease-by-lease basis. The lease payments associated
       with those leases which are not capitalised are recognised as an expense on a systematic basis over the
       lease term.




                                                                TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023         95
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



     4    Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)

          (e) Leases (Continued)
               The Group as a lessee (Continued)
               Where the lease is capitalised, the lease liability is initially recognised at the present value of the lease
               payments payable over the lease term, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that
               rate cannot be readily determined, using a relevant incremental borrowing rate. Lease payments to be
               made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in the measurement of the lease
               liability. After initial recognition, the lease liability is measured at amortised cost and interest expense is
               calculated using the effective interest method.


               Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or rate are not included in the measurement
               of the lease liability and hence are charged to profit or loss in the accounting period in which they are
               incurred.


               To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group:


               •    where possible, uses recent third-party financing received by the individual lessee as a starting
                    point, adjusted to reflect changes in financing conditions since third party financing was received,


               •    uses a build-up approach that starts with a risk-free interest rate adjusted for credit risk for leases
                    held by the Group, which does not have recent third-party financing, and


               •    makes adjustments specific to the lease, e.g. term, country, currency and security.


               If a readily observable amortising loan rate is available to the individual lessee (through recent financing
               or market data) which has a similar payment profile to the lease, then the group entities use that rate as a
               starting point to determine the incremental borrowing rate.


               The right-of-use asset recognised when a lease is capitalised is initially measured at cost, which
               comprises the initial amount of the lease liability plus any lease payments made at or before the
               commencement date, and any initial direct costs incurred. Where applicable, the cost of the right-of-
               use assets also includes an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore
               the underlying asset or the site on which it is located, discounted to their present value, less any lease
               incentives received. The right-of-use asset is subsequently stated at cost less accumulated depreciation
               and impairment losses.




96   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



4   Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)

    (e) Leases (Continued)
       The Group as a lessee (Continued)
       Right-of-use assets in which the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the underlying leased
       assets at the end of the lease term are depreciated from commencement date to the end of the useful
       life. Otherwise, right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated
       useful life and the lease term.


       Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under HKFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value.
       Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and included
       in the cost of right-of-use assets.


       The lease liability is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change
       in an index or rate, or there is a change in the Group’s estimate of the amount expected to be payable
       under a residual value guarantee, or there is a change arising from the reassessment of whether the
       Group will be reasonably certain to exercise a purchase, extension or termination option. When the lease
       liability is remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the
       right-of-use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been
       reduced to zero.


       The lease liability is also remeasured when there is a change in the scope of a lease or the consideration
       for a lease that is not originally provided for in the lease contract (“lease modification”) that is not
       accounted for as a separate lease. In this case the lease liability is remeasured based on the revised
       lease payments and lease term using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.


    (f) Intangible assets
       Intangible assets with definite useful lives are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation and
       impairment losses. Amortisation is calculated on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of 5
       years.


    (g) Inventories
       Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined using the
       weighted average basis. The cost of finished goods and work in progress comprises raw materials, direct
       labour and an appropriate proportion of all production overhead expenditure, and where appropriate,
       subcontracting charges. The costs of purchased inventory are determined after deducting rebates and
       discounts. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the
       estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.




                                                                 TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023         97
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



     4    Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)

          (h) Contract liabilities
               A contract liability is recognised when the customer pays consideration before the Group recognises the
               related revenue. A contract liability would also be recognised if the Group has an unconditional right to
               receive consideration before the Group recognises the related revenue. In such cases, a corresponding
               receivable would also be recognised.


          (i) Refund liabilities
               The Group recognises a refund liability if the Group expects to refund some or all of the consideration
               received from customers.


          (j) Recognition and derecognition of financial instruments
               Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position
               when the Group entity becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.


               Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs that
               are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other
               than financial assets and financial liabilities at FVTPL) are added to or deducted from the fair value
               of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs
               directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL are recognised
               immediately in profit or loss.


               The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset
               expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of
               the asset to another entity. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards
               of ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognises its retained interest in
               the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group retains substantially all
               the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group continues to recognise the
               financial asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the proceeds received.


               The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are
               discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial
               liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable, including any non-cash assets transferred
               or liabilities assumed, is recognised in profit or loss.


               Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the consolidated statement of
               financial position when there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is
               an intention to settle on a net basis or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The legally
               enforceable right must not be contingent on future events and must be enforceable in the normal course
               of business and in the event of default, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Group or the counterparty.




98   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



4   Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)

    (k) Financial assets
       All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date
       basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of
       assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the marketplace. All recognised
       financial assets are measured subsequently in their entirety at either amortised cost or fair value,
       depending on the classification of the financial assets.


       Debt instruments
       Debt instruments held by the Group are classified into one of the following measurement categories:


       –    amortised cost, if the instruments are held for the collection of contractual cash flows which
            represent solely payments of principal and interest. Interest income from the instruments are
            calculated using the effective interest method.


       –    Fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”) – recycling, if the contractual cash
            flows of the instruments comprise solely payments of principal and interest and the instruments
            are held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both the collection of contractual
            cash flows and sale. Changes in fair value are recognised in other comprehensive income, except
            for the recognition in profit or loss of expected credit losses (“ECL”), interest income (calculated
            using the effective interest method) and foreign exchange gains and losses. When the instruments
            are derecognised, the amount accumulated in other comprehensive income is recycled from equity
            to profit or loss.


       –    FVTPL if the instruments do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI
            (recycling). Changes in the fair value of the instruments (including interest) are recognised in profit
            or loss.


       Equity investments
       An investment in equity securities is classified as FVTPL unless the equity investment is not held for
       trading purposes and on initial recognition of the investment the Group makes an election to designate
       the investment at FVTOCI (non-recycling) such that subsequent changes in fair value are recognised
       in other comprehensive income. Such elections are made on an instrument-by-instrument basis, but
       may only be made if the investment meets the definition of equity from the issuer’s perspective. Where
       such an election is made, the amount accumulated in other comprehensive income remains in the fair
       value reserve (non-recycling) until the investment is disposed of. At the time of disposal, the amount
       accumulated in the fair value reserve (non-recycling) is transferred to retained earnings. It is not recycled
       through profit or loss. Dividends from an investment in equity securities, irrespective of whether classified
       as at FVTPL or FVTOCI, are recognised in profit or loss as other income.




                                                                  TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023      99
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



      4    Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)

           (l) Trade and other receivables
                A receivable is recognised when the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration. A right
                to receive consideration is unconditional if only the passage of time is required before payment of that
                consideration is due. If revenue has been recognised before the Group has an unconditional right to
                receive consideration, the amount is presented as a contract asset.


                Trade receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional unless they
                contain significant financing components, when they are recognised at fair value. The Group holds the
                trade receivables with the objective of collecting the contractual cash flows and therefore measures them
                subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method less allowance for credit losses.


           (m) Cash and cash equivalents
                Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand, demand deposits with banks and other
                financial institutions, and short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known
                amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, having been within
                three months of maturity at acquisition. Cash and cash equivalents are assessed for ECL.


           (n) Financial liabilities and equity instruments
                Financial liabilities and equity instruments are classified according to the substance of the contractual
                arrangements entered into and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument under
                HKFRSs. An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of the
                Group after deducting all of its liabilities. The accounting policies adopted for specific financial liabilities
                and equity instruments are set out below.


           (o) Trade and other payables
                Trade and other payables are recognised initially at their fair value and subsequently measured at
                amortised cost using the effective interest method unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial,
                in which case they are stated at cost.


           (p) Equity instruments
                An equity instrument is any contract that evidence a residual interest in the assets of an entity after
                deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recorded at the proceeds
                received, net of direct issue costs.


           (q) Derivative financial instruments
                Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value at the date a derivative contract is entered into and are
                subsequently remeasured to their fair value at the end of each reporting period.




100   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



4   Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)

    (r) Revenue, other income and finance income
       Revenue is recognised when control over a product or service is transferred to the customer, at the
       amount of promised consideration to which the Group is expected to be entitled, excluding those
       amounts collected on behalf of third parties. Revenue excludes value added tax or other sales taxes and
       is after deduction of any trade discounts.


       (i)   Sale of beauty products and bags and sample income
             The Group manufactures and sells a range of beauty products and bags to customers. Revenue
             from the sales and distribution of products is recognised when control of the products has
             transferred, being at the point the products are delivered to the customer’s premise and the
             customer has accepted the products, and there is no unfulfilled obligation that could affect the
             customer’s acceptance of the products. Delivery occurs when the products have been shipped to
             the specified location, the risks of obsolescence and loss have been transferred to the customer,
             and either the customer has accepted the products in accordance with the sales contract, the
             acceptance provisions have lapsed, or the Group has objective evidence that all criteria for
             acceptance have been satisfied.


             Revenue from these sales is recognised based on the price specified in the contract, net of
             discounts, returns and value added taxes.


       (ii) Interest income
             Interest income is presented as finance income where it is earned from financial assets that are
             held for cash management purposes. Any other interest income is included in other income.


             Interest income is recognised as it accrues using the effective interest method. For credit impaired
             financial assets, the effective interest rate is applied to the amortised cost (i.e. gross carrying
             amount net of loss allowance) of the asset.


       (iii) Dividend income
             Dividend income is recognised when the shareholders’ rights to receive payment are established.




                                                              TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023       101
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



      4    Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)

           (s) Employee benefits
                (i)   Employee leave entitlements
                      Employee entitlements to annual leave and long service leave are recognised when they accrue to
                      employees. A provision is made for the estimated liability for annual leave and long service leave as
                      a result of services rendered by employees up to the end of the reporting period.


                      Employee entitlements to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time of leave.


                (ii) Pension obligations
                      The Group contributes to defined contribution retirement schemes which are available to all
                      employees. Contributions to the schemes by the Group and employees are calculated as a
                      percentage of employees’ basic salaries. The retirement benefit scheme cost charged to profit or
                      loss represents contributions payable by the Group to the funds.


                (iii) Termination benefits
                      Termination benefits are recognised at the earlier of the dates when the Group can no longer
                      withdraw the offer of those benefits, and when the Group recognises restructuring costs and
                      involves the payment of termination benefits.


                (iv) Bonus plans
                      The Group recognises a liability and an expense for bonuses, based on a formula that takes into
                      consideration the profit attributable to the Group’s shareholders after certain adjustments. The
                      Group recognises a provision where contractually obliged or where there is a past practice that has
                      created a constructive obligation.


           (t) Government grants
                A government grant is recognised when there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with
                the conditions attaching to it and that the grant will be received.


                Government grants relating to income are deferred and recognised in profit or loss over the period to
                match them with the costs they are intended to compensate.


                Government grants that become receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred
                or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are
                recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable.




102   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



4   Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)

    (u) Taxation
       Income tax represents the sum of the current tax and deferred tax.


       The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit
       recognised in profit or loss because of items of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other
       years and items that are never taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using
       tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.


       Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
       liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the
       computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary
       differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary differences to
       the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which deductible temporary
       differences can be utilised. Such assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference
       arises from goodwill or from the initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of other assets
       and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit and at the
       time of transaction does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences.


       Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences arising on investments in
       subsidiaries, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference and it is
       probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.


       The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced
       to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part
       of the asset to be recovered.


       Deferred tax is calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period when the liability is
       settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by
       the end of the reporting period. Deferred tax is recognised in profit or loss, except when it relates to
       items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case the deferred tax is
       also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.


       The measurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities reflects the tax consequences that would follow
       from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the
       carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.




                                                                   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023          103
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



      4    Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)

           (u) Taxation (Continued)
                For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises the
                right-of-use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax deductions
                are attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.


                For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group
                applies HKAS 12 requirements to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities separately.


                Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax
                assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation
                authority and the Group intends either to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis, or to
                realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.


           (v) Impairment of non-financial assets
                The carrying amounts of non-financial assets are reviewed at each reporting date for indications of
                impairment and where an asset is impaired, it is written down as an expense through the consolidated
                statement of profit or loss to its estimated recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is determined
                for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of
                those from other assets or groups of assets. If this is the case, recoverable amount is determined for the
                cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs. Recoverable amount is the higher of value in use and
                the fair value less costs of disposal of the individual asset or the cash-generating unit.


                Value in use is the present value of the estimated future cash flows of the asset/cash-generating unit.
                Present values are computed using pre-tax discount rates that reflect the time value of money and the
                risks specific to the asset/cash-generating unit whose impairment is being measured.


                Impairment losses for cash-generating units are allocated first against the goodwill of the unit and then
                pro rata amongst the other assets of the cash-generating unit. Subsequent increases in the recoverable
                amount caused by changes in estimates are credited to profit or loss to the extent that they reverse the
                impairment.




104   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



4   Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)

    (w) Impairment of financial assets
       The Group recognises a loss allowance for ECL on trade and other receivables, amount due from a
       related party, bank and cash balances and instruments that are measured at amortised cost or at
       FVTOCI. The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since
       initial recognition of the respective financial instrument.


       The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables. The ECL on these financial assets are
       estimated using a provision matrix based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for
       factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the
       current as well as the forecast direction of conditions at the reporting date, including time value of money
       where appropriate.


       For all other financial instruments, the Group recognises lifetime ECL when there has been a significant
       increase in credit risk since initial recognition. However, if the credit risk on the financial instrument
       has not increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group measures the loss allowance for that
       financial instrument at an amount equal to 12-month ECL.


       Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of a
       financial instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to
       result from default events on a financial instrument that are possible within 12 months after the reporting
       date.


       Significant increase in credit risk
       In assessing whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial
       recognition, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument at the
       reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument at the date of initial
       recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information
       that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that
       is available without undue cost or effort. Forward-looking information considered includes the future
       prospects of the industries in which the Group’s debtors operate, obtained from economic expert reports,
       financial analysts, governmental bodies, relevant think-tanks and other similar organisations, as well as
       consideration of various external sources of actual and forecast economic information that relate to the
       Group’s core operations.




                                                                     TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023   105
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



      4    Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)

           (w) Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
                Significant increase in credit risk (Continued)
                In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has
                increased significantly since initial recognition:


                –       an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available) or
                        internal credit rating;


                –       significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk for a particular financial
                        instrument;


                –       existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are
                        expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;


                –       an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;


                –       significant increases in credit risk on other financial instruments of the same debtor;


                –       an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological
                        environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its
                        debt obligations.


                Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk on a
                financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more
                than 30 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates
                otherwise.


                Despite the foregoing, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a financial instrument has not increased
                significantly since initial recognition if the financial instrument is determined to have low credit risk at the
                reporting date. A financial instrument is determined to have low credit risk if:


                (i)     the financial instrument has a low risk of default,


                (ii)    the debtor has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term, and


                (iii)   adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the longer term may, but will not
                        necessarily, reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfil its contractual cash flow obligations.




106   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



4   Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)

    (w) Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
       Significant increase in credit risk (Continued)
       The Group considers a financial asset to have low credit risk when the asset has external credit rating
       of “investment grade” in accordance with the globally understood definition or if an external rating is not
       available, the asset has an internal rating of “performing”. Performing means that the counterparty has a
       strong financial position and there is no past due amounts.


       The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a
       significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable
       of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.


       Definition of default
       The Group considers the following as constituting an event of default for internal credit risk management
       purposes as historical experience indicates that receivables that meet either of the following criteria are
       generally not recoverable.


       –    when there is a breach of financial covenants by the counterparty; or


       –    information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is
            unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any collaterals
            held by the Group).


       Irrespective of the above analysis, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial
       asset is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to
       demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.




                                                               TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023         107
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



      4    Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)

           (w) Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
                Credit-impaired financial assets
                A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the
                estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is
                credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:


                –     significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the counterparty;


                –     a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;


                –     the lender(s) of the counterparty, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the counterparty’s
                      financial difficulty, having granted to the counterparty a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not
                      otherwise consider;


                –     it is becoming probable that the counterparty will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation;
                      or


                –     the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties.


                Write-off policy
                The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the debtor is in severe
                financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, including when the debtor has been
                placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, or in the case of trade receivables,
                when the amounts are over two years past due, whichever occurs sooner. Financial assets written off
                may still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account
                legal advice where appropriate. Any recoveries made are recognised in profit or loss.


                Measurement and recognition of ECL
                The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude
                of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default
                and loss given default is based on historical data adjusted by forward‑looking information as described
                above. As for the exposure at default, for financial assets, this is represented by the assets’ gross
                carrying amount at the reporting date.


                For financial assets, the ECL is estimated as the difference between all contractual cash flows that
                are due to the Group in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to
                receive, discounted at the original effective interest rate.




108   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



4   Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)

    (w) Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
        Measurement and recognition of ECL (Continued)
        If the Group has measured the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an amount equal to lifetime
        ECL in the previous reporting period, but determines at the current reporting date that the conditions for
        lifetime ECL are no longer met, the Group measures the loss allowance at an amount equal to 12-month
        ECL at the current reporting date, except for assets for which simplified approach was used.


        The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments with a
        corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account.


    (x) Provisions and contingent liabilities
        Provisions are recognised for liabilities of uncertain timing or amount when the Group has a present legal
        or constructive obligation arising as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of economic
        benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made. Where the time
        value of money is material, provisions are stated at the present value of the expenditures expected to
        settle the obligation. The discount rate used to determine the present value is a pre-tax rate that reflects
        current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The increase
        in the provision due to the passage of time is recognised as interest expense.


        Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be
        estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow
        is remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-
        occurrence of one or more future events are also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the probability
        of outflow is remote.


    (y) Events after the reporting period
        Events after the reporting period that provide additional information about the Group’s position at
        the end of the reporting period are adjusting events and are reflected in the consolidated financial
        statements. Events after the reporting period that are not adjusting events are disclosed in the notes to
        the consolidated financial statements when material.




                                                                TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023        109
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



      5    Critical Judgements and Key Estimates

           In applying the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in note 4, the directors are required to make
           judgements (other than those involving estimations) that have a significant impact on the amounts recognised
           and to make estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily
           apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience
           and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.


           The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting
           estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period,
           or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.


           Critical judgements in applying accounting policies
           In the process of applying the accounting policies, the directors have made the following judgements that
           have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements (apart
           from those involving estimations, which are dealt with below).


           Significant increase in credit risk
           As explained in note 4(w), ECL are measured as an allowance equal to 12-month ECL for stage 1 assets,
           or lifetime ECL for stage 2 or stage 3 assets. An asset moves to stage 2 when its credit risk has increased
           significantly since initial recognition. HKFRS 9 does not define what constitutes a significant increase in credit
           risk. In assessing whether the credit risk of an asset has significantly increased the Group takes into account
           qualitative and quantitative reasonable and supportable forward-looking information.


           Key sources of estimation uncertainty
           The key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the
           reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets
           and liabilities within the next financial year, are discussed below.


           (a) Impairment of trade receivables
                The Group uses practical expedient in estimating ECL on trade receivables using a provision matrix. The
                provision rates are based on aging of debtors as groupings of various debtors taking into consideration
                the Group’s historical default rates and forward-looking information that is reasonable and supportable
                available without undue costs or effort. At every reporting date, the historical observed default rates are
                reassessed and changes in the forward-looking information are considered.


                As at 31 December 2023, the carrying amount of trade receivables is HK$20,391,000 (net of provision
                for impairment losses of HK$6,562,000) (2022: HK$15,047,000 (net of provision for impairment losses of
                HK$5,951,000)).




110   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



5   Critical Judgements and Key Estimates (Continued)

    Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)
    (b) Impairment of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets
        Property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets are stated at costs less accumulated depreciation
        and impairment, if any. In determining whether an asset is impaired, the Group has to exercise judgment
        and make estimation, particularly in assessing: (1) whether an event has occurred or any indicators
        that may affect the asset value; (2) whether the carrying value of an asset can be supported by the
        recoverable amount, in the case of value in use, the net present value of future cash flows which are
        estimated based upon the continued use of the asset; and (3) the appropriate key assumptions to be
        applied in estimating the recoverable amounts including cash flow projections and an appropriate
        discount rate. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset (including
        right-of-use assets), the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which
        the assets belongs. Changing the assumptions and estimates, including the discount rates or the growth
        rate in the cash flow projections, could materially affect the recoverable amounts.


        The carrying amount of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets as at 31 December 2023
        were HK$34,556,000 (2022: HK$38,879,000) and HK$11,127,000 (2022: HK$11,701,000) respectively.


    (c) Deferred income tax
        As at 31 December 2023, no deferred tax asset has been recognised on the tax losses of HK$1,376,000
        due to the unpredictability of future profit streams. The realisability of the deferred tax asset mainly
        depends on whether sufficient future profits or taxable temporary differences will be available in the
        future, which is a key source of estimation uncertainty. In cases where the actual future taxable profits
        generated are less or more than expected, or change in facts and circumstances which result in revision
        of future taxable profits estimation, a material reversal or further recognition of deferred tax assets may
        arise, which would be recognised in profit or loss for the period in which such a reversal or further
        recognition takes place.




                                                                TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023       111
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



      6    Financial Risk Management

           The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: foreign currency risk, credit risk, liquidity risk and
           interest rate risk. The Group’s overall risk management programme focuses on the unpredictability of financial
           markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.


           (a) Foreign currency risk
                 The Group has certain exposure to foreign currency risk as most of its business transactions, assets
                 and liabilities are principally denominated in the functional currencies of the Group entities HK$, United
                 States dollars (“US$”) and Renminbi (“RMB”). The Group monitors its foreign currency exposure closely
                 and will consider hedging significant foreign currency exposure should the need arise.


                 The Group uses derivative financial instruments (primarily foreign currency forward contracts) to hedge
                 its risks associated with foreign currency fluctuations relating to certain firm commitments and forecasted
                 transactions. The use of financial derivatives is governed by the Group’s policies approved by the
                 board of directors of the Company, which provide written principles on the use of financial derivatives
                 consistent with the Group’s risk management strategy.


                 Since HK$ is pegged to US$, the directors are of the opinion that the foreign exchange risk arising from
                 US$ of the Group is insignificant.


           (b) Credit risk
                 Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty will not meet its obligations under a financial instrument or
                 customer contract, leading to a financial loss. The Group is exposed to credit risk from its operating
                 activities (primarily trade receivables) and from its financing activities, including deposit and
                 prepayments for a life insurance policy, deposits with banks, foreign exchange transactions and other
                 financial instruments. The Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from deposit and prepayments for a
                 life insurance policy and cash and cash equivalents is limited because the counterparties are insurance
                 company and banks and financial institutions with high credit-rating assigned by international credit-
                 rating agencies, for which the Group considers to have low credit risk.


                 Trade receivables
                 Customer credit risk is managed by each business unit subject to the Group’s established policy,
                 procedures and control relating to customer credit risk management. Individual credit evaluations are
                 performed on all customers requiring credit over a certain amount. These evaluations focus on the
                 customer’s past history of making payments when due and current ability to pay, and take into account
                 information specific to the customer as well as pertaining to the economic environment in which the
                 customer operates. Trade receivables are due within 30 days from the date of billing. Debtors with
                 balances that are more than 12 months past due are requested to settle all outstanding balances before
                 any further credit is granted. Normally, the Group does not obtain collateral from customers.




112   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



6   Financial Risk Management (Continued)

    (b) Credit risk (Continued)
        Trade receivables (Continued)
        Majority of the Group’s revenue is received from individual customers in relation to beauty products and
        bags sold and are transacted in cash or credit. The Group’s trade receivables arise from sales of beauty
        products and bags to the customers. As at the end of the year, the top three debtors and the largest
        debtor accounted for approximately 75.1% and 47.7% (2022: 68.3% and 31.2%) of the Group’s trade
        receivables balance. In order to minimise the credit risk, the management of the Group has delegated a
        team responsible for determination of credit limits and credit approvals.


        The Group measures loss allowances for trade receivables at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs, which
        is calculated using a provision matrix. The Group classifies its trade receivables by nature of customer
        accounts. These include overseas customers and the customers in the People’s Republic of China (the
        “PRC”). The loss allowances as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 were determined as
        follows:


                                                     Overall            Gross                               Net
                                                     lifetime         carrying        Lifetime         carrying
                                                   ECL rate            amount             ECL           amount
                                                                      HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000


        At 31 December 2023


        Provision for impairment losses
          on trade receivables
        Overseas customers                              5.6%            19,474           1,094           18,380
        The PRC customers                             73.1%              7,479           5,468            2,011


                                                                        26,953           6,562           20,391


        At 31 December 2022


        Provision for impairment losses
          on trade receivables
        Overseas customers                              8.3%            11,591            957            10,634
        The PRC customers                             53.1%              9,407           4,994            4,413


                                                                        20,998           5,951           15,047




                                                                TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023    113
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



      6    Financial Risk Management (Continued)

           (b) Credit risk (Continued)
                Trade receivables (Continued)
                Expected loss rates are based on actual loss experience over the past three years. These rates are
                adjusted to reflect differences between economic conditions during the period over which the historic
                data has been collected, current conditions and the Group’s view of economic conditions over the
                expected lives of the receivables.


                Movement in the loss allowance for trade receivables during the year is as follows:


                                                                                                      2023          2022
                                                                                                  HK$’000        HK$’000


                At 1 January                                                                        5,951           5,344
                Provision for impairment losses on trade receivables                                1,757           1,354
                Reversal of provision upon collection                                                 (147)             –
                Receivables written off as uncollectible                                              (950)          (572)
                Exchange difference                                                                    (49)          (175)


                At 31 December                                                                      6,562           5,951


                Financial assets at amortised cost
                All of the Group’s financial assets at amortised cost are considered to have low credit risk, and the loss
                allowance recognised during the period was therefore limited to 12-month expected losses. Management
                considers a financial asset to be low credit risk when they have low default risk and the issuer has a
                strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term.


                Financial assets at amortised cost include deposits and other receivables, amount due from a related
                party, short-term bank deposits and bank and cash balances.




114   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



6   Financial Risk Management (Continued)

    (c) Liquidity risk
        The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor current and expected liquidity requirements to ensure that it
        maintains sufficient reserves of cash to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer term.


        The maturity analysis based on contractual undiscounted cash flows of the Group’s non-derivative
        financial liabilities is as follows:


        At 31 December 2023


                                                   Less than          Between            Between
                                                       1 year    1 and 2 years      2 and 5 years                Total
                                                    HK$’000            HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000


        Trade payables                                  6,374                  –                 –               6,374
        Accruals, provisions and
          other payables                               16,463                  –                 –           16,463
        Lease liabilities                               4,099             6,314             1,676            12,089


                                                       26,936             6,314             1,676            34,926


        At 31 December 2022


                                                    Less than          Between           Between
                                                       1 year     1 and 2 years     2 and 5 years                Total
                                                     HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000            HK$’000


        Trade payables                                  4,861                  –                 –               4,861
        Accruals, provisions and
          other payables                               10,135                  –                 –           10,135
        Lease liabilities                               4,034             4,858             3,794            12,686


                                                       19,030             4,858             3,794            27,682




                                                                 TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023         115
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



      6    Financial Risk Management (Continued)

           (c) Liquidity risk (Continued)
                The following table details the Group’s liquidity analysis for its derivative financial instruments. The table
                has been drawn up based on the undiscounted gross inflows and outflows on derivatives instruments
                that require gross settlement. When the amount payable or receivable is not fixed, the amount disclosed
                has been determined by reference to the projected interest rates as illustrative by the yield curves at the
                end of the reporting period.


                At 31 December 2023


                                                                                                                   Less than
                                                                                                                       1 year
                                                                                                                    HK$’000


                Derivative – gross settlement
                Foreign currency forward contracts
                – inflow                                                                                              52,075
                – outflow                                                                                             (55,045)


                                                                                                                       (2,970)


                At 31 December 2022


                                                                                                                   Less than
                                                                                                                       1 year
                                                                                                                     HK$’000


                Derivative – gross settlement
                Foreign currency forward contracts
                – inflow                                                                                             187,271
                – outflow                                                                                           (197,535)


                                                                                                                      (10,264)




116   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



6   Financial Risk Management (Continued)

    (d) Interest rate risk
        The Group’s exposure to interest-rate risk arises from its bank deposits. These deposits bear interests at
        variable rates that vary with then prevailing market condition.


        At 31 December 2023, if interest rates had been 100 basis points lower with all other variables held
        constant, consolidated profit after tax for the year would have been HK$294,000 (2022: HK$415,000)
        lower, arising mainly as a result of lower interest income on bank balances. If interest rates had been 100
        basis points higher, with all other variables held constant, consolidated profit after tax for the year would
        have been HK$294,000 (2022: HK$415,000) higher, arising mainly as a result of higher interest income
        on bank balances.


    (e) Categories of financial instruments as at 31 December 2023

                                                                                             2023              2022
                                                                                         HK$’000            HK$’000


        Financial assets:
        Financial assets at FVTPL:
          – Listed equity securities                                                        1,590              1,950
        Financial assets measured at amortised cost                                       223,404           202,738


        Financial liabilities:
        Derivative financial instruments                                                         –             2,769
        Financial liabilities at amortised cost                                            22,837            14,996
        Lease liabilities                                                                  11,531            12,141


    (f) Fair values
        The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities as reflected in the
        consolidated statement of financial position approximate their respective fair values.




                                                                 TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023        117
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



      7    Fair Value Measurements

           Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
           transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The following disclosures of fair value
           measurements use a fair value hierarchy that categorises into three levels the inputs to valuation techniques
           used to measure fair value:


           Level 1 inputs: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Group can
           access at the measurement date.


           Level 2 inputs: inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or
           liability, either directly or indirectly.


           Level 3 inputs: unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.


           (a)   Disclosures of level in fair value hierarchy at 31 December 2023:


                                                                 Fair value measurements using                          Total
                 Description                                    Level 1          Level 2           Level 3              2023
                                                               HK$’000          HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000


                 Recurring fair value
                    measurements:
                 Financial assets
                 Financial assets at FVTPL
                    Listed equity securities                      1,590                 –                 –             1,590


                 Recurring fair value
                    measurements:
                 Financial liabilities
                 Derivatives
                    Foreign currency forward
                      contracts                                        –                –                 –                 –




118   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



7   Fair Value Measurements (Continued)

    (a)   Disclosures of level in fair value hierarchy at 31 December 2023: (Continued)


                                                        Fair value measurements using                      Total
          Description                                  Level 1          Level 2            Level 3         2022
                                                     HK$’000           HK$’000            HK$’000      HK$’000


          Recurring fair value
            measurements:
          Financial assets
          Financial assets at FVTPL
            Listed equity securities                    1,950                 –                 –         1,950


          Recurring fair value
            measurements:
          Financial liabilities
          Derivatives
            Foreign currency forward
              contracts                                      –            2,769                 –         2,769




                                                                 TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023   119
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



      7    Fair Value Measurements (Continued)

           (b)   Disclosure of valuation process used by the Group and valuation techniques used in fair value
                 measurements at 31 December 2023:


                 The Group’s financial controller is responsible for the fair value measurements of assets and liabilities
                 required for financial reporting purposes, including level 3 fair value measurements. The financial
                 controller reports directly to the board of directors of the Company for these fair value measurements.
                 Discussions of valuation processes and results are held between the financial controller and the board of
                 directors of the Company at least twice a year.


                 Level 2 fair value measurements

                                                                                                           Fair value
                                         Valuation                                           2023                            2022
                 Description             technique         Inputs                       Assets      Liabilities         Assets      Liabilities
                                                                                       HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000


                 Derivatives – foreign   Income approach   Market forward rate               –               –              –           2,769
                   currency forward
                   contracts                               Time to maturity


                                                           Risk-free rate


                                                           Fair value of forward
                                                             contract without credit
                                                             valuation adjustment/
                                                             debit valuation
                                                             adjustment


                                                           Credit rating


                                                           Credit valuation
                                                             adjustment/debit
                                                             valuation adjustment




120   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



8   Revenue

    Disaggregation of revenue
    The Group is principally engaged in the design, development, manufacture and sale of beauty products, and
    the design, development and sale of beauty bags. Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers
    by major products for the year is as follows:


                                                                                       2023             2022
                                                                                   HK$’000          HK$’000


    Revenue from contracts with customers within the scope
      of HKFRS 15
    Disaggregated by major products
      Sales of beauty products
        – Cosmetic and other products                                               183,539          168,431
        – Hand sanitiser                                                                410           10,824
      Sales of beauty bags                                                           31,642           30,045


                                                                                    215,591          209,300


    Timing of revenue recognition:
      At a point in time                                                            215,591          209,300




                                                             TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023    121
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



      8    Revenue (Continued)

           Disaggregation of revenue (Continued)
           The Group derives revenue from the transfer of goods at a point in time in the following geographical regions:


                                                     Design, development,
                                                     manufacture and sale     Design, development
                                                      of beauty products     and sale of beauty bags         Total
                                                       2023          2022       2023          2022       2023          2022
                                                     HK$’000       HK$’000    HK$’000       HK$’000    HK$’000       HK$’000


           Primary geographical markets
           United States of America (“USA”)            87,048      108,928      31,111        29,149   118,159       138,077
           The PRC                                     25,341       17,716           –             –    25,341        17,716
           Mexico                                       6,512        4,766           –             –     6,512         4,766
           Belgium                                      1,264        2,532           –             –     1,264         2,532
           Canada                                       3,764        4,013           –             –     3,764         4,013
           United Kingdom                              49,132       20,830         205             –    49,337        20,830
           Ireland                                      9,330       14,027           –             –     9,330        14,027
           Hong Kong                                      836        5,677           –             –       836         5,677
           Other countries                                722          766         326           896     1,048         1,662


                                                      183,949      179,255      31,642        30,045   215,591       209,300


           Timing of revenue recognition
           Products transferred at a point in time    183,949      179,255      31,642        30,045   215,591       209,300




122   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



9   Other Income

                                                                                                             2023                 2022
                                                                                                        HK$’000              HK$’000


    Dividend income                                                                                             52                   49
    Sample income                                                                                               45                   52
    Government grants (note (a))                                                                            1,287                  335
    Reversal of provision upon collection                                                                     147                     –
    Reversal of long service payment                                                                          142                     –
    Net premium income on a life insurance policy                                                             156                     –
    Others                                                                                                       –                   40


                                                                                                            1,829                  476


    Note:


    (a)     In 2023, the Group recognised government grants of HK$1,287,000 (2022: HK$335,000) in respect of Dedicated Fund on Branding,
            Upgrading and Domestic Sales, SME Export Marketing Fund and a grant obtained from the PRC government to subsidise to the
            operating costs of a subsidiary (2022: COVID-19 related subsidies from HKSAR government). The Group has complied with all
            attached conditions and no unfulfilled condition as at 31 December 2023 (2022: same).




10 Other Gains/(Losses), Net

                                                                                                             2023                 2022
                                                                                                        HK$’000              HK$’000


    Exchange gains, net                                                                                       567                  507
    Net fair value losses on financial assets at FVTPL                                                       (377)                (423)
    Realised loss on derivative financial instruments                                                        (138)              (7,607)
    Unrealised loss on derivative financial instruments                                                          –              (2,739)
    Others                                                                                                     (36)                  34


                                                                                                                16             (10,228)




                                                                                 TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023           123
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



      11 Segment Information

           Management has determined the operating segments based on the reports reviewed by the chief operating
           decision maker that are used for making strategic decisions. The chief operating decision-maker is identified as
           executive directors of the Company. The executive directors consider the business from a product perspective
           and assess the performance of the operating segments based on a measure of gross profit for the purposes
           of allocating resources. No analysis of segment assets or segment liabilities is regularly provided to the chief
           operating decision-maker. These reports are prepared on the same basis as these consolidated financial
           statements.


           The management has identified two operating segments based on the types of goods, namely (i) design,
           development, manufacture and sale of beauty products and (ii) design, development and sale of beauty bags.


           The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as those described in note 4 to the
           consolidated financial statements. Segment profit do not include unallocated administrative expenses, selling
           and distribution expenses, other income, other gains and losses, provision for impairment losses on trade
           receivables, finance income and costs and income tax expenses/credit.


           (a) The segment information provided to the chief operating decision-maker are as follows:
                For the year ended 31 December 2023


                                                                               Design,
                                                                        development,
                                                                         manufacture             Design,
                                                                           and sale of     development
                                                                                beauty       and sale of
                                                                             products       beauty bags              Total
                                                                              HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000


                Revenue from external customers                                183,949            31,642          215,591


                Intersegment revenue                                           109,566             1,911          111,477


                Segment profit                                                  88,620             9,354            97,974


                Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                    4,916               846             5,762


                Depreciation of right-of-use assets                              3,601               619             4,220


                Provision for impairment losses on trade receivables             1,499               258             1,757




124   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



11 Segment Information (Continued)

   (a) The segment information provided to the chief operating decision-maker are as follows: (Continued)
        For the year ended 31 December 2022


                                                                     Design,
                                                               development,
                                                                manufacture           Design,
                                                                  and sale of    development
                                                                      beauty      and sale of
                                                                    products     beauty bags                Total
                                                                    HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000


        Revenue from external customers                              179,255          30,045          209,300


        Intersegment revenue                                         121,884            8,862         130,746


        Segment profit                                                94,869          10,358          105,227


        Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                  5,098             855            5,953


        Depreciation of right-of-use assets                            3,396             569            3,965


        Provision for impairment losses on trade receivables           1,160             194            1,354




                                                               TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023      125
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



      11 Segment Information (Continued)

           (b) Reconciliations of segment revenue and profit or loss

                                                                          2023        2022
                                                                       HK$’000     HK$’000


                Revenue
                Total revenue of reportable segments                   327,068     340,046
                Elimination of intersegment revenue                    (111,477)   (130,746)


                Consolidated revenue                                   215,591     209,300


                Profit or loss
                Total profit or loss of reportable segments             97,974     105,227
                Elimination of intersegment profit                      (22,569)    (34,660)
                Other income                                              1,829        476
                Other gains/(losses), net                                   16      (10,228)
                Administrative expenses                                 (48,814)    (40,272)
                Selling and distribution expenses                       (16,992)    (19,874)
                Provision for impairment losses on trade receivables     (1,757)     (1,354)
                Finance income, net                                       5,854       1,543


                Consolidated profit before taxation                     15,541         858




126   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



11 Segment Information (Continued)

   (c) Geographical information
      The Group’s revenue from continuing operations from external customers by location of operations and
      information about its non-current assets by location of assets are detailed below:


                                                                  Revenue                              Non-current assets
                                                                2023                  2022                   2023           2022
                                                           HK$’000               HK$’000               HK$’000        HK$’000


      USA                                                   118,159               138,077                       –               –
      The PRC                                                25,341                 17,716                  42,515      47,370
      Mexico                                                   6,512                 4,766                      –               –
      Belgium                                                  1,264                 2,532                      –               –
      Canada                                                   3,764                 4,013                      –               –
      United Kingdom                                         49,337                 20,830                      –               –
      Ireland                                                  9,330                14,027                      –               –
      Hong Kong                                                  836                 5,677                   5,093          4,039
      Other countries                                          1,048                 1,662                      –               –


      Consolidated total                                    215,591               209,300                   47,608      51,409


   (d) Revenue from major customers
      Revenue from major customers who have individually contributed to 10% or more of the total revenue of
      the Group are disclosed as follow:


                                                                                                             2023           2022
                                                                                                       HK$’000        HK$’000


      Design, development, manufacture and sale of beauty
          products segment
      Customer A                                                                                            63,694      86,303
      Customer B                                                                                            33,814              *
      Customer C                                                                                            29,462      21,172


      Design, development and sale of beauty bags segment
      Customer A                                                                                            23,437      21,088


      *     The amount of revenue from such customer was less than 10% of the total revenue of that year.




                                                                          TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023           127
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



      12 Finance Income, Net

                                                                                                      2023              2022
                                                                                                   HK$’000            HK$’000


           Finance income
           Bank interest income                                                                        6,111              1,813


           Finance costs
           Interest expense on lease liabilities (note 19)                                              (257)              (270)


           Finance income, net                                                                         5,854              1,543



      13 Income Tax Expenses/(Credit)

           Income tax has been recognised in profit or loss as following:

                                                                                                      2023              2022
                                                                                                   HK$’000            HK$’000


           Current tax
             Provision for the year                                                                    1,081                608
             Over-provision in prior year                                                               (404)              (869)


                                                                                                         677               (261)


           Deferred income tax (note 24)                                                                 206               111


                                                                                                         883               (150)


           Under the two-tiered Profits Tax regime, the first HK$2 million of profits of the qualifying group entity established
           in Hong Kong will be taxed at 8.25% (2022: 8.25%), and profits above that amount will be subject to the tax
           rate of 16.5% (2022: 16.5%). The profits of the group entities not qualifying for the two-tiered Profit Tax rate
           regime will continue to be taxed at a rate of 16.5% (2022: 16.5%).


           Under the Law of the PRC Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation Regulation of the EIT
           Law, has been provided at a rate of 25% (2022: 25%), except that Cosbe Laboratory Inc, a wholly owned
           subsidiary of the Group, was granted with the High and New Technology Enterprise status in December 2022,
           being valid for 3 years, and therefore it is entitled to a preferential tax rate of 15% (2022: 15%).


           No overseas profits tax has been calculated for subsidiaries of the Group that are incorporated in the BVI, the
           Cayman Islands or USA as they have no assessable income for the reporting period (2022: nil).



128   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



13 Income Tax Expenses/(Credit) (Continued)

   The reconciliation between the income tax expenses/(credit) and the product of profit before tax multiplied by
   the applicable tax rates is as follows:


                                                                                            2023             2022
                                                                                         HK$’000         HK$’000


   Profit before taxation                                                                 15,541              858


   Tax calculated at a tax rate of 16.5% (2022: 16.5%)                                      2,564             141
   Effect of different taxation rates in another jurisdiction                                (134)              (7)
   Tax effect of temporary difference                                                        (211)          1,849
   Tax effect of income that is not taxable                                                (1,043)           (538)
   Tax effect of research and development tax credit                                         (824)           (736)
   Tax effect of expenses that are not deductible                                            873              425
   Tax losses utilised                                                                          –            (325)
   Tax losses not recognised                                                                 227               75
   Over-provision in prior year                                                              (404)           (869)
   Tax concession under two-tiered profits tax rates regime in Hong Kong                     (165)           (165)


   Income tax expenses/(credit)                                                              883             (150)



14 Profit for the Year

   The Group’s profit for the year is stated after charging the following:


                                                                                            2023             2022
                                                                                         HK$’000         HK$’000


   Auditor’s remuneration                                                                    690              690
   Amortisation of intangible asset                                                           24              102
   Cost of inventories sold                                                              130,145          129,881
   Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                            5,762           5,953
   Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                      4,220           3,965
   Provision for impairment losses on trade receivables                                     1,757           1,354
   Research and development expenditure                                                     7,114           7,024


   Cost of inventories sold includes staff costs of approximately HK$12,677,000 (2022: HK$10,920,000) which
   are included in the amounts disclosed separately.



                                                                   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023    129
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



      15 Employee Benefit Expenses, excluding Benefits and Interests of
         Directors

                                                                                                  2023              2022
                                                                                              HK$’000           HK$’000


           Salaries, bonuses and allowances                                                     14,917            14,571
           Pension costs – defined contribution plan                                             2,044             2,039
           Other employee benefits                                                                 743               617


                                                                                                17,704            17,227


           (a) Pensions – defined contribution plans
                The Group contributes to defined contribution retirement plans which are available for eligible employees
                in the PRC and Hong Kong.


                Pursuant to the relevant laws and regulations in the People’s Republic of China, the Group has joined
                defined contribution retirement schemes for the employees arranged by local government labour
                and security authorities (the “PRC Retirement Schemes”). The Group makes contributions to the PRC
                Retirement Schemes at the applicable rates based on the amounts stipulated by the local government
                organisations. Upon retirement, the local government labour and security authorities are responsible for
                the payment of the retirement benefits to the retired employees.


                The Group operates a Mandatory Provident Fund scheme (the “MPF Scheme”) under the Mandatory
                Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance (Chapter 485 of the laws of Hong Kong) for employees employed
                under the jurisdiction of Hong Kong Employment Ordinance (Chapter 57 of the laws of Hong Kong). The
                MPF Scheme is a defined contribution retirement plan administered by independent trustees. Under the
                MPF Scheme, the employer and the employees are each required to make contributions to the plan at 5%
                of the employees’ relevant income, subject to a cap of monthly relevant income of HK$30,000.


                During the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, the Group had no forfeited contributions under the
                PRC Retirement Scheme and MPF Scheme and which may be used by the Group to reduce the existing
                level of contributions. There were also no forfeited contributions available at 31 December 2023 and
                2022 under the PRC Retirement Scheme and MPF Scheme which may be used by the Group to reduce
                the contribution payable in future years.




130   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



15 Employee Benefit Expenses, excluding Benefits and Interests of
   Directors (Continued)

   (b) Five highest paid individuals
       The five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in the Group for the year include three (2022:
       three) directors whose emoluments are reflected in the analysis presented in note 16. The emoluments
       payable to the remaining two (2022: two) individuals during the year are as follows:


                                                                                          2023           2022
                                                                                      HK$’000         HK$’000


       Salaries, other allowances and benefits                                            1,203         1,011
       Pension cost – defined contribution plan                                               36             36


                                                                                          1,239         1,047


       The emoluments fell within the following band:


                                                                                     Number of individuals
                                                                                          2023           2022


       Nil to HK$1,000,000                                                                     2              2


       No directors or any of the five highest paid individuals received any emoluments from the Group as an
       inducement to join or upon joining the Group or compensation for loss of office.




                                                               TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023    131
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



      16 Benefits and Interests of Directors

           (a) Directors’ emoluments
                For the year ended 31 December 2023

                                                       Emoluments paid or receivable in respect of a person’s services as a director,
                                                                       whether of the Company or its subsidiary
                                                                                              Other
                                                                                        allowances                             Defined
                                                                                       and benefits Discretionary        contribution
                Name                                         Fee         Salaries            in kind        bonuses pension costs               Total
                                                         HK$’000         HK$’000           HK$’000          HK$’000           HK$’000         HK$’000


                Executive directors
                Mr. Or Naam, Chief Executive Officer             –             3,013             2,051             2,500                18      7,582
                Ms. Chan                                         –             2,784               340             2,300                18      5,442
                Mr. Or Huen                                      –             2,775               940             2,500                18      6,233

                Independent non-executive directors
                Mr. Tan Chong Huat                             120                 –                 –                 –                 –        120
                Mr. Sung Chi Keung                             120                 –                 –                 –                 –        120
                Mr. Hui Ha Lam                                 120                 –                 –                 –                 –        120


                                                               360             8,572             3,331             7,300                54     19,617


                For the year ended 31 December 2022

                                                         Emoluments paid or receivable in respect of a person’s services as a director,
                                                                         whether of the Company or its subsidiary
                                                                                                 Other
                                                                                           allowances                              Defined
                                                                                         and benefits      Discretionary       contribution
                Name                                          Fee          Salaries             in kind         bonuses pension costs            Total
                                                          HK$’000         HK$’000             HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000     HK$’000


                Executive directors
                Mr. Or Naam, Chief Executive Officer             –             2,275             1,687               900                18      4,880
                Ms. Chan                                         –             2,145                 –               900                18      3,063
                Mr. Or Huen                                      –             2,187                 –               900                18      3,105

                Independent non-executive directors
                Mr. Tan Chong Huat                             120                 –                 –                 –                 –        120
                Mr. Sung Chi Keung                             120                 –                 –                 –                 –        120
                Mr. Hui Ha Lam                                 120                 –                 –                 –                 –        120


                                                               360             6,607             1,687             2,700                54     11,408


                There was no arrangement under which a director waived or agreed to waive any emoluments during the
                year (2022: same).


132   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



16 Benefits and Interests of Directors (Continued)

   (b) Directors’ retirement benefits and termination benefits
        Save as disclosed in note 16(a), the directors did not receive any other retirement benefits or termination
        benefits during the year (2022: nil).


   (c) Consideration provided to third parties for making available directors’
       services
        During the year, no consideration was provided to or receivable by third parties for making available
        directors services (2022: nil).


   (d) Information about loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of
       directors, controlled bodies corporate and connected entities with such
       directors
        As at the end of the year, there are no loans, quasi-loans and other dealing arrangements in favour of
        directors, their controlled bodies corporate and connected entities (2022: nil).


   (e) Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts
        Save as disclosed in note 39, no significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the
        Group’s business to which the Group was a party and in which a director of the Company had a material
        interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year (2022:
        nil).



17 Earnings per Share

   Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company,
   by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year.


                                                                                               2023               2022


   Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company (in HK$’000)                    14,658              1,008
   Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of basic
     earnings per share                                                                400,000,000        400,000,000
   Basic earnings per share attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the
     Company (in HK cents)                                                                       3.7                0.3


   Diluted earnings per share is equal to basic earnings per share as there were no dilutive potential shares.




                                                                  TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023          133
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



      18 Property, Plant and Equipment

                                         Leasehold    Construction   Plant and    Furniture and      Motor
                                      improvements     in progress   machinery      equipment      vehicles      Total
                                           HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000


           Cost
           At 1 January 2022                38,985               –      30,175          12,338       3,352      84,850
           Additions                           719               –        568              117            –      1,404
           Exchange difference                (934)              –      (1,742)           (386)         (62)    (3,124)


           At 31 December 2022 and
             1 January 2023                 38,770               –      29,001          12,069       3,290      83,130
           Additions                             –           1,505        562              418            –      2,485
           Exchange difference                (716)             5         (818)           (130)         (20)    (1,679)


           At 31 December 2023              38,054           1,510      28,745          12,357       3,270      83,936


           Accumulated depreciation
           At 1 January 2022                11,647               –      13,500           9,777       3,078      38,002
           Charge for the year               3,566               –       1,899             416          72       5,953
           Exchange difference               1,622               –      (1,042)           (243)         (41)      296


           At 31 December 2022 and
             1 January 2023                 16,835               –      14,357           9,950       3,109      44,251
           Charge for the year               3,392               –       1,908             410          52       5,762
           Exchange difference                (129)              –        (399)             (89)        (16)      (633)


           At 31 December 2023              20,098               –      15,866          10,271       3,145      49,380


           Carrying value
           At 31 December 2023              17,956           1,510      12,879           2,086         125      34,556


           At 31 December 2022              21,935               –      14,644           2,119         181      38,879




134   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



19 Right-of-use Assets

                                                                                                       Buildings
                                                                                                         HK$’000


   At 1 January 2022                                                                                       15,285
   Additions                                                                                                1,372
   Depreciation                                                                                            (3,965)
   Exchange difference                                                                                       (991)


   At 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023                                                                  11,701
   Additions                                                                                                3,878
   Depreciation                                                                                            (4,220)
   Exchange difference                                                                                       (232)


   At 31 December 2023                                                                                     11,127


   Lease liabilities of HK$11,531,000 (2022: HK$12,141,000) are recognised with related right-of-use assets of
   HK$11,127,000 as at 31 December 2023 (2022: HK$11,701,000). The lease agreements do not impose any
   covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may
   not be used as security for borrowing purposes.


                                                                                           2023              2022
                                                                                        HK$’000          HK$’000


   Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                     4,220            3,965
   Interest expense on lease liabilities (included in finance costs)                        257               270
   Expenses relating to short-term lease (included in selling and
     distribution expenses)                                                                 143                67


   For both years, the Group leases office premises and factories for its operations. Lease contracts are entered
   into for fixed term of two years to ten years (2022: two years to ten years), but may have extension and
   termination options as described below. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide
   range of different terms and conditions. In determining the lease term and assessing the length of the non-
   cancellable period, the Group applies the definition of a contract and determines the period for which the
   contract is enforceable.




                                                                  TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023    135
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



      20 Intangible Asset

                                                                   Computer
                                                                    software
                                                                    HK$’000


           Cost
           At 1 January 2022                                            919
           Exchange difference                                           (72)


           At 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023                       847
           Exchange difference                                           (24)


           At 31 December 2023                                          823


           Accumulated amortisation
           At 1 January 2022                                            757
           Amortisation for the year                                    102
           Exchange difference                                           (58)


           At 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023                       801
           Amortisation for the year                                     24
           Exchange difference                                           (22)


           At 31 December 2023                                          803


           Carrying amount
           At 31 December 2023                                           20


           At 31 December 2022                                           46




136   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



21 Investments in Subsidiaries

   The Group’s principal subsidiaries at the end of the year are set out below. Unless otherwise stated, they have
   share capital consisting solely of ordinary shares that are held by the Group, and the proportion of ownership
   interests held equals the voting rights held by the Group.

                                    Principal country of
                                    operation/Country of             Particular      Attributable effective equity
                                    incorporation/Kind of            of issued        interest to the Company
   Name of entity                   legal entity                  share capital           as at 31 December            Principal activities
                                                                                            2023               2022


   Directly held
   Alpha Business Global Limited BVI, limited liability                   US$1              100%              100%     Investment holding
                                  company

   Ulrich Developments Limited      BVI, limited liability           US$50,000              100%              100%     Investment holding
                                     company

   Indirectly held
   Full Colour Developments         BVI, limited liability                US$1              100%              100%     Investment holding
     Limited                         company

   Dawning Beauty Limited           BVI, limited liability                US$1              100%              100%     Investment holding
                                     company

   Takbo Limited                    Hong Kong, limited              HK$10,000               100%              100%     Design, development and
                                     liability company                                                                  sale of beauty products
                                                                                                                        and beauty bags

   B&B (H.K.) Limited               Hong Kong, limited                    HK$2              100%              100%     Investment holding
                                     liability company

   Cosbe Laboratory lnc.*           PRC, limited liability       RMB39,000,000              100%              100%     Design, development,
    (廣東一芙化妝品有限公司)                    company (note)                                                                     manufacture and sale of
                                                                                                                        beauty products

   Takbo USA, Inc.                  USA, limited liability               US$10              100%              100%     Design, development and
                                     company                                                                            sale of beauty bags

   Minimax Corporation Limited      Hong Kong, limited                    HK$1              100%              100%     Design and registration of
                                     liability company                                                                  trademarks

   Minimax Corporation Limited      USA, limited liability               US$10              100%              100%     Inactive
                                     company

   德寶(廣州)化妝品有限公司                    PRC, limited liability        RMB1,000,000              100%     Not applicable    Design, development and
                                     company                                                                            sale of beauty products

   Note: Cosbe Laboratory Inc. is a limited liability company established in Shantou, the PRC for a term of 36 years up to 27 June 2038.


   *      The English name is for identification purpose only.




                                                                                  TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023                   137
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



      22 Deposit and Prepayments for a Life Insurance Policy

           On 22 June 2022, the Group entered into a life insurance policy (the “Policy”) with an insurance company
           which is a subsidiary of a bank in Hong Kong to insure a member of the key management of the Group. Under
           the policy, the beneficiary and policy holder is the Company. The Company has paid the total insurance
           premium amounted to approximately US$650,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$5,070,000) at the inception
           of the Policy. The Company can terminate the Policy at any time and receive an amount based on the
           surrender value of the contract at the date of withdrawal, which is determined by the insurance premium of
           insurance policy paid plus the accumulated interest earned and less the insurance costs in accordance with
           the terms and conditions of the Policy. There will be a special amount of surrender expense to be charged
           by the insurance company, if the withdrawal is made between the first and fifteen policy years. The insurance
           company guaranteed an interest of 4.1% per annum for the first five years. Commencing from the sixth year,
           the guaranteed interest will be reduced to 2% per annum.


           The policy exposes the insurer to significant insurance risk. The gross premium paid at inception of the Policy
           consists of a deposit placed element and a prepayment for life insurance element. These two elements
           are recognised on the consolidated statement of financial position at the aggregate of the amount of gross
           premium paid plus interest earned, and after deducting the annual cost of insurance, other applicable charges
           as well as the applicable surrender charge.


           The directors of the Company consider that the expected life of the Policy remains unchanged from the date of
           initial recognition and the financial impact of the option to terminate the Policy was not significant.


           As at 31 December 2023, the carrying amount of deposit and prepayments for a life insurance policy is
           HK$4,438,000 (2022: HK$4,282,000).



      23 Financial Assets at FVTPL

                                                                                                        2023           2022
                                                                                                    HK$’000          HK$’000


           Equity securities, at fair value
             Listed in Hong Kong                                                                       1,590           1,950


           Analysed as:
             Current assets                                                                            1,590           1,950


           The carrying amounts of the above financial assets are mandatorily measured at FVTPL in accordance with
           HKFRS 9.




138   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



23 Financial Assets at FVTPL (Continued)

   The investments included above represent investments in listed equity securities that offer the Group the
   opportunity for return through dividend income and fair value gains. They have no fixed maturity or coupon
   rate.


   The fair values of listed securities are based on current bid prices.


   The fair value of financial assets at FVTPL are within level 1 (2022: level 1) of fair value hierarchy (note 7).



24 Deferred Tax Assets

   The analysis of deferred tax assets is as follows:


                                                                                                 2023                 2022
                                                                                             HK$’000            HK$’000


   Deferred tax assets
     – to be recovered after more than 12 months                                                  968                 1,188


   The net movement on the deferred tax assets account is as follows:


                                                                                                 2023                 2022
                                                                                             HK$’000            HK$’000


   At 1 January                                                                                 1,188                 1,350
   Recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss (note 13)                          (206)                 (111)
   Exchange difference                                                                             (14)                 (51)


   At 31 December                                                                                 968                 1,188




                                                                    TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023            139
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



      24 Deferred Tax Assets (Continued)

           The movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities during the year, without taking into consideration the
           offsetting of balances within the same tax jurisdiction, are as follows:


                                                      Accelerated tax
                                                          depreciation        Provisions       Tax losses         Total
                                                              HK$’000            HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000


           At 1 January 2022                                         43               1,131          176          1,350
           Credited/(charged) to the profit or loss
             for the year (note 13)                                 255               (190)          (176)         (111)
           Exchange difference                                        –                 (51)            –           (51)


           At 31 December 2022 and
             1 January 2023                                         298                890              –         1,188
           Credited/(charged) to the profit or loss
             for the year (note 13)                                  12               (218)             –          (206)
           Exchange difference                                        –                 (14)            –           (14)


           At 31 December 2023                                      310                658              –           968


           As at the end of the year, deferred tax liabilities of approximately HK$3,366,000 (2022: HK$2,823,000) have
           not been recognised for the withholding tax that would be payable on the unremitted retained earnings of
           the Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC amounting to approximately HK$33,657,000 (2022: HK$28,229,000). No
           liability has been recognised in respect of these differences because the timing of reversal of the temporary
           differences were under control by the Group and the Group’s subsidiaries and it is probable that such
           differences will not be reversed in the foreseeable future.




140   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



25 Inventories

                                                                                         2023              2022
                                                                                      HK$’000          HK$’000


   Raw materials                                                                          190               193
   Work in progress                                                                       755             1,154
   Finished goods                                                                        1,585            2,293


                                                                                         2,530            3,640


   The cost of inventories included in cost of sales during the year amounted to approximately HK$130,145,000
   (2022: HK$129,881,000).



26 Trade Receivables

                                                                                         2023              2022
                                                                                      HK$’000          HK$’000


   Trade receivables                                                                   26,953            20,998
   Provision for impairment losses                                                      (6,562)          (5,951)


                                                                                       20,391            15,047


   The Group’s trading terms with customers are mainly on credit. The credit terms generally range from 30 to
   120 days (2022: 30 to 120 days). Each customer has a maximum credit limit. For new customers, payment
   in advance is normally required. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables.
   Overdue balances are reviewed regularly by the directors.


   The aging analysis of trade receivables based on the invoice date is as follows:


                                                                                         2023              2022
                                                                                      HK$’000          HK$’000


   0 to 90 days                                                                        19,287            10,968
   91 to 180 days                                                                        1,810            1,727
   181 to 365 days                                                                        926             3,811
   Over 365 days                                                                         4,930            4,492


                                                                                       26,953            20,998


                                                                TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023    141
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



      26 Trade Receivables (Continued)

           The Group applies the HKFRS 9 simplified approach to measure ECL which uses a lifetime expected loss
           allowance for all trade receivables. To measure the ECL, these receivables have been grouped based on
           shared credit risk characteristics and the aging from billing.


           Information about the impairment of trade receivables, the calculation of the provisions and the Group’s
           exposure to credit risk can be found in note 6(b).


           The maximum exposure to credit risk is the carrying amounts of trade receivables. The Group does not hold
           any collateral as security. The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade receivables are denominated in the
           following currencies:


                                                                                                     2023       2022
                                                                                                  HK$’000   HK$’000


           US$                                                                                     16,634     10,592
           RMB                                                                                      3,746      4,413
           HK$                                                                                         11         42


                                                                                                   20,391     15,047



      27 Amount due from a Related Party

                                                                                                     2023       2022
                                                                                                  HK$’000   HK$’000


           Amount due from Shantou Baoma Processing Complex Company Limited                           113        144


           As at 31 December 2023, there was no impairment for the amount due from a related party, as the amount was
           not past due and the related party had no history of default in payment (2022: nil).


           The balances were trade in nature, unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.




142   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



27 Amount due from a Related Party (Continued)

   The carrying amount of the Group’s amount due from a related party are denominated in the following
   currency:


                                                                                                                  2023                2022
                                                                                                             HK$’000              HK$’000


   RMB                                                                                                                113               144



28 Short-term Bank Deposits and Bank and Cash Balances

                                                                                                                  2023                2022
                                                                                                             HK$’000              HK$’000


   Short-term bank deposits (note (a))                                                                           6,577                     –


   Cash on hand                                                                                                         19               16
   Cash at banks                                                                                                29,910              44,074
   Bank deposits with original maturities of three months or less                                             157,042              136,372


   Bank and cash balances (note (b))                                                                          186,971              180,462


   Notes:


   (a)      Short-term bank deposits are denominated in the following currency:


                                                                                                                      2023              2022
                                                                                                                HK$’000             HK$’000



            RMB                                                                                                       6,577                –


            As at 31 December 2023, the average effective interest rate on short-term bank deposits was 2.6% per annum. The short-term bank
            deposits of the Group had an average maturity of 141 days.


            As at 31 December 2023, the short-term bank deposits of the Group denominated in Renminbi (“RMB”) held in banks in the PRC
            amounted to HK$6,577,000 (2022: HK$Nil). Conversion of these RMB into foreign currencies is subject to the PRC’s Foreign Exchange
            Control Regulations and Administration of Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations.




                                                                                  TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023               143
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



      28 Short-term Bank Deposits and Bank and Cash Balances
         (Continued)

           Notes: (Continued)


           (b)   Bank and cash balances are denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                                                       2023                 2022
                                                                                                                   HK$’000              HK$’000


                 HK$                                                                                                 10,503               19,518
                 US$                                                                                                143,869              116,442
                 RMB                                                                                                 32,566               44,481
                 Others                                                                                                  33                   21


                                                                                                                    186,971              180,462



                 As at 31 December 2023, the bank and cash balances of the Group denominated in Renminbi (“RMB”) held in banks in the PRC
                 amounted to HK$28,832,000 (2022: HK$44,437,000). Conversion of these RMB into foreign currencies is subject to the PRC’s Foreign
                 Exchange Control Regulations and Administration of Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations.




      29 Derivative Financial Instruments

                                                                                                                      2023                2022
                                                                                                                 HK$’000              HK$’000


           Foreign currency forward contracts                                                                             –               2,769


           As at 31 December 2023, the Group has not entered into any foreign currency forward contracts (2022:
           entered into foreign currency forward contracts to sell US$ and buy RMB). The fair values of the derivatives are
           determined with reference to the market exchange rate at year end and the fixed forward rates stated in the
           contracts.




144   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



29 Derivative Financial Instruments (Continued)

   The notional amounts and maturity date of RMB and US$ to be acquired or sold under foreign currency
   forward contracts are set out below:


   2022


   Notional amount                        Maturity                                                 In exchange for


   Sell US$400,000                        17 January 2023                                           RMB2,600,800
   Sell US$600,000                        19 January 2023                                           RMB3,918,000
   Sell US$1,000,000                      30 January 2023                                           RMB6,500,000
   Sell US$400,000                        17 February 2023                                          RMB2,600,800
   Sell US$600,000                        20 February 2023                                          RMB3,918,000
   Sell US$1,000,000                      1 March 2023                                              RMB6,500,000
   Sell US$400,000                        16 March 2023                                             RMB2,600,800
   Sell US$600,000                        20 March 2023                                             RMB3,918,000
   Sell US$1,000,000                      31 March 2023                                             RMB6,500,000
   Sell US$400,000                        17 April 2023                                             RMB2,600,800
   Sell US$600,000                        20 April 2023                                             RMB3,918,000


30 Trade Payables

   The aging analysis of the trade payables based on invoice dates as at the end of the year is as follows:


                                                                                            2023              2022
                                                                                        HK$’000           HK$’000


   0 to 90 days                                                                            5,146              3,682
   91 to 180 days                                                                            520               482
   181 to 365 days                                                                            92                12
   Over 365 days                                                                             616               685


                                                                                           6,374              4,861




                                                                TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023       145
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



      30 Trade Payables (Continued)

           The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade payables are denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                                    2023             2022
                                                                                                HK$’000           HK$’000


           US$                                                                                     1,584             1,567
           RMB                                                                                     4,790             3,294


                                                                                                   6,374             4,861



      31 Contract-related Liabilities

           Contract-related liabilities as at 31 December 2023, included refund liabilities arising from sales discount and
           return amounting to HK$6,266,000 (2022: HK$6,266,000) and contract liabilities amounting to HK$1,098,000
           (2022: HK$1,926,000).


           The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised in the current reporting period relates to
           carried-forward contract liabilities.


                                                                                                    2023             2022
                                                                                                HK$’000           HK$’000


           Revenue recognised that was included in the contract liabilities balance
             at the beginning of the year                                                          1,487             3,155




146   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



32 Lease Liabilities

                                                                                         Present value of
                                                 Minimum lease payments             minimum lease payments
                                                        2023              2022              2023             2022
                                                    HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000         HK$’000


   Within one year                                     4,099             4,034             3,803             3,799
   More than one year, but not exceeding
     two years                                         6,314             4,858             6,065             4,614
   More than two years, but not more than
     five years                                        1,676             3,794             1,663             3,728


                                                      12,089            12,686            11,531            12,141
   Less: Future finance charges                         (558)             (545)              N/A              N/A


   Present value of lease obligations                 11,531            12,141            11,531            12,141


   Less: Amount due for settlement within
          12 months (shown under current
          liabilities)                                                                    (3,803)           (3,799)


   Amount due for settlement after
     12 months                                                                             7,728             8,342


   The carrying amounts of the Group’s lease liabilities are denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                            2023             2022
                                                                                        HK$’000         HK$’000


   HK$                                                                                     3,992             2,447
   RMB                                                                                     7,539             9,694


                                                                                          11,531            12,141




                                                                TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023       147
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



      33 Accruals, Provisions and Other Payables

                                                                                              2023             2022
                                                                                          HK$’000          HK$’000


           Non-current portion
           Provision for long service payments                                                 251              393


           Current portion
           Accrued expenses                                                                 14,497            8,484
           Provisions and other payables                                                      1,966           1,651


                                                                                            16,463           10,135


           Total accruals, provisions and other payables                                    16,714           10,528


           The carrying amounts of the Group’s accruals, provisions and other payables as at the end of the year are
           denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                              2023             2022
                                                                                          HK$’000          HK$’000


           HK$                                                                              11,514            5,038
           US$                                                                                 280              135
           RMB                                                                                4,920           5,355


                                                                                            16,714           10,528




148   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



34 Share Capital

                                                                                  Number of     Nominal value of
   Authorised share capital                                                  ordinary share         ordinary share
                                                                                                          HK$’000


   At 1 January 2022, 31 December 2022, 1 January 2023 and
     31 December 2023                                                        10,000,000,000               100,000


                                                                                  Number of     Nominal value of
   Issued and fully paid                                                     ordinary share         ordinary share
                                                                                                          HK$’000


   At 1 January 2022, 31 December 2022, 1 January 2023 and
     31 December 2023                                                            400,000,000                 4,000


   The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going
   concern and to maximise the return to the shareholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity
   balance.


   In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to
   shareholders, return capital to shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debts.


   The Group monitors capital on the basis of the debt-to-adjusted capital ratio. This ratio is calculated as net
   debt divided by adjusted capital. Total debt comprises borrowings (except for bank overdrafts) and lease
   liabilities. Adjusted capital comprises all components of equity (i.e. share capital, retained profits and other
   reserves).




                                                                TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023       149
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



      35 Other Reserves

           (a) Capital and other reserves
                Capital and other reserves of the Group include the excess of the aggregate net assets values of the
                subsidiaries acquired by the Company over the nominal consideration payable by the Group for the
                acquisition of subsidiaries pursuant to the reorganisation in relation to the Listing of the Company in
                2017.


           (b) Statutory reserve
                Under the relevant PRC laws and regulations, the PRC companies are required to allocate 10% of the
                companies’ net profit to the fund until such fund reaches 50% of the companies’ registered capital.
                The statutory reserve fund can be utilised, upon approval by the relevant authorities, to offset against
                accumulated losses or to increase registered capital of the companies, provided that such fund is
                maintained at a minimum of 25% of the companies’ registered capital.



      36 Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

           (a) Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
                The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both
                cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows
                were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash
                flows from financing activities.


                For the year ended 31 December 2023

                                                                           Finance         Cash      Exchange
                                               1 January       Additions     costs         flows     difference   31 December
                                                 HK$’000        HK$’000    HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000


                Lease liabilities                    12,141        3,878       257         (4,754)           9         11,531


                For the year ended 31 December 2022


                                                                           Finance         Cash      Exchange
                                                   1 January   Additions      costs        flows     difference   31 December
                                                    HK$’000     HK$’000    HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000


                Lease liabilities                    15,736        1,372       270         (4,485)        (752)        12,141




150   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



36 Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (Continued)

   (b) Total cash outflow for leases
         Amounts included in the consolidated statement of cash flows for leases comprise the following:


                                                                                              2023              2022
                                                                                          HK$’000            HK$’000


         Within operating cash flows                                                           143                 67
         Within financing cash flows                                                         4,754              4,485


                                                                                             4,897              4,552


         These amounts relate to the following:


                                                                                              2023              2022
                                                                                          HK$’000            HK$’000


         Lease rental paid                                                                   4,897              4,552



37 Contingent Liabilities

   As at 31 December 2023, the Group did not have any significant contingent liabilities (2022: nil).



38 Commitments

   Capital commitments
   Significant capital expenditure contracted for at the end of the reporting period but not recognised as liabilities
   is as follows:


                                                                                              2023              2022
                                                                                          HK$’000            HK$’000


   Property, plant and equipment                                                               871                390




                                                                  TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023        151
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



      39 Related Party Transactions

           The directors of the Company are of the view that the following individuals and companies were related parties
           that had transactions with the Group during the year:


           Name of related party                                   Relationship with the Group


           Mr. Or Tak Ming                                         Spouse of Ms. Chu
           Mr. Or Huen                                             Brother of Mr. Or Naam and son of Mr. Or Tak Ming and Ms. Chu
           Smart Path Development Limited                          Controlled by Mr. Or Naam and Ms. Chan
           Tak Bo Hong#                                            Controlled by Ms. Chu and Mr. Or Tak Ming
           Shantou Baoma Processing Complex                        Controlled by Ms. Chu and Mr. Or Tak Ming
               Company Limited*
               (汕頭寶馬工藝製品廠有限公司)

           #
                 In form of a partnership
           *     The English name is for identification purpose only.



           Other than those transactions and balances disclosed elsewhere in these financial statements, the following
           transactions were carried out with related parties during the year:


           (a) Transactions with related parties
                 The following transactions were undertaken by the Group with related parties during the year:


                                                                                                               2023         2022
                                                                                                        HK$’000          HK$’000


                 Shantou Baoma Processing Complex Company Limited
                 – Purchases                                                                                   520          1,438
                 – Utility expenses                                                                         1,421            962
                 – Lease payments                                                                           2,249           2,295
                 – Storage expenses                                                                            132             58


                 Smart Path Development Limited
                 – Lease payments                                                                           1,200           1,200


                 All of the above transactions with related parties were conducted based on the terms mutually agreed
                 between the relevant parties.




152   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



39 Related Party Transactions (Continued)

   (a) Transactions with related parties (Continued)
      Applicability of GEM Listing Rules relating to connected transactions
      The related party transactions as disclosed in note 39(a) above constitute connected transactions or
      continuing connected transactions as defined in Chapter 20 of the GEM Listing Rules. The amount of
      these transactions are below the de minimis threshold under Rule 20.74(1) of the GEM Listing Rules. For
      the year ended 31 December 2023, the directors elected not to disclose the above continuing connected
      transactions in the directors’ report in accordance with the exemption criteria as set out in the GEM
      Listing Rules. Further details in relation to the exemption are provided in the directors’ report.


   (b) Key management compensation
      Key management personnel are deemed to be the members of the executive directors of the Company
      who have responsibility for the planning, directing and controlling the activities of the Group.


      The compensation paid or payable to key management personnel during the year is shown below:


                                                                                             2023            2022
                                                                                         HK$’000           HK$’000


      Salaries and bonuses                                                                 15,872            9,307
      Other allowances and benefits in kind                                                 3,331            1,687
      Defined contribution pension costs                                                       54              54


                                                                                           19,257           11,048




                                                                TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023      153
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



      40 Statement of Financial Position and Reserve Movement of the
         Company

           (a) Statement of financial position of the Company
                                                                                               2023        2022
                                                                             Note           HK$’000      HK$’000


                Non-current asset
                Investments in subsidiaries                                                   85,226      85,226
                Deposit and prepayments for a life insurance policy                            4,438       4,282


                                                                                              89,664      89,508


                Current assets
                Amounts due from subsidiaries                                                 38,224      23,759
                Bank and cash balances                                                             392    14,535


                                                                                              38,616      38,294


                Current liabilities
                Amounts due to subsidiaries                                                        390      390


                Net current assets                                                            38,226      37,904


                NET ASSETS                                                                  127,890      127,412


                CAPITAL AND RESERVES
                Share capital                                                 34               4,000       4,000
                Share premium                                                               141,034      141,034
                Accumulated losses                                                           (17,144)    (17,622)


                TOTAL EQUITY                                                                127,890      127,412


                Approved by the Board of Directors on 27 March 2024 and are signed on its behalf by:


                                      Or Naam                                      Chan Hoi Yan, Polly
                                      Director                                          Director




154   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)



40 Statement of Financial Position and Reserve Movement of the
   Company (Continued)

   (b) Reserve movement of the Company

                                                                          Share      Accumulated
                                                                       premium              losses              Total
                                                                        HK$’000           HK$’000            HK$’000


        At 1 January 2022                                               141,034            (17,008)          124,026
        Loss for the year                                                       –              (614)             (614)


        At 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023                          141,034            (17,622)          123,412
        Profit for the year                                                     –              478                478


        At 31 December 2023                                             141,034            (17,144)          123,890



41 Comparative Figures

   Management has revisited the nature of contract liabilities as disclosed in note 31 and considered that
   renamed it as contract-related liabilities is more appropriate for understanding of the Group’s financial position.




                                                                  TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023        155
      Five Years Financial Summary


      RESULTS                                    2023       2022       2021      2020       2019
                                              HK$’000     HK$’000    HK$’000   HK$’000    HK$’000


      Revenue                                 215,591     209,300    207,181   287,768    266,415
      Profit before taxation                    15,541       858       4,301    20,945     39,009
      Income tax (expenses)/credit                (883)      150         76     (2,536)    (5,956)
      Profit for the year attributable to
        the owners of the Company               14,658      1,008      4,377    18,409     33,053
      Total comprehensive income for
        the year attributable to the
        owners of the Company                   12,211     (5,172)     7,427    21,508     30,506


      Total assets                            279,774     263,407    269,223   304,854    254,257
      Total liabilities                         42,849     38,693     39,337    82,395     53,306
      Net assets                              236,925     224,714    229,886   222,459    200,951
      Equity attributable to owners of
        the Company                           236,925     224,714    229,886   222,459    200,951




156   TAKBO GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED Annual Report 2023
