 e
              2 0 2 5 / 2 6


 d
       屻
  t   il
 m
 .1    b
       a
       』
 l
 .     皿
       ．
       I
 L     ，
       s
sem
g
      er
       b
n.Wl
        m
       th
。
dla
 i    ds
        n
 l     Is
        an
 H     、
       a
       c 6l
      he41
       t1
 R    dm缸
 T [ek
 C    』 臨
鼴
e
              2 0 2 5 / 2 6


 d
t
m
 .1
 l
 .
 L
s
g
n^
i ^   叩
 d    限
 l     有
H
  0   矼
      嶧
      成即
 R    疇 ：
       島
 T nZ
 C    國 暉
鼴
CONTENTS
02    Corporate Information

03    Chairman’s Statement

04    Management Discussion and Analysis

09    Biography of the Directors and Senior Management

14    Corporate Governance Report

24    Report of the Directors

36    Environmental, Social and Governance Report

77    Independent Auditors’ Report

82    Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
      Other Comprehensive Income

83    Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

84    Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

85    Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

86    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

140   Summary of Financial Information
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     CORPORATE INFORMATION


     BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                     PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS
     Executive Directors                                    IN HONG KONG
     Mr. Xu Xuping (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)   Unit B, 17/F, United Centre
     Mr. Xu Tiancheng                                       95 Queensway, Hong Kong

     Independent Non-Executive Directors                    CAYMAN ISLANDS PRINCIPAL SHARE
     Dr Kung Wai Chiu Marco                                 REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE
     Mr. Tang Chi Wang                                      Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited
     Ms. Wang Yao                                           Cricket Square
                                                            Hutchins Drive
     AUDIT COMMITTEE                                        P.O. Box 2681
     Dr Kung Wai Chiu Marco (Chairman)                      Grand Cayman KY1-1111
     Mr. Tang Chi Wang                                      Cayman Islands
     Ms. Wang Yao
                                                            HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR
     REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                 AND TRANSFER OFFICE
     Ms. Wang Yao (Chairman)                                Boardroom Share Registrars (HK) Limited
     Dr Kung Wai Chiu Marco                                 2103B, 21/F
     Mr. Tang Chi Wang                                      148 Electric Road
                                                            North Point
     NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                   Hong Kong
     Mr. Tang Chi Wang (Chairman)
     Dr Kung Wai Chiu Marco                                 PRINCIPAL BANKERS
     Ms. Wang Yao                                           Maybank Singapore Limited
                                                            United Overseas Bank Limited
     COMPANY SECRETARY
     Ms. Chow Yuk Yin Ivy                                   AUDITOR
                                                            HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited
     AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES                             Certified Public Accountants
     Mr. Xu Xuping                                          31/F, Gloucester Tower
     Ms. Chow Yuk Yin Ivy                                   The Landmark
                                                            11 Pedder Street
     REGISTERED OFFICE                                      Central, Hong Kong SAR
     Cricket Square
     Hutchins Drive                                         COMPANY’S WEBSITE
     P.O. Box 2681                                          www.ctrholdings.com
     Grand Cayman KY1-1111
     Cayman Islands                                         STOCK CODE
                                                            1416
     HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE
     OF BUSINESS IN SINGAPORE
     21 Woodlands Close #08-11/12
     Primz Bizhub
     Singapore 737854




02
                                                                                       Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



                                                                   CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


Dear Shareholders,

On behalf of the board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) of CTR Holdings Limited (the “Company”), I am pleased to
present the annual report of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) for the year ended 28
February 2026.

The financial year 2025/2026 was a year of strong and resilient performance for the Group, underpinned by improved
operating execution and disciplined capital management. Despite a mixed macroeconomic environment, the Group delivered
steady results supported by the orderly progress of ongoing projects and the strategic addition of new contracts to our
order book. Our disciplined approach to project selection, cost control, and resource allocation has reinforced our ability to
generate sustainable value even amidst external uncertainties.

Based on a press release by the Ministry of Trade and Industry (MTI) Singapore on 14 April 2026, the Singapore economy
grew by 4.6% year-on-year in the first quarter of 2026. More importantly for the Group, the construction sector expanded
by 9.0% year-on-year in 1Q2026. A substantial acceleration from the 4.6% growth recorded in the previous quarter. On a
quarter-on-quarter seasonally-adjusted basis, the construction sector grew by 3.7%, a notable improvement from the 0.2%
growth in 4Q2025. This growth was supported by a step-up in both public and private sector construction works, reinforcing
the positive industry momentum.

However, geopolitical developments further intensified uncertainty in global markets during the reporting period and into
early 2026. Escalating tensions in the Middle East, particularly around the Strait of Hormuz, which is a critical artery for global
energy supply, triggered renewed volatility in oil prices and raised concerns over supply chain disruptions. For the Group,
these dynamics may result in elevated construction costs and tighter supply conditions.

In response, we remain disciplined in project selection with a clear focus on quality, margins and risk management, while
continuing to pursue opportunities across both public and private sectors. Our construction team remained focused on the
smooth and timely delivery of ongoing projects, maintaining high standards of safety, quality and execution. Through rigorous
project monitoring, proactive resource planning and close collaboration with our supply chain partners, we have been able to
preserve project margins and avoid material disruptions during the year.

I would like to express our deepest gratitude to our shareholders, business partners and clients for their continued trust and
support. I also extend my appreciation to our employees for their dedication and to my fellow directors for their guidance and
collective commitment to the Group’s long-term success.

Looking ahead, we will continue to stay prudent, innovative, enterprising, quality conscious and flexible in responding to new
changes and challenges.

Sincerely,




CTR Holdings Limited
Xu Xuping
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and Executive Director

29 May 2026

                                                                                                                                      03
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     BUSINESS REVIEW AND PROSPECTS

     Business Review

     The Group is a Singapore-based contractor specialising in structural engineering works and wet architectural works.
     Structural engineering works are comprising (i) reinforced concrete works which include steel reinforcement works, formwork
     erection and concrete works; and (ii) precast installation works. Wet architectural works are comprising (i) masonry building
     works; (ii) plastering and screeding works; (iii) tiling works; and (iv) waterproofing works.

     The Group participates various building and infrastructure projects in both public and private sectors in Singapore.
     Public sector projects include the building of hospitals and MRT stations which are initiated by the Singapore
     Government departments, statutory bodies or Government-controlled entities. Private sector projects include the
     building of semiconductor manufacturing buildings and data centres which are driven by property developers, as well as
     biopharmaceutical buildings, which are driven by owners.

     The Group had completed 6 and 15 projects in 2026 and 2025. As at 28 February 2026, the Group had a total of 29 (2025:
     20) projects on hand including 24 (2025: 16) structural engineering projects and 5 (2025: 4) wet architectural projects.
     The aggregated contract sum of the above projects including variation orders are approximately S$975 million, of which
     approximately S$423 million has been recognised as revenue up to 28 February 2026. The remaining balance will be
     recognised as Group’s revenue in accordance with the respective stage of completion.

     Prospects

     The Building and Construction Authority (BCA) projects the total construction demand, i.e. the value of construction
     contracts to be awarded, to range between S$43 billion and S$46 billion in nominal terms in 2026. Over the medium-term,
     BCA expects the total construction demand to reach an average of between S$39 billion and S$46 billion per year from
     2027 to 2030.

     While the business outlook remains positive, challenges such as cost management and maintaining profitability remain.
     The Group will adopt a prudent approach to cash management, be selective in project tenders, and closely monitor debt
     collections to ensure healthy cash flows.

     FINANCIAL REVIEW

     Revenue

     The following table sets out the breakdown of the Group’s revenue derived from (i) the provision of structural engineering
     works; (ii) the provision of wet architectural works; and (iii) main contracting works for each period indicated:

                                                                                            FY2025/2026           FY2024/2025
                                                                                                 S$’000                S$’000

     Structural engineering works                                                                197,602                189,124
     Wet architectural works                                                                      34,405                 17,794
     Main contracting works                                                                       30,011                      –

                                                                                                 262,018                206,918



04
                                                                                   Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The Group’s revenue increased significantly by approximately S$55.1 million or 26.6% from S$206.9 million for the
year ended 28 February 2025 (“FY2024/2025”) to approximately S$262.0 million for the year ended 28 February 2026
(“FY2025/2026”). This increase is attributed to the higher volume of construction activities performed during the year and the
securing of more large-scale projects.

Construction Costs

The Group’s construction costs increased by approximately S$45.2 million or 24.8% from S$182.2 million for FY2024/2025
to approximately S$227.4 million FY2025/2026. This increase is in line with the rise in revenue and reflects higher costs
incurred for materials, and sub-contracting services.

Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin

The Group’s gross profit increased by approximately S$9.9 million or 39.9% from S$24.7 million for FY2024/2025 to
approximately S$34.6 million for FY2025/2026. The Group’s gross profit margin increased from approximately 11.9% for
the year ended 28 February 2025, to approximately 13.2% for the year ended 28 February 2026, primarily due to (i) revenue
growth stemming from the timely delivery of multiple major construction projects alongside accelerated execution of key
contracts; and (ii) the Group has secured several large contracts with higher margin.

Other Income

The Group’s other income increased by approximately S$0.6 million or 35.7%, from approximately S$1.4 million for
FY2024/2025 to approximately S$2.0 million for FY2025/2026. The increase is mainly due to increase in foreign exchange
gain.

Administrative Expenses

The Group’s administrative expenses increased by approximately S$2.0 million or 12.3%, from approximately S$16.2 million
for FY2024/2025 to approximately S$18.2 million for FY2025/2026. The increase is due to higher employee benefit and
addition of fixed assets.

Finance Cost

The Group’s finance cost increased by approximately S$0.03 million due to increase in the Group’s leases for the year
ended 28 February 2026.

Income Tax Expense

The Group’s income tax expense increased by approximately S$2.0 million or 109.7%, from approximately S$1.8 million for
FY2024/2025 to approximately S$3.8 million for FY2025/2026. This increase aligns with the higher taxable profit generated
during the year.

Profit for the Year

The Group’s profit for the year increased by approximately S$6.6 million or 85.5% from approximately S$7.8 million for
FY2024/2025 to approximately S$14.4 million for FY2025/2026. This increase is primarily due to higher gross profit margin.



                                                                                                                                  05
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Capital Structure, Liquidity and Financial Resources

     Since the shares of the Company was listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on 15 January
     2020, there has been no change in capital structure of the Group. The capital of the Group comprises of issued ordinary
     share capital and capital reserves. The Group had share capital of approximately S$0.2 million as at 28 February 2026.

     The Group’s sources of funding comprise of its cash and cash equivalents and time deposits. The Group’s cash and cash
     equivalents and time deposits recorded an increase by 92.4% from approximately S$46.2 million as at 28 February 2025
     to approximately S$88.9 million as at 28 February 2026, which was mainly due to net cash flows generated from operating
     activities during the year.

     The cash and cash equivalents and time deposits of the Group, mainly denominated in SGD and HKD, are generally
     deposited with authorised financial institutions. As at 28 February 2026, 99.9% (2025: 99.9%) of the Group’s cash and cash
     equivalents and time deposits was denominated in Singapore dollars and 0.1% (2025: 0.1%) was denominated in Hong
     Kong dollars.

     As at 28 February 2025 and 2026, the Group had no bank facilities with credit limit.

     Gearing Ratio

     Gearing ratio is calculated as net debt (i.e. total borrowings, including amount due to related parties, lease liabilities, net off
     cash and cash equivalents and time deposits) divided by the capital plus net debt as at the end of respective period.

     As at 28 February 2026, the gearing ratio of the Group was negative, which was mainly due to the significant amount of
     Group’s cash and cash equivalents and time deposits (2025: negative).

     Treasury Policy

     The Group has continued to implement a prudent financial management policy and maintained healthy liquidity and capital
     ratios in order to support its business and maximise shareholders’ value during the year. The Group strives to reduce credit
     risk by conducting ongoing credit assessments and trading with recognised and creditworthy customers. To maintain a
     balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of funds generated from operations, the management
     of the Group closely monitors the overall business performance and liquidity position. Taking into account the cash at banks,
     and credit facilities available, the Directors considered that the Group has sufficient working capital for its present operation
     and meet its funding requirements all the time.




06
                                                                                   Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



                         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Significant Investment, Material Acquisitions and Disposal of Subsidiaries and Associated Companies

There were no significant investments held, material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries and affiliated companies by the
Group during the year ended 28 February 2026.

Investments or Capital Assets

The Group did not have other future plans for material investments or capital assets as at 28 February 2026.

Foreign Exchange Exposure

The headquarters and principal place of business of the Group is in Singapore with its revenue and cost of sales mainly
denominated in Singapore dollar, which is the functional currency of most of the Group’s operating companies. As such, the
Group had not committed to any financial instrument for hedging its foreign currency risk exposure during the period.

As at 28 February 2026, the Group has maintained only 0.1% of its cash and cash equivalents in Hong Kong dollars for its
compliance costs in Hong Kong. Accordingly, the Group’s exposure to foreign exchange rate risks is substantially minimised.

Pledge of Asset

As at 28 February 2025 and 2026, no pledged deposits was placed as a banker’s guarantee in relation to a structural
engineering project.

Contingent Liabilities

As at 28 February 2026, the Group had contingent liabilities in respect of performance bonds to guarantee for the due
and proper performance of the obligations undertaken by the Group’s subsidiary for projects amounting to approximately
S$35,325,000 (2025: S$25,165,000) in its ordinary course of business. The performance bonds are expected to be released
in accordance with the terms of the respective construction contracts.

Capital Commitments

The Group had no capital commitments as at 28 February 2026 (2025: nil).

Capital Expenditures

For FY2025/2026, the Group’s capital expenditure in respect of the acquisition of properties, plant and equipment amounting
to approximately S$1.5 million (2025: S$0.3 million).




                                                                                                                                  07
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Employees and Remuneration Policy

     As at 28 February 2026, the Group had a total of 400 (2025: 439) employees in Singapore, of which comprising 18.5% (2025:
     9.3%) was Singapore citizens and 81.5% (2025: 90.7%) was foreigners. With a view to mitigating the impact of shortage of
     foreign workers arising from changes in relevant laws, rules and regulations in Singapore and/or other countries where the
     foreign workers originated, the management has adopted a policy of employing foreign workers from more than one country,
     including the PRC, Bangladesh, India, Myanmar, Vietnam and the Philippines during the period.

     Total staff costs, including Directors’ emoluments, salaries, wages and contributions, for FY2025/2026 amounted to
     approximately S$25.3 million (2025: S$24.0 million). The Group reviews the performance of its employees on a periodical
     basis and make salary adjustment if necessary. In addition, the Group is required to make monthly Central Provident Fund
     contributions in respect of its employees who are either citizens or permanent residents of Singapore.

     The emoluments of the Directors have been reviewed by the Remuneration Committee of the Company, having regard to the
     performance of Directors and market standards, and approved by shareholders. The Company has adopted a share option
     scheme as an incentive to Directors an eligible employees of the Group.

     Annual General Meeting

     The annual general meeting of the Company will be held on Friday, 28 August 2026. The notice of annual general meeting
     and the necessary information on issues to be considered in the annual general meeting will be set out in the circular to be
     dispatched to the shareholders of the Company in due course.

     Closure of the Register of Members

     The register of members of the Company will be closed from Tuesday, 25 August 2026 to Friday, 28 August 2026 (both
     days inclusive), during which period no transfers of shares will be registered. To determine the entitlement to attend and vote
     at the AGM of the Company, all transfer documents, accompanied by the relevant share certificates, must be lodged with
     the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Boardroom Share Registrars (HK) Limited, at 2103B, 21/F, 148 Electric
     Road, North Point, Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Monday, 24 August 2026.

     The record date for determining the entitlement of the shareholders of the Company to attend and vote at the Annual General
     Meeting will be Friday, 28 August 2026.




08
                                                                                     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



                                       BIOGRAPHY OF THE DIRECTORS AND
                                                  SENIOR MANAGEMENT

EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. Xu Xuping (許旭平) (“Mr. XP Xu”), aged 41, was appointed as a Director on 24 October 2018 and was designated as
the chief executive officer of the Group, the chairman of the Board and an executive Director on 1 November 2018. He is
responsible for formulating and implementing company policy and business strategies of the Group. Mr. XP Xu has over 17
years of experience in the construction industry in Singapore and in managing companies. He was appointed as a director
of the subsidiaries of the Company, Chian Teck Development Pte. Ltd. (“CTD”) and Chian Teck Realty Pte. Ltd. (“CTR”), in
January 2007 and in June 2010, respectively, and was appointed as a director of the investment holding company, Pinnacle
Shine Limited, in August 2018. Mr. XP Xu has been the managing director of CTR since March 2009. He is also a director
of Brave Ocean Limited, the controlling shareholder of the Company. His main responsibilities as managing director of CTR
include, among others, liaising with existing customers, meeting with potential customers and overseeing the management of
projects. Mr. XP Xu is one of the controlling shareholders of the Company and the brother of Mr. Xu Tiancheng, an executive
Director and one of the controlling shareholders of the Company. Mr. XP Xu is also the son of Ms. Gou Shuzhen (“Ms. Gou”),
one of the controlling shareholders and the cousin of Mr. Xu Kunfu (“Mr. KF Xu”), a member of the senior management.

Mr. XP Xu obtained a Diploma in Building & Property Management from Singapore Polytechnic in Singapore in May 2005
and a Bachelor of Applied Science degree in Construction Management with first class honours from the Royal Melbourne
Institute of Technology in Australia (through distance learning) in August 2009.

Mr. Xu Tiancheng (許添城) (“Mr. TC Xu”), aged 39, was appointed as a Director on 24 October 2018 and was designated
as an executive Director on 1 November 2018. He is responsible for overseeing the accounts, information technology
and operational matters of the Group. He was appointed as a director of the subsidiaries of the Company, CTR and CTD,
in March 2009 and in June 2011, respectively. Mr. TC Xu has over 16 years of experience in the construction industry
in Singapore. Since March 2009, Mr. TC Xu has been a director of the subsidiary, CTR, and is mainly responsible for
overseeing the management of wet architectural projects of CTR. His duties include conducting site visits from time to
time, planning the allocation of resources, and participating in the tender of projects involving wet architectural works. He is
also responsible for accounts, information technology and operational matters of CTR. Mr. TC Xu is one of the controlling
shareholders of the Company and the brother of Mr. XP Xu, the chief executive officer of the Group, the chairman of the
Board, an executive Director and one of the controlling shareholders of the Company. Mr. TC Xu is also the son of Ms. Gou,
one of the controlling shareholders and the cousin of Mr. KF Xu, a member of the senior management.

Mr. TC Xu obtained a Diploma in Business Information Technology from Singapore Polytechnic in Singapore in March 2007.
Mr. TC Xu also obtained a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting and Finance with Honours from the University of
London in the United Kingdom (through distance learning) in August 2011 while concurrently serving as directors of CTR and
CTD.




                                                                                                                                    09
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     BIOGRAPHY OF THE DIRECTORS AND
     SENIOR MANAGEMENT

     INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

     Dr Kung Wai Chiu Marco (孔維釗博士) (“Dr Kung”), aged 52, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on
     22 November 2019. He also serves as the chairman of the audit committee of the Company and a member of remuneration
     committee and nomination committee of the Company. He is responsible for providing independent advice to the Board.

     Dr Kung has over 28 years of experience in the business advisory and auditing field. Dr Kung also possesses experience in
     compliance, company secretary and financial management for listed companies. He worked at Sanai Health Industry Group
     Company Limited (previously known as Wuyi International Pharmaceutical Company Limited), a company listed on the Main
     Board of the Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 1889), from August 2006 to June 2016, in which he was once the financial
     controller and his last position was company secretary and authorised representative. He was the chief financial officer of
     Alpha Professional Holdings Limited (previously known as Z-Obee Holdings Limited), a company listed on the Main Board of
     the Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 948), from April 2017 to January 2019 and was also appointed as the company secretary
     and authorised representative of the same company from November 2017 to January 2020. Dr Kung was appointed as the
     company secretary and authorised representative of Hailan Holdings Limited, a company listed on the Main Board of the
     Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 2278) from September 2018 to March 2019. Dr Kung was appointed as the independent
     non-executive director of China Hongbao Holdings Limited (formerly known as Quantong Holdings Limited), a company
     listed on the GEM of the Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 8316) from January 2021 to December 2023.

     Dr Kung graduated from Lingnan College (currently known as the Lingnan University) in Hong Kong with a Bachelor of
     Business Administration degree in November 1997. He further obtained a Master’s degree in Business Administration from
     The University of Wollongong in Australia, in August 2005 and a Master’s degree in Corporate Governance from The Hong
     Kong Polytechnic University in October 2008. Dr Kung also awarded of Doctor’s degree in Business Administration from The
     Hong Kong Polytechnic University in 2022.

     Dr Kung was admitted as a fellow of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants, the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
     Public Accountants and the Taxation Institute of Hong Kong in September 2005, February 2008 and July 2010, respectively.
     In addition, Dr Kung was admitted as an associate of both The Chartered Governance Institute (formerly known as The
     Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators) and The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute (formerly known as
     The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries) in February 2009. Dr Kung was also registered as a Certified Tax Adviser
     (Non-Practising) in Hong Kong in July 2010. In September 2018, Dr Kung became a Chartered Governance Professional of
     The Chartered Governance Institute and The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute.




10
                                                                                      Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



                                       BIOGRAPHY OF THE DIRECTORS AND
                                                  SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. Tang Chi Wang (鄧智宏) (“Mr. Tang”), aged 48, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 22
November 2019. He also serves as the chairman of nomination committee of the Company and a member of audit
committee and remuneration committee of the Company. He is responsible for providing independent advice to the Board.

Mr. Tang has over 29 years of experience in building construction in Hong Kong. From September 1996 to July 1999, Mr.
Tang worked at the Housing Department of the Government of Hong Kong, with his last position as works supervisor I. From
September 2000 to September 2007, Mr. Tang worked at a surveyor company and other companies in the private sector
and held various positions including assistant building surveyor, senior maintenance officer and projects manager. From
September 2007 to September 2010, from September 2010 to March 2011 and from March 2011 to November 2011, Mr.
Tang was a project manager of ISG Asia (Hong Kong) Limited, Green Solution Interior Design and Decoration Company
Limited and S&Techs (Hong Kong) Limited, respectively. Since April 2012, Mr. Tang has been a director of Adwise Building
Consultancy Limited, a company incorporated in Hong Kong, where he is primarily responsible for the overall management
of its business operation. Mr. Tang was an independent non-executive director of Thelloy Development Group Limited, a
company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 1546) from September 2015 to April 2026. Mr. Tang
was also an independent non-executive director of Silver Tide Holdings Limited, a company listed on the Main Board of the
Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 1943) from April 2021 to October 2022.

Mr. Tang obtained a Diploma in Building Studies from the Morrison Hill Technical Institute (now renamed the Hong Kong
Institute of Vocational Education (Morrison Hill)) in Hong Kong in August 1996, a Higher Diploma in Surveying from the City
University of Hong Kong in Hong Kong in November 1999, a Bachelor of Science (Honours) degree in Building Surveying
from the University of Northumbria at Newcastle in the United Kingdom in June 2000, a Postgraduate Diploma in Arbitration
from The College of Estate Management in the United Kingdom (through distance learning) in January 2005, a Bachelor of
Laws (Honours) from the University of London in the United Kingdom in August 2008 and a Master of Public Administration
degree from the Hong Kong Baptist University in Hong Kong in November 2011.

Mr. Tang was admitted as a fellow of The Chartered Institute of Arbitrators, Hong Kong Institute of Arbitrators, Hong Kong
Institute of Construction Managers, The Chartered Association of Building Engineers and The Hong Kong Institute of
Surveyors in July 2007, July 2008, December 2012, February 2014 and November 2015, respectively. In January 2003 and
October 2008, he was also respectively admitted as a member of The Chartered Institute of Building and the Royal Institution
of Chartered Surveyors.

Ms. Wang Yao (王瑤) (“Ms. Wang”), aged 60, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 22 November
2019. She also serves as the chairman of remuneration committee of the Company and a member of audit committee and
nomination committee of the Company. She is responsible for providing independent advice to the Board.

Ms. Wang has over 33 years of experience in the construction industry in Singapore and in the PRC. Ms. Wang worked at
Shenyang Designing Institute of Building from May 1992 to February 1998 with her last position as structural (civil) engineer,
where she participated in construction and structural design projects. Ms. Wang worked at Lee Yuen Engineering Pte. Ltd.
(Singapore) from February 1998 to February 2007 with her last position as production manager. Subsequently, Ms. Wang
worked as a project manager at United Reliance Engineering Pte. Ltd. from October 2008 to April 2009 where her duties
included design development, sourcing and supervising subcontractors and ensuring the implementation of proper quality
assurance and quality control plan. Since November 2009 and October 2014, Ms. Wang has been a senior project manager
at Wellbuilt Pte. Ltd. and Wellbuilt Construction Pte. Ltd., respectively. Wellbuilt Pte. Ltd. principally engages in the business
of installation of structure steel, manufacture of steel structural component and fabrication of steel parts while the principal
activities of Wellbuilt Construction Pte. Ltd. include the erection of steel structure. She was also a director at Wellbuilt Pte.
Ltd. from November 2009 to January 2011 and has been a chief executive officer at Wellbuilt Construction Pte. Ltd. since
October 2014. In addition, she has served as a director of Wellbuilt Street Pte. Ltd. since January 2020.




                                                                                                                                     11
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     BIOGRAPHY OF THE DIRECTORS AND
     SENIOR MANAGEMENT

     Ms. Wang obtained a Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, majoring in Agricultural Construction in July 1989 from Shenyang
     Agricultural University (瀋陽農業大學) in the PRC.

     SENIOR MANAGEMENT

     Mr. Xu Kunfu (許坤福) (“Mr. KF Xu”), aged 40, joined the Group in December 2011 as manager and was later appointed
     as a director of CTR, the subsidiary of the Company, in February 2013. He is also the head of human resources and
     health, safety and environmental matters of the Group, responsible for supervising the human resources and health, safety,
     environmental, and operational matters of the Group.

     Mr. KF Xu has over 14 years of experience in the construction industry in Singapore. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. KF Xu
     worked as management trainee at Tractors Singapore Pte. Ltd. from June 2011 to December 2011.

     Mr. KF Xu obtained a Diploma in Engineering Informatics from Nanyang Polytechnic in Singapore in March 2006 and a
     Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration (magna cum laude) from the State University of New York at Buffalo
     in the United States in February 2011.

     Mr. KF Xu is the cousin of Mr. XP Xu and Mr. TC Xu, the executive Directors and the controlling shareholders of the
     Company.

     Mr. Liu Jianzhong (劉建忠) (“Mr. JZ Liu”), aged 55, joined the Group as a project manager in August 2010 and was
     later promoted to the position of general manager in August 2017. Mr. JZ Liu is responsible for overseeing the general
     management of projects and operation of the Group.

     Mr. JZ Liu has over 24 years of experience in site management in the construction industry in Singapore. Prior to joining the
     Group, Mr. JZ Liu worked as a project engineer at Eng Lim Construction Co. (Pte) Ltd. from July 2002 to December 2008,
     with his last position as structural site manager. From February 2009 to February 2010, Mr. JZ Liu worked as a carpenter
     supervisor at SD Construction Pte. Ltd. He then worked as a building construction supervisor and general foreman at
     Zhongyu Construction Group Co., Ltd. (Singapore branch) from January 2010 to January 2011.

     Mr. JZ Liu has attended and completed various courses in relation to supervision and safety in the construction workplace.
     He obtained a Certificate of Completion of the “Formwork Safety Course for Supervisors” from Absolute Kinetics Consultancy
     Pte. Ltd., a course which is approved by the Ministry of Manpower of Singapore Government, in August 2008. In June 2016,
     he obtained a certificate of successful completion of the “Construction Safety Course for Project Managers” from Ever Safe
     Consultants Pte. Ltd., a course which is approved by the Singapore Accreditation Council (SAC) for Construction Safety
     Course for Project Managers. He also obtained a certificate of successful completion of the “CET for CoreTrade Supervisor
     (Structural) course” issued by the Building and Construction Authority in Singapore in May 2018.

     Mr. JZ Liu graduated from Changxing Hongxingqiao Junior High School in the PRC in June 1986. He was also awarded a
     certificate of competence in January 1995 by the Ministry of Construction of PRC for passing the relevant training courses
     organised by Zhejiang Provincial Association for Construction Industry for project managers of construction enterprises in
     China.




12
                                                                                  Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



                                     BIOGRAPHY OF THE DIRECTORS AND
                                                SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. Liu Honggeng (劉洪耕) (“Mr. HG Liu”), aged 59, has been the project director of the Group since September 2016.
Mr. HG Liu is responsible for overseeing the management of projects of the Group, including the planning and execution of
projects from commencement until completion.

Mr. HG Liu has over 26 years of experience in project management in the construction industry in Singapore. Prior to joining
the Group, Mr. HG Liu worked as a site engineer at Wee Hur Construction Pte. Ltd. between June 1997 and September
2005 and he rejoined Wee Hur Construction Pte. Ltd. as a project manager from March 2008 to September 2016.

Mr. HG Liu obtained his Bachelor’s degree of Engineering from the Shanghai Institute of Railway Technology (上海鐵道學院)
(currently known as Tongji University (同濟大學) in the PRC) majoring in industrial and civil building in July 1988.

Ms. Yap Hui Yan (葉慧妍) (“Ms. Yap”), aged 37, joined the Group as the chief financial officer in July 2018. She is primarily
responsible for overseeing the financial reporting and management, internal control and compliance matters of the Group.

Ms. Yap has over 15 years of experience in audit and financial management in Singapore. Prior to joining the Group, she
worked at Zee 2 Zee Corporate Services Pte. Ltd. between April 2010 and May 2013 where she had taken up positions
including accounts and administrative assistant and accounts executive. She then joined Paul Go & Co, a public accounting
firm, from July 2013 to August 2015 with her last position as semi audit senior. Subsequently, she worked as an audit
senior at Reanda Adept PAC, from December 2015 to January 2018. She was then employed as a project manager at One
Investment & Consultancy Limited from January 2018 to June 2018.

Ms. Yap obtained a certificate issued by the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants for completing the Fundamentals
Level of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants examinations in December 2009. She further obtained a
certificate issued by the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants for completing the Professional Level of the
Association of Chartered Certified Accountants examinations in February 2013. Ms. Yap was admitted as a member of the
Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants in November 2017 and is qualified as a Chartered Accountant of Singapore.




                                                                                                                                 13
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Corporate governance provides the framework within which the board forms their decisions and builds their businesses. The
     Company is committed to achieving good corporate governance and focusing on creating long-term sustainable growth
     for the shareholders of the Company and delivering long-term values to all stakeholders. An effective corporate governance
     structure allows the Company to have a better understanding of, evaluate and manage, risks and opportunities. The
     Company adopted all the code provisions in the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) in Appendix C1 of the Rules
     Governing the Listing of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on the Stock Exchange as its own code on corporate governance
     practices.

     During the year, the Company had complied with the code provisions set out in Part 2 of the CG Code with the exception of
     the code provision C.2.1. Details of such deviation are explained below.

     Under the code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, the roles of chairman and chief executive should be separate and should
     not be performed by the same individual. Mr. Xu Xuping is the CEO and the chairman of the Board (the “Chairman”). In view
     of Mr. Xu Xuping has been operating and managing the Group since January 2007, the Board believes that the vesting of the
     roles of the Chairman and the CEO in Mr. Xu Xuping is beneficial to the business operations and management of the Group
     and will provide a strong and consistent leadership to the Group. Accordingly, the Company has not segregated the roles of
     the CEO and the Chairman.

     BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     The Company is governed by the Board which is responsible for formulating and implementing company policies and
     business strategies of the Group; overseeing the accounts, information technology and operational matters of the Group;
     and providing independent advice to the Board. The Board sets the overall strategy and directions for the Group with a view
     to developing its business and enhancing the shareholder value.

     The Board meets regularly throughout the year to formulate overall strategy, monitor business development as well as
     the financial performance of the Group. The Board has delegated certain duties and authorities to the management of the
     Company for supervising the human resources and health, safety, environmental, and operational matters of the Group;
     overseeing the financial reporting and management, internal control and compliance matters of the Group; overseeing the
     general management of projects and operation of the Group; overseeing the management of projects of the Group, including
     the planning and execution of projects from commencement until completion; and overseeing the management of the
     Group’s operation from business development to project execution, including the procurement of contracts as well as value
     engineering the projects of the Group.

     The Board established mechanism to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board. The independent non-
     executive Directors of the Company (the “INEDs”) support the effective discharge of the duties and responsibilities of the
     Board and bring independent views and input to the Board. In addition, the Board, Board committees or individual Directors
     may seek independent professional advice, views and input, which shall include but not limited to legal advice, advice of
     accountants and advice of other professional financial advisors, as considered necessary to fulfil their responsibilities and in
     exercising independent judgment when making decisions in furtherance of their Directors’ duties at the Company’s expense.

     The Board is responsible for determining the appropriate corporate governance practices applicable to the Company’s
     circumstances and ensuring systems, processes and procedures in place to achieve the Company’s corporate governance
     objectives; reviewing and monitoring the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior
     management and the Company’s policies, practices and guidelines on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements.




14
                                                                                    Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Board may discharge its corporate governance duties by establishment of board committees and delegation of certain
management and administration functions to the management. During the year, the Board reviewed the compliance with the
CG Code and the effectiveness of the risk management and internal controls systems of the Group.

The Board currently comprises 2 executive Directors, namely Mr. Xu Xuping (chairman and chief executive officer (the “CEO”))
and Mr. Xu Tiancheng; and 3 INEDs, namely Dr Kung Wai Chiu Marco, Mr. Tang Chi Wang and Ms. Wang Yao. Mr. Xu
Xuping and Mr. Xu Tiancheng are also the cousin of Mr. Xu Kunfu, a member of the senior management of the Company.
Mr. Xu Xuping is the brother of Mr. Xu Tiancheng.

The attendance records of the Directors for the regular Board, Board committees and general meetings of the Company for
the year are as follows:

                                                        No. of meetings attended/No. of meetings held
                                                                Audit Remuneration       Nomination                  General
Directors                                         Board   Committee        Committee     Committee                   Meeting

Executive Directors
Mr. Xu Xuping (Chairman and CEO)                     5/5              N/A              N/A              N/A                1/1
Mr. Xu Tiancheng                                     5/5              N/A              N/A              N/A                1/1

Independent Non-Executive Directors
Dr Kung Wai Chiu Marco                               5/5              2/2              2/2               2/2               1/1
Mr. Tang Chi Wang                                    5/5              2/2              2/2               2/2               1/1
Ms. Wang Yao                                         5/5              2/2              2/2               2/2               1/1

In compliance with the Listing Rules, the Company appointed INEDs with at least one of them having appropriate
professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise. The INEDs, together with the executive
Directors, ensure that the Board prepares its financial and other mandatory reports in strict compliance with the relevant
standards. The Company received annual confirmation of independence under Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules from each of
the INEDs and believes that their independence is in compliance with the Listing Rules.

The term of appointment pursuant to the letters of appointment of Dr Kung Wai Chiu Marco, Mr. Tang Chi Wang and
Ms. Wang Yao is for a period of 3 years till January 2026 and the term of service shall be renewable automatically for a
successive term of 3 years each commencing from the expiry of the then current term of the appointment, unless terminated
by either party giving to the other party not less than 3 months’ notice in writing. The non-executive Directors are subject to
the requirement that one-third of all the Directors shall retire from office by rotation at each annual general meeting of the
Company pursuant to the third amended and restated articles of association of the Company (the “Articles of Association”).




                                                                                                                                   15
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

     The Company adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as
     set out in Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules as the codes of conduct regarding securities transactions by Directors and by
     relevant employees of the Group. All Directors have confirmed, following specific enquiries by the Company, that they fully
     complied with the Model Code and its code of conduct regarding the Directors’ securities transactions during the year.

     The Company also adopted Required Standard of Dealings for Securities Transaction by Employees as its written guidelines
     (the “Employees Written Guidelines”) in respect of securities transaction dealings by relevant employees who are likely to be
     in possession of unpublished price-sensitive information of the Company. No incident of non-compliance of the Employees
     Written Guidelines by the relevant employees was noted by the Company.

     CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT OF DIRECTORS

     All directors have participated in continuous professional development during the year. According to the records provided
     by the Directors, the participation by each Director in the continuous professional development (“CPD”) was recorded as
     follows:

     The executive Directors, Mr. Xu Xuping and Mr. Xu Tiancheng, participated in CPD activities by way of attending training and
     reading materials covering topics including economy, corporate governance and directors’ duties and responsibilities.

     The INED, Dr Kung Wai Chiu Marco, participated in CPD activities by way of attending training covering topics including
     corporate governance, Listing Rules updates as well as annual corporate and regulatory update and international tax system.

     The INED, Mr. Tang Chi Wang, participated in CPD activities by way of attending training and reading materials covering
     topics including guide for independent non-executive directors and director’s guide.

     The INED, Ms. Wang Yao, participated in CPD activities by way of attending training covering topics including corporate
     governance.

     BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY

     The Company adopted a board diversity policy (the “Board Diversity Policy”) which sets out the approach to achieve a
     higher level of diversity and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board to enhance the quality of its performance. The
     Company aims to build and maintain a Board with a diversity of Directors, in terms of, amongst other things, gender, age,
     cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge, length of services, and any other
     factors that the Board may consider relevant and applicable from time to time, such as independence. These differences will
     be taken into account in determining the optimum composition of the Board.

     In designing the Board’s composition, Board diversity has been considered from a number of aspects, including but
     not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge,
     independence and length of service, and any other factors that the Board may consider relevant and applicable from time to
     time.




16
                                                                                    Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The nomination committee of the Company (the “NC”) will consider candidates on merit against objective criteria and with
due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board. Emphasis should be placed on ensuring a balanced composition of
skills and experience at the Board level in order to provide a range of perspectives, insights and challenge that enable the
Board to discharge its duties and responsibilities effectively and support good decision making in view of the core businesses
and strategy of the Group.

The NC will discuss and agree annually measurable objectives that the Board has set for implementing the Board Diversity
Policy for nomination of directors to the Board and recommend them to the Board for adoption. The NC monitors the
implementation of the Board Diversity Policy, reviews and assesses annually the composition of the Board under diversified
perspectives and makes recommendations to the Board on appointment of new directors of the Company. The NC also
oversees the conduct of the annual review of the effectiveness of the Board.

The Board currently comprises 1 female Director and 4 male Directors. The Board has already met the objective of having
at least 1 female representative on its board. She is based in Singapore and possessed the relevant experience in the
construction industry who can provide valuable insights to the Board.

The NC will ensure that female candidates are included for consideration whenever it seeks to identify a new director to the
Board. The Group will basically rely on its contacts or referrals to develop its pipeline of potential successors to the Board.
Gender is one aspect of diversity and a new director will continue to be selected on the basis of his/her skills, experience,
knowledge, insights and relevance to the Board. The Board Diversity Policy and the nomination policy of the Company can
ensure that there will be a pipeline of potential successors to the Board which continues the existing gender diversity in the
Board.

There is no specific gender ratio that the Group is striving to achieve as long as the employees possess the necessary
experience, skills and knowledge to perform his/her work. Opportunities for employment, training and career development
are equally opened to all eligible employees without discrimination. In our construction industry, it is currently dominated by
males as a lot of physical works are involved, so achieving gender diversity is a big challenge. As at 28 February 2026, the
Group has 400 employees under its payroll, comprising 349 males and 51 females as compared against 384 males and 55
females in the previous year; and the gender ratio of the Group’s workforce (including senior management) was 87.3% (2025:
87.5%) male and 12.7% (2025: 12.5%) female.

REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

The Company established a remuneration committee in November 2019 with written terms of reference in compliance with
the CG Code of the Listing Rules. The remuneration committee of the Company (the “RC”) comprises 3 INEDs, namely Ms.
Wang Yao, Dr Kung Wai Chiu Marco and Mr. Tang Chi Wang. The committee is chaired by Ms. Wang Yao.

The primary duties of the RC are to make recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and structure for all
Directors’ and senior management remuneration and on the establishment of a formal and transparent procedure for
developing remuneration policy; review and approve the management’s remuneration proposals and make recommendations
to the Board on the remuneration of the Directors. The Directors are remunerated with reference to their respective duties
and responsibility with the Company, the Company’s performance and current market situation. The RC adopted the model
under the CG Code to make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual executive Directors
and senior management.




                                                                                                                                   17
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     During the year, the RC reviewed the Group’s remuneration policy and structure; and the remuneration packages of the
     Directors of the Company and the senior management of the Group and reviewed and approved all disclosure statements in
     the results announcements, reports and circular of the Company in relation to the RC.

     Details of the Directors’ remuneration for the year are disclosed in note 10 to the consolidated financial statements and the
     retirement benefits plans is disclosed in note 38 to the consolidated financial statements.

     NOMINATION COMMITTEE

     The Company established a Nomination Committee (NC) in November 2019 with written terms of reference in compliance
     with the CG Code of the Listing Rules. The NC comprises 3 INEDs, namely Mr. Tang Chi Wang, Dr Kung Wai Chiu Marco
     and Ms. Wang Yao. The committee is chaired by Mr. Tang Chi Wang.

     The primary duties of the NC are to review the structure, size and composition of the Board, identify individuals suitably
     qualified to become members of the Board, assess the independence of INEDs and make recommendations to the Board
     on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors.

     The NC shall nominate suitable candidates to the Board for it to consider and make recommendations to shareholders for
     election as Directors at general meetings of the Company or appoint as Directors to fill casual vacancies. The factors used as
     reference by the NC in assessing the suitability of a proposed candidate are as follows:

     –     character and integrity;

     –     qualifications including professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience that are relevant to the Company’s
           business and corporate strategy;

     –     accomplishment and experience business from time to time conducted, engaged in or invested in by any member of
           the Group;

     –     commitment in respect of available time and relevant interest;

     –     requirement for the Board to have independent directors in accordance with the Listing Rules and whether the
           candidates would be considered independent with reference to the independence guidelines set out in the Listing
           Rules;

     –     Board Diversity Policy and any measurable objectives adopted by the NC for achieving diversity on the Board; and

     –     such other perspectives appropriate to the Company’s business.

     For filling a casual vacancy, the NC shall make recommendations for the Board’s consideration and approval.

     For proposing candidates to stand for election at a general meeting of the Company, the NC shall make nominations to the
     Board for its consideration and recommendation. The NC shall review the overall contribution and service to the Company of
     the retiring director including his/her attendance of Board meetings and, where applicable, general meetings, and the level of
     participation and performance on the Board. The NC shall also review and determine whether the retiring director continues
     to meet the criteria as set out above. The NC and/or the Board shall then make recommendation to shareholders of the
     Company in respect of the proposed re-election of director at general meetings of the Company.


18
                                                                                     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


For any person that is nominated by a shareholder for election as a director at the general meeting of the Company
pursuant to its constitutional documents, the NC shall evaluate such candidate based on the criteria as set out above to
determine whether such candidate is qualified for directorship and where appropriate, the NC and/or the Board shall make
recommendation to shareholders in respect of the proposed election of director at the general meeting of the Company.

The NC shall, upon receipt of the proposal on appointment of new director and the biographical information (or relevant
details) of the candidate, evaluate such candidate based on the criteria as set out above to determine whether such
candidate is qualified for directorship. If the process yields one or more desirable candidates, the NC shall rank them by
order of preference based on the needs of the Company and reference check of each candidate (where applicable). The NC
shall then recommend to appoint the appropriate candidate for directorship. The Board shall have the ultimate responsibility
for selection and appointment of Directors.

Each of the executive Directors entered into a service agreement with the Company for an initial term of 3 years commencing
from January 2020. The term of service shall be renewable automatically for successive terms of 1 year each commencing
from the next day after the expiry of the then current term of the appointment, unless terminated by either party giving to the
other party not less than 3 months’ notice in writing or otherwise in accordance with the terms of the service agreement.

Each of the INEDs entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for a fixed term of 3 years commencing from
January 2020. The term of service shall be renewable automatically for a successive term of 3 years each commencing from
the expiry of the then current term of the appointment, unless terminated by either party giving to the other party not less
than 3 months’ notice in writing.

All Directors are subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at the annual general meeting of the Company in
accordance with the Articles of Association.

According to Articles 84(1)–(2) of the Articles of Association, at each annual general meeting of the Company one-third of the
Directors for the time being (or, if their number is not a multiple of three, the number nearest to but not less than one-third)
shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director shall be subject to retirement at an annual general meeting
of the Company at least once every 3 years. A retiring Director shall be eligible for re-election and shall continue to act as
a Director throughout the meeting at which he retires. The Directors to retire by rotation shall include (so far as necessary
to ascertain the number of Directors to retire by rotation) any Director who wishes to retire and not to offer himself for
re-election. Any further Directors so to retire shall be those of the other Directors subject to retirement by rotation who have
been longest in office since their last re-election or appointment and so that as between persons who became or were last
re-elected Directors on the same day those to retire shall (unless they otherwise agree among themselves) be determined
by lot. Any Director appointed by the Board pursuant to Article 83(3) shall not be taken into account in determining which
particular Directors or the number of Directors who are to retire by rotation.

According to Article 83(3) of the Articles of Association, the Directors shall have the power from time to time and at any time
to appoint any person as a Director either to fill a casual vacancy on the Board or as an addition to the existing Board. Any
Director so appointed shall hold office only until the first annual general meeting of the Company after his appointment and
shall then be eligible for re-election.

During the year, the NC reviewed the structure, size, composition and effectiveness of the Board, the board diversity policy
of the Company and the INEDs’ annual confirmation on independence; assessed the independence of INEDs; recommended
the Directors for re-election at the annual general meeting of the Company; and reviewed and approved all disclosure
statements in the results announcements, reports and circular of the Company in relation to the NC.



                                                                                                                                    19
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     AUDIT COMMITTEE

     The Company established an audit committee in November 2019 with written terms of reference in compliance with the CG
     Code of the Listing Rules. The audit committee of the Company comprises 3 INEDs, namely Dr Kung Wai Chiu Marco, Mr.
     Tang Chi Wang and Ms. Wang Yao. The committee is chaired by Dr Kung Wai Chiu Marco.

     The primary duties of the audit committee of the Company are to review the risk management and internal control systems
     and the financial information, including accounting policies and practices and financial reporting of the Company; review
     the financial statements and reports of the Group; and review the terms of engagement and the scope of audit work of the
     auditor.

     During the year, the audit committee of the Company reviewed the accounting principles and policies adopted by the Group
     with the management of the Company and the internal control and risk management systems of the Group; discussed
     the auditing, internal control and financial reporting matters; and reviewed and approved all disclosure statements in the
     announcements and reports of the Company in relation to the audit committee of the Company.

     DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE COMPANY AND THE
     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE GROUP

     The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for overseeing the preparation of the financial statements of the Company
     which give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Company on a going concern basis and which are in compliance
     with the relevant accounting standard and principles, applicable laws and disclosure provisions of the Listing Rules. The
     Directors also acknowledge their responsibility for overseeing the preparation of the consolidated financial statements of the
     Group in accordance with the basis of presentation and preparation set out in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements
     on a going concern basis and which are in compliance with the relevant accounting standard and principles, applicable laws
     and disclosure provisions of the Listing Rules. The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or
     conditions which may cast significant doubt upon the Company’s and the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.

     AUDITORS AND THEIR REMUNERATION

     The statement of the auditors of the Company about their reporting responsibilities on the financial statements of the
     Company and the consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 28 February 2026 is set out in the
     section “Independent Auditors’ Report” of this report. During the year, remuneration paid and payable to the Group’s
     auditor in respect of the year ended 28 February 2026 is approximately S$172,000 for annual audit fee and nil for non-audit
     services.

     RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

     The Company is aiming to develop a sound and good internal control system and build risk awareness and control
     responsibility into the Group. The Board acknowledges its responsibility for maintaining a sound and effective risk
     management and internal control systems in order to safeguard the interests of the shareholders and the assets of the
     Company against unauthorized use or disposition, ensuring maintenance of proper books and records for the provision of
     reliable financial information, and ensuring compliance with the relevant rules and regulations. The Board is responsible for
     reviewing the effectiveness and adequacy of the Group’s risk management and internal control systems. Such risks include
     material risk relating to Environmental, Social and Governance. Details are set out in the section “Environmental, Social and
     Governance Report” of this report.



20
                                                                                      Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The objectives of risk management and internal control systems are to maintain the highest possible integrity and continuity
for services provided by the Company; safeguard the assets, including people, property and financial resources; ensure the
uninterrupted availability of resources for the Company to perform continuously the critical business functions to support its
critical objectives; ensure to appropriately deal with disruption; demonstrate responsible business continuity management
processes to align with applicable accepted best practice standards and methods; and ensure the accurate and timely
provision of information to staff, business partners, stakeholders and other relevant levels of government during an outage
event.

The Board is responsible to identify, analyse, evaluate and monitor risks associated with any activity, function or process
within their relevant scope of responsibility and authority for all activities and processes associated with the normal operation.
The Company has established a risk management policy and procedures for the Group setting out the risk management
process, risk assessment matrix and risk register.

The main elements of the risk management process are to communicate and consult with internal and external stakeholders
as appropriate at each stage of the risk management process and concerning the process as a whole; establish the external,
internal and risk management context and the criteria against which risk to be evaluated; identify where, when, why and how
events to prevent, degrade, delay or enhance the achievement of the objectives; determine consequences and likelihood of
the level of risk by analysing the range of potential consequences to be occurred; compare estimated levels of risk against
the pre-established criteria and consider the balance between potential benefits and adverse outcomes; develop and
implement specific cost-effective strategies and action plans for increasing potential benefits and reducing potential costs;
and monitor the effectiveness of all steps of the risk management process. Risks are effectively managed by the Group
through the effective implementation of various controls including board approved risk management framework; maintenance
of risk register; and regular review of risks and controls, particularly as the business changes. The Board would, at least
annually, review the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control systems, including
financial, operational and compliance controls.

The Group’s risk management and internal control systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to
achieve business objectives and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or
loss.

The procedures and internal controls of the Company for handling and dissemination of inside information includes
conducting the affairs of the Company with close regard to the Guidelines on Disclosure of Inside Information published by
Securities and Futures Commission and the Listing Rules and reminding the Directors and employees of the Group regularly
about due compliance with all policies regarding the inside information.

During the year, the Board reviewed the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control systems and
considered the Group’s risk management and internal control systems are effective and adequate.

The Group does not have an internal audit function within the Group. The audit committee of the Company will, as and when
necessary, make an assessment and then recommend to the Board the appointment of internal audit professionals (with
the requisite qualifications and experience) to undertake the internal audit function of the Group for the relevant financial
years. The Board concurs with the audit committee of the Company that it is not necessary for the Group to set up an
internal audit function, but on an annual basis, the Company with the concurrence of the audit committee of the Company,
will commission internal auditors to review the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control systems.
The Company has whistleblowing arrangements for employees and those who deal with the Company (e.g., customers
and suppliers) to raise concerns, in confidence and anonymity, with the audit committee (or any designated committee
comprising a majority of independent non-executive directors) about possible improprieties in the matters of financial
reporting and management.



                                                                                                                                     21
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     COMPANY SECRETARY

     During the year, Ms. Fung Mei Ling resigned, and Mr. Lee Tsi Fun Nicholas, a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
     Public Accountants, was appointed as the company secretary of the Company with effect from 25 April 2025. Mr. Lee Tsi
     Fun Nicholas subsequently resigned as the company secretary with effect from 6 February 2026. On the same day, the
     Company appointed Ms. Chow Yuk Yin Ivy, executive director of corporate services of Acclime Corporate Services Limited
     and a fellow of both the Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute and the Chartered Governance Institute in the United
     Kingdom as its company secretary.

     Ms. Chow Yuk Yin Ivy and Mr. Lee Tsi Fun Nicholas undertaken not less than 15 hours of relevant professional training
     during the year ended 28 February 2026, as required under Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules. Ms. Yap Hui Yan, the Group’s
     chief financial officer has been designated as the primary contact person of the Company who will work and communicate
     with the Company’s company secretary on corporate governance and company secretarial matters.

     SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

     Pursuant to the Articles of Association, any one or more shareholders of the Company (the “Shareholder(s)”) holding at the
     date of deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company carrying the right of voting at
     general meetings of the Company, on a one vote per share basis, shall at all times have the right, by written requisition to the
     Board or the company secretary of the Company, to require an extraordinary general meeting of the Company to be called
     by the Board for the transaction of any business or resolution specified in such requisition and may also add resolutions
     to the agenda of a meeting; and such meeting shall be held within 2 months after the deposit of such requisition. If within
     twenty-one days of such deposit the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting the requisitionist(s) himself (themselves)
     may do so in the same manner, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the
     Board shall be reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by the Company.

     The Shareholders who wish to move a resolution may request the Company to convene a general meeting following the
     procedures set out in the preceding paragraph. The written requisition should be signed by the requisitionists and deposited
     at the Company’s principal place of business in Hong Kong, specifying the Shareholders’ contact details and the resolution
     intended to be put forward at general meeting of the Company.

     For including a resolution to propose a person for election as a Director at general meeting of the Company, the Shareholders
     are requested to follow the Articles of Association. A written notice signed by the Shareholder (other than the person to be
     proposed) duly qualified to attend and vote at the meeting for which such notice is given of his intention to propose such
     person for election and also a written notice signed by the person to be proposed of his willingness to be elected shall have
     been lodged at the Company’s principal place of business in Hong Kong or at the Hong Kong branch share registrar and
     transfer office of the Company provided that such notices must be lodged with the Company at least fourteen days prior to
     the date of the general meeting of election but no earlier than the day after despatch of the notice of the general meeting of
     the Company appointed for such election. The written notice must state that person’s biographical details as required by
     Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules. The procedures for the Shareholders to propose a person for election as a Director are
     posted on the Company’s website.




22
                                                                                   Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



                                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


INVESTOR RELATIONS

The objective of the Shareholders’ communication policy is to ensure timely, transparent and accurate communications
between the Shareholders and the Company.

Information is communicated to the Shareholders mainly through the Company’s half-year reports, annual reports and where
applicable, quarterly reports, general meetings, as well as the corporate communications and publications published on the
website of the Stock Exchange and on the Company’s website (www.ctrholdings.com).

The Shareholders should direct their enquiries about their shareholdings to the Company’s branch share registrar and
transfer office in Hong Kong. The Shareholders may at any time make a request for the Company’s information to the extent
that such information is publicly available. The Shareholders may also make enquiries to the Board by writing to the company
secretary of the Company at the Company’s principal place of business in Hong Kong at Unit B, 17/F, United Centre, 95
Queensway, Hong Kong.

Upon reviewing the implementation and effectiveness of the Shareholders’ communication policy of the Company, the Board
considers the policy and its implementation are effective as the policy provides effective channels for the Shareholders to
communicate their views with the Company and the Company complied with the principles and required practices as set out
in the policy during the year.

DIVIDEND POLICY

The Board has adopted a Dividend Policy for the Company, the details of which are set out in the section “Dividend Policy”
in the Report of Directors of this report.

CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS

During the year, following the passing of the special resolution, the proposed amendments to the second amended and
restated articles of association of the Company were duly approved and the third amended and restated articles of association
of the Company were duly adopted by the Shareholders at the annual general meeting of the Company held on 28 August
2025.




                                                                                                                                  23
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     The Board presents the annual report together with the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year
     ended 28 February 2026 (“Consolidated Financial Statements”).

     PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

     The Company is an investment holding company and the principal activities of its operating subsidiaries are the provision of
     structural engineering works and wet architectural works. The principal activities of the subsidiaries of the Group are set out
     in note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. There were no significant changes to Group’s principal activities during
     the year ended 28 February 2026.

     BUSINESS REVIEW, FUTURE PROSPECT AND EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

     The business review, future prospect and events after the Reporting Period of the Group for the year ended 28 February
     2026 are set out in the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” on pages 4 to 8 of this report. The discussion
     therein forms part of the report of Directors.

     FINANCIAL SUMMARY

     A summary of the published results and assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is set out on page
     139 of this report.

     COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS

     The business operations of the Group are subject to the laws and regulations in Singapore. Sufficient resources and training
     have been allocated and provided to ensure the on-going compliance with applicable laws and regulations.

     The Group is principally engaged in the provision of structural engineering works and wet architectural works in Singapore
     and is thus subject to the rules and regulations implemented by Building and Construction Authority, which regulate activities
     of contractors. The Company confirmed that the Group had obtained all the registrations and certifications required for its
     business and operations in Singapore, and had complied with the applicable laws and regulations in Singapore in all material
     respects during the year ended 28 February 2026.

     ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

     The Board has overall responsibility for the Group’s environmental, social and governance strategy and reporting. The Board
     is responsible for the Group’s ESG risk management and internal control systems to ensure that the ESG strategies and
     reporting requirements are met. Detailed information on the environmental, social and governance practices adopted by the
     Group is set out in the sections headed “Environmental, Social and Governance Report” (“ESG Report”) on pages 36 to 76
     of this report.




24
                                                                                   Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



                                                          REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year ended 28 February 2026 are set out
in note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this report.

INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

Details of movements in the investment properties of the Group during the year ended 28 February 2026 are set out in note
16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

SUBSIDIARIES

Particulars of the Company’s subsidiaries during the year ended 28 February 2026 are set out in note 1 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements.

SHARE CAPITAL

Details of movements in the share capital of the Company during the year ended 28 February 2026 are set out in note 30 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements.

RESERVES AND DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

Details of movements in the reserves of the Group for the year ended 28 February 2026 are set out in the “Consolidated
Statement of Changes in Equity” on page 84 of this report. As at 28 February 2026, the Group has reserves amounting to
approximately S$55.8 million available for distribution (2025: approximately S$41.4 million).

PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

The Group’s financial position, results of operations and business prospects may be affected by a number of risks and
uncertainties directly and indirectly. The key risks and uncertainties relating to the business are as follows:

–    The Group’s revenue was primarily generated from contracts awarded by the top five customers and the Group’s
     financial condition could be adversely affected should there be any decrease in projects secured from any of them;

–    Majority of workforce is made up of foreign workers and inability in recruiting and/or retaining foreign workers could
     materially affect the Group’s operations and financial performance; and

–    As the Group from time to time engages subcontractors in the works, the Group may bear responsibilities for any
     non-performance, delayed performance, sub-standard performance or non-compliance of the Group’s subcontractors.

A detailed discussion of the risk factors is set forth in the section headed “Risk Factors” in the Prospectus published on 30
December 2019.




                                                                                                                                  25
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     DIRECTORS

     The directors of the Company during the financial year and up to the date of this report were:

     Executive Directors

     Mr. Xu Xuping (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)
     Mr. Xu Tiancheng

     Independent Non-Executive Directors

     Dr Kung Wai Chiu Marco
     Mr. Tang Chi Wang
     Ms. Wang Yao

     In accordance with Article 84 of the Articles of Association, Mr. Xu Tiancheng and Mr. Tang Chi Wang will retire by rotation
     and, being eligible, will offer themselves for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company.

     The Company received annual confirmation of independence from each of the INEDs as required under Rule 3.13 of the
     Listing Rules. The Company considered all INEDs to be independent.

     DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S BIOGRAPHIES

     Biographical information of the Directors and the senior management of the Group are set out on pages 9 to 13 of this
     report.

     CHANGES IN INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS

     Mr. Tang Chi Wang resigned as an independent non-executive director of Thelloy Development Group Limited, a company
     listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 1546) with effective from 10 April 2026.

     Save for the information disclosed above, there is no other information required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1)
     of the Listing Rules.

     DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS

     Each of the executive Directors entered into a service agreement with the Company for an initial term of 3 years commencing
     from 15 January 2020. The term of service shall be renewable automatically for successive terms of 1 year each
     commencing from the next day after the expiry of the then current term of the appointment, unless terminated by either party
     giving to the other party not less than three months’ notice in writing or otherwise in accordance with the terms of the service
     agreement.

     Each of the INEDs entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for a fixed term of 3 years commencing from 15
     January 2020. The term of service shall be renewable automatically for a successive term of 3 years each commencing from
     the expiry of the then current term of the appointment, unless terminated by either party giving to the other party not less
     than 3 months’ notice in writing.




26
                                                                                   Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



                                                          REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


None of the Directors, including those to be re-elected at the annual general meeting of the Company, has a service contract
or letter of appointment with the Company or any of its subsidiaries which is not determinable by the employing company
within 1 year without the payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).

MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
Company were entered into or existed during the year ended 28 February 2026.

DEBENTURE ISSUED

The Group did not issue any debenture during the year ended 28 February 2026.

EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

Save as disclosed in “Share Option Scheme” as set out in this section, no equity-linked agreements were entered into by the
Group, or existed during the year ended 28 February 2026.

DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS

Details of the Directors’ emoluments and the five highest paid individuals are set out in notes 10 and 11 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements respectively.

MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

For the year ended 28 February 2026, the aggregate purchases attributable to the Group’s largest supplier and the five
largest suppliers (including the subcontractors) in aggregate accounted for approximately 17.4% and 57.6% (FY2024/2025:
approximately 26.4% and 69.4%) respectively of the Group’s total purchases. For the year ended 28 February 2026, revenue
attributable to the Group’s largest customer and the five largest customers in aggregate accounted for approximately 40.9%
and 82.1% (FY2024/2025: approximately 20.2% and 76.4%) respectively of the Group’s total revenue. To the best of the
Directors’ knowledge, none of the Directors and none of the Shareholders (which, to the best knowledge of the Directors,
owns more than 5% of the Company’s issued share capital) and none of their respective close associates had any material
beneficial interest in the Group’s five largest customers or suppliers during the year.

SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, at least 25% of the
Company’s total issued share capital was held by the public as at the date of this report.

AUDITORS

HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited (“HLB”) will retire and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-appointment at the
forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company. A resolution to re-appoint HLB, the retiring auditor, as auditor of the
Company is to be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company.




                                                                                                                                  27
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     EMOLUMENT POLICY OF THE GROUP

     The emolument policy for the employees of the Group is set up by the human resource department on the basis of their
     merit, qualifications and competence. The emoluments of the Directors and senior management are formulated and
     recommended by the remuneration committee of the Company to the Board, having regards to the Company’s operating
     results, individual performance and current market situation. The Company has adopted the Share Option Scheme as a
     long-term incentive scheme to the Directors and eligible employees of the Group, details of which are set out in the section
     headed “Share Option Scheme” below.

     PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

     Pursuant to the Articles of Association, every Director or other officers of the Company shall be indemnified and secured
     harmless out of the assets and profits of the Company from and against all actions, costs, charges, losses, damages and
     expenses which they or any of them, their or any of their heirs, executors or administrators, shall or may incur or sustain
     by or by reason of any act done, concurred in or omitted in or about the execution of their duty, or supposed duty, in their
     respective offices or trusts; provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty
     which may attach to any of said persons. Such permitted indemnity provision is currently in force and was in force
     throughout the year ended 28 February 2026.

     DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

     Apart from the contracts relating to the Reorganisation of the Group in relation to the Listing and save for the related party
     transactions disclosed in note 34 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, no transaction, arrangement or contract of
     significance to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or its holding company was a party, and in which a Director or
     an entity connected with a Director had a material interests, either directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at
     any time during the year ended 28 February 2026. During the year, the Group did not enter into any connected transactions
     that are disclosable under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

     NON-COMPETITION UNDERTAKING

     Mr. Xu Xuping, Mr. Xu Tiancheng and Ms. Gou Shuzhen (collectively, the “Covenantors”) entered into a deed of non-
     competition dated 26 November 2019 in favour of the Company (for itself and as trustee for and on behalf of its subsidiaries)
     (the “Deed of Non-Competition”). Pursuant to the Deed of Non-Competition, each of the Covenantors jointly, severally,
     unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes that, from the Listing Date and ending on the occurrence of the earliest of (i)
     the day on which the Shares cease to be listed on the Main Board; (ii) the day on which the Covenantors and their close
     associates, individually or taken as a whole, cease to own, in aggregate, 30% or more of the then issued share capital
     of the Company directly or indirectly, or cease to be deemed as a Controlling Shareholder of the Company and cease to
     have power to control the Board; or (iii) the day on which the Covenantors beneficially own or become interested jointly or
     severally in the entire issued share capital of the Company, he/she/it will not, and will use his/her/its best endeavours to
     procure his/her/its close associates (excluding the Group) (together with the Covenantors, the “Controlled Persons”) not to,
     either on his/her/its own or in conjunction with any person, body corporate, partnership, joint venture or other contractual
     agreement, whether directly or indirectly, whether profit or not, among other things, carry on, participate in, hold, engage in,
     be interested in, acquire or operate, or provide any form of assistance to any person, firm or company (except members of
     the Group), in any business or activity which, directly or indirectly, in competition with or likely to be in competition with the
     existing business activity of any member of the Group or any business activity to be conducted by any member of the Group
     from time to time, or take any action which interferes with or disrupts or may interfere with or may disrupt the business
     carried on or contemplated to be carried on by the Company or any of its subsidiaries in Singapore and such other places as
     the Company or any of its subsidiaries may conduct or carry on business from time to time, including but not limited to the
     solicitation of any of the customers, suppliers or employees of any member of the Group.


28
                                                                                     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Each of the Controlled Persons further undertakes that if any business investment or other commercial opportunity (the
“new business opportunity”) which may compete with the business of the Group is identified by or offered to him/her/it,
he/she/it shall promptly notify the Company in writing within 10 days and refer the same to the Company for consideration.
The Company shall issue a non-acceptance notice or within 30 days after the receipt of the proposal of the new business
opportunity without issuing non-acceptance notice, to notify the Covenantors whether the Group will exercise the right of
refusal.

All independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the compliance of the Deed of Non-Competition entered into by
the controlling shareholders of the Company as to whether the Covenantors had abided by the Deed of Non-Competition.
All independent non-executive Directors also confirmed that the Covenantors had not been in breach of the Deed of Non-
Competition during the year ended 28 February 2026.

SHARE OPTION SCHEME

Subject to, amongst others, compliance of the relevant provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules in force from time
to time, the principal terms of the Share Option Scheme conditionally adopted under the written resolutions of the sole
Shareholder passed on 22 November 2019 are set out below:

(1)   Purpose

      The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to enable the Company to grant options to the eligible participants as
      incentives or rewards for their contribution to the Group and/or to enable the Group to recruit and retain high-calibre
      employees and attract human resources that are valuable to the Group or any entity in which any member of the
      Group holds any equity interest (the “Invested Entity”).

(2)   Eligible Participants

      The Directors shall, subject to and in accordance with the provisions of the Share Option Scheme and the Listing
      Rules, grant options to:

      (i)     any employee (whether full-time or part-time, including the directors (including any non-executive Director
              and independent non-executive Director)) of the Company, any of its subsidiaries (within the meaning of the
              Companies Ordinance) or any Invested Entity (an “eligible employee”);

      (ii)    any supplier of goods or services to any member of the Group or any Invested Entity;

      (iii)   any customer of any member of the Group or any Invested Entity;

      (iv)    any person or entity that provides research, development or other technological support to any member of the
              Group or any Invested Entity;

      (v)     any shareholder of any member of the Group or any Invested Entity or any holder of any securities issued by any
              member of the Group or any Invested Entity;

      (vi)    any adviser (professional or otherwise), consultant, individual or equity who in the opinion of the Directors has
              contributed or will contribute to the growth and development of the Group; and



                                                                                                                                    29
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


           (vii)   any other groups or classes of participants who have contributed or may contribute by way of joint venture,
                   business alliance or other business arrangement to the development and growth of the Group,

           and, for the purpose of the Share Option Scheme, the offer for the grant of an option may be made to any company
           wholly owned by one or more eligible participants. For the avoidance of doubt, the grant of any options by the
           Company for the subscription of Shares or other securities of the Group to any person who falls within any of the
           above classes of eligible participants shall not, by itself, unless the Directors otherwise determine, be construed as a
           grant of option under the Share Option Scheme.

           The eligibility of any of the eligible participants to an offer under the Share Option Scheme shall be determined by the
           Directors from time to time on the basis of the Directors’ opinion as to such eligible participant’s contribution to the
           development and growth of the Group.

     (3)   Total Number of Shares available for use

           A maximum of 140,000,000 Shares, being 10% of the total number of Shares in issue as at the date of this report,
           may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option
           schemes of the Group.

     (4)   Maximum Entitlement of Each Eligible Participant

           The total number of Shares issued and which may fall to be issued upon exercise of the options granted under the
           Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Group (including both exercised or outstanding
           options) to each eligible participant who accepts the offer for the grant of an option under the Share Option Scheme (a
           “grantee”) in any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the issued share capital of the Company for the time being.
           Where any further grant of options under the Share Option Scheme to a grantee would result in the Shares issued and
           to be issued upon exercise of all options granted and proposed to be granted to such person (including exercised,
           cancelled and outstanding options) under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Group
           in the 12-month period up to and including the date of such further grant representing in aggregate over 1% of the
           share capital of the Company in issue, such further grant shall be separately approved by the Shareholders of the
           Company in general meeting with such grantee and his close associates (or his associates if the eligible participant is a
           connected person) abstaining from voting.

     (5)   Option Period

           An option may be exercised in accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme at any time during a period to
           be determined and notified by the Directors to the grantee thereof, and in the absence of such determination, from
           the date of acceptance of the offer of such option to the earlier of (i) the date on which such option lapses under the
           relevant provisions of the Share Option Scheme; and (ii) the date falling 10 years from the offer date of that option.

     (6)   Minimum Vesting Period

           There is no minimum period for which an option must be held before the exercise of any option save as otherwise
           imposed by the Board in the relevant offer of options.




30
                                                                                     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


(7)   Payment on Acceptance of the Option

      An offer shall have been accepted by an eligible participant in respect of all Shares which are offered to such eligible
      participant when the duplicate letter comprising acceptance of the offer duly signed by the eligible participant together
      with a remittance in favour of the Company of HK$1.00 by way of consideration for the grant thereof is received by the
      Company within such time as may be specified in the offer (which shall not be later than 21 days from the offer date).
      Such remittance shall in no circumstances be refundable.

(8)   Basis of Determining the Exercise Price

      The subscription price in respect of any option granted under the Share Option Scheme shall be at the discretion of
      the Directors, provided that it shall not be less than the highest of:

      (i)     the closing price of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet for trade in one or more
              board lots of the Shares on the date (the “offer date”), which shall be a business day, on which an offer of grant
              of an option to eligible participant shall be approved by the Shareholders of the Company in general meeting;

      (ii)    the average closing price of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheets for the 5
              business days immediately preceding the offer date; and

      (iii)   the nominal value of a Share.

(9)   Remaining Life

      Subject to any prior termination by the Company in a general meeting, the Share Option Scheme shall be valid and
      effective for a period of 10 years commencing on the date on which the Share Option Scheme is adopted. Options
      granted and remaining unexercised prior to the termination of the Share Option Scheme shall continue to be valid and
      exercisable in accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme. As at 28 February 2026, the remaining life of
      the Share Option Scheme is approximately 3 years and 4 months.

      Since the adoption of the Share Option Scheme, no option has been granted under the Share Option Scheme.
      Therefore, no option was exercised or cancelled or has lapsed during the year ended 28 February 2026 and there was
      no outstanding option as at 28 February 2026 since its adoption and up to the date of this annual report. Therefore,
      there were no shares that may be issued in respect of share options granted under all schemes of the Company during
      the year ended 28 February 2026, being 0% of the weighted average number of shares of the relevant class in issue
      for the year ended 28 February 2026.

      The Company did not have any outstanding share options, warrants and instruments convertible into shares as at 28
      February 2026 and up to the date of this annual report. The number of options available for grant under the Share
      Option Scheme at the beginning and the end of the reporting period was 140,000,000. The number of shares available
      for issue under the Share Option Scheme as at the date of this annual report were 140,000,000 shares, which
      represented 10% of the shares in issue (excluding treasury shares).




                                                                                                                                    31
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     RETIREMENT SCHEME

     The Group participates in the Central Provident Fund, which is a comprehensive social security system that enables working
     Singapore citizens and permanent residents to set aside funds for retirement. Save as the aforesaid, the Group did not
     participate in any other pension schemes during the year ended 28 February 2026. Details of the retirement benefits plans
     are disclosed in note 38 to the consolidated financial statements.

     DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES,
     UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS ASSOCIATED
     CORPORATIONS

     As at 28 February 2026, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executives of the Company in the shares,
     underlying shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the
     Securities and Futures Ordinance of Hong Kong (the “SFO”)) which were notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange
     pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they are taken or deemed
     to have under such provisions of the SFO) or which were required, pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the
     register referred to therein or which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the
     Model Code as set out in Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules were as follows:

     (a)   Long positions in the shares of US$0.0001 each of the Company (the “Shares”)

                                                                                                                                            Percentage of
                                                                                                                         Number of           issued share
           Name of Director                                       Nature of interest                                    Shares held                capital

           Mr. Xu Xuping (“Mr. XP Xu”) (Note)                     Interest in controlled corporation                 1,050,000,000                        75%

           Mr. Xu Tiancheng (“Mr. TC Xu”) (Note)                  Interest in controlled corporation                 1,050,000,000                        75%

           Note: The 1,050,000,000 Shares are held by Brave Ocean Limited (“Brave Ocean”) which is beneficially owned as to 40% by Mr. XP Xu, 40% by Mr.
                 TC Xu and 20% by Ms. Gou Shuzhen (“Ms. Gou”). Mr. XP Xu, Mr. TC Xu and Ms. Gou are regarded as a group of controlling shareholders of
                 the Company under the Listing Rules and parties acting in concert to exercise their voting rights in the Company pursuant to a confirmation
                 and undertaking entered into among Mr. XP Xu, Mr. TC Xu and Ms. Gou dated 28 November 2018 (the “Acting in Concert Confirmation and
                 Undertaking”); and they together are interested in a total of 75% of the issued share capital of the Company. Mr. XP Xu and Mr. TC Xu are
                 deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Brave Ocean pursuant to the SFO.


     (b)   Long positions in the shares of associated corporations

                                                                                                                                               Percentage
                                                         Name of                                                                              of interest in
                                                         associated                                                      Number of              associated
           Name of Director                              corporation                  Nature of interest                shares held            corporation

           Mr. XP Xu (Note)                              Brave Ocean                  Beneficial owner                                 4                  40%

           Mr. TC Xu (Note)                              Brave Ocean                  Beneficial owner                                 4                  40%

           Note: The Company is owned as to 75% by Brave Ocean. Brave Ocean is beneficially owned as to 40% by Mr. XP Xu, 40% by Mr. TC Xu and 20% by
                 Ms. Gou. Mr. XP Xu, Mr. TC Xu and Ms. Gou are regarded as a group of controlling shareholders of the Company under the Listing Rules and
                 parties acting in concert to exercise their voting rights in the Company pursuant to the Acting in Concert Confirmation and Undertaking; and they
                 together are interested in a total of 75% of the issued share capital of the Company.

32
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



                                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


Save as disclosed above, as at 28 February 2026, none of the Directors or chief executives of the Company had any
interests or short positions in any shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated
corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which were notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange
pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which they are taken or deemed
to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were required, pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in
register referred to therein, or which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the
Model Code as set out in Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules.

SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY

As at 28 February 2026, the following persons had interests or short positions in the shares and underlying shares of the
Company which were notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO
and entered in the register maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO were as follows:

Long positions in the Shares

                                                                                                                                            Percentage of
                                                                                                                  Number of                  issued share
Name of shareholder                              Nature of interest                                              Shares held                       capital

Brave Ocean (Note 1)                             Beneficial owner                                              1,050,000,000                               75%

Mr. XP Xu (Note 1)                               Interest in controlled corporation                            1,050,000,000                               75%

Mr. TC Xu (Note 1)                               Interest in controlled corporation                            1,050,000,000                               75%

Ms. Le Thi Minh Tam (Note 2)                     Interest of spouse                                            1,050,000,000                               75%

Ms. Lin Qingling (Note 3)                        Interest of spouse                                            1,050,000,000                               75%

Ms. Gou (Note 4)                                 Interests held jointly with another person                    1,050,000,000                               75%

Mr. Xu Junjie (Note 5)                           Interest of spouse                                            1,050,000,000                               75%

Notes:

1.       The 1,050,000,000 Shares are held by Brave Ocean which is beneficially owned as to 40% by Mr. XP Xu, 40% by Mr. TC Xu and 20% by Ms. Gou. Mr.
         XP Xu, Mr. TC Xu and Ms. Gou are regarded as a group of controlling shareholders of the Company under the Listing Rules and parties acting in concert
         to exercise their voting rights in the Company pursuant to the Acting in Concert Confirmation and Undertaking; and they together are interested in a total
         of 75% of the issued share capital of the Company. Mr. XP Xu and Mr. TC Xu are deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Brave Ocean pursuant
         to the SFO.

2.       Ms. Le Thi Minh Tam is the spouse of Mr. XP Xu. Under the SFO, Ms. Le Thi Minh Tam is deemed to be interested in the same number of the Shares in
         which Mr. XP Xu is interested.

3.       Ms. Lin Qingling is the spouse of Mr. TC Xu. Under the SFO, Ms. Lin Qingling is deemed to be interested in the same number of the Shares in which Mr.
         TC Xu is interested.




                                                                                                                                                                      33
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     4.    Mr. XP Xu and Mr. TC Xu are sons of Ms. Gou. Mr. XP Xu, Mr. TC Xu and Ms. Gou hold their interest in the Group through Brave Ocean. Mr. XP Xu,
           Mr. TC Xu and Ms. Gou are persons acting in concert pursuant to the Acting in Concert Confirmation and Undertaking and accordingly each of them is
           deemed to be interested in the Shares held by the others. By the Acting in Concert Confirmation and Undertaking, each of Mr. XP Xu, Mr. TC Xu and
           Ms. Gou confirmed that, since 17 June 2011, they have been parties acting in concert with one another in respect of all major affairs concerning each
           member of the Group, adopted a consensus building approach to reach decisions on a unanimous basis, voted as a group (by themselves and/or
           through companies controlled by them) in respect of all corporate matters relating to the financials and operations of the Group at the shareholder level
           of each member company within the Group (where applicable), and will continue to do so.

     5.    Mr. Xu Junjie is the spouse of Ms. Gou. Under the SFO, Mr. Xu Junjie is deemed to be interested in the same number of the Shares in which Ms. Gou is
           interested.


     Save as disclosed above, as at 28 February 2026, the Company had not been notified by any persons who had interests or
     short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under
     the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register maintained by the Company
     pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.

     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE LISTED SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY

     Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities (including
     sale of treasury shares of the Company) during the year ended 28 February 2026.

     DIVIDEND POLICY

     The Company considers stable and sustainable returns to the Shareholders to be its goal. The Company adopted a dividend
     policy, in declaring or recommending a payment of dividends, to allow the Shareholders to participate in the Company’s
     profits and for the Company to retain adequate reserves for future growth.

     The Company in general meeting may from to time declare dividends in any currency to be paid to the Shareholders but no
     dividend shall be declared in excess of the amount recommended by the Board. The Board may from time to time pay to the
     Shareholders such interim dividends as appear to be justified by the profits of the Company. The payment of dividend is also
     subject to applicable laws and regulations and the Company’s constitutional documents. The dividend policy will continue
     to be reviewed from time to time and there can be no assurance that dividends will be paid in any particular amount for any
     given period.

     In deciding whether to recommend the payment of dividend to the Shareholders, the Board will take into account factors
     such as general business conditions and other internal or external factors, financial condition, expected capital requirements,
     future expansion plans and future prospects of the Group.

     The declaration of or recommendation of declaration of dividends is subject to the absolute discretion of the Board. Even
     if the Board decides to recommend and pay dividends, the form, frequency and amount will depend upon the operations
     and earnings, capital requirements and surplus, general financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors of and
     affecting the Group. The Company may declare and pay dividends by way of cash or scrip or by other means that the Board
     considers appropriate.




34
                                                                                     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



                                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


DIVIDEND

The Board has resolved not to recommend the declaration of a final dividend for the year ended 28 February 2026 (2025:
nil).

SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

There have been no other material events occurring after 28 February 2026 and up to the date of this report.

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s articles of association or the laws of the Cayman Islands,
the jurisdiction in which the Company was incorporated, which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro rata
basis to existing shareholders.

RELIEF FROM TAXATION

The Company is not aware of any relief from taxation available to the Shareholders by reason of their holding of the Shares.
Intending holders and investors of the Company’s shares are recommended to consult their professional advisers if they
are in any doubt as to the taxation implications (including tax relief) of subscribing for, purchasing, holding, disposing of or
dealing in shares. It is emphasised that none of the Company or its Directors or officers will accept any responsibility for
any tax effect on, or liabilities of, holders of shares in the Company resulting from their subscription for, purchase, holding,
disposal of or dealing in such shares.




On behalf of the Board
Mr. Xu Xuping
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director

29 May 2026




                                                                                                                                    35
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
     GOVERNANCE REPORT

     REPORT OVERVIEW

     About this Report

     CTR Holdings Limited (the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) is a Singapore-based contractor
     specialising in structural engineering and wet architectural works. Structural engineering works comprise (i) reinforced
     concrete works which include steel reinforcement works, formwork erection, and concrete works; and (ii) precast installation
     works. Wet architectural works comprise (i) masonry building works; (ii) plastering and screeding works; (iii) tiling works; and (iv)
     waterproofing works. To pursue a successful and sustainable business model, the Group strives to integrate environmental,
     social and governance (“ESG”) aspects into its risk management system and has taken corresponding measures in its daily
     operations to address ESG-related issues.

     This environmental, social and governance report (the “ESG Report”) covers the year from 1 March 2025 to 28 February
     2026 (the “Reporting Period” or “FY2025/2026”). The ESG Report demonstrates the Group’s ongoing commitment towards
     sustainable development and summarises the Group’s ESG initiatives, plans, and performance. Meanwhile, the ESG Report
     provides data for the year ended 28 February 2025 (“FY2024/2025”) to facilitate comparison.

     SCOPE OF REPORTING

     The senior management of the Group identifies the reporting scope by adhering to the materiality principle, considering its
     core business and the level of control over the projects. Hence, the ESG Report generally covers the Group’s structural
     engineering and wet architectural works that are managed under the Group’s direct operational control in Singapore.
     During the Reporting Period, the Group gathered ESG data from its headquarters, warehouse, employee accommodations,
     investment properties, and 22 active projects under direct operational control (including 8 projects as main contractors). The
     Group will continue to assess the major ESG aspects of different businesses and extend the scope of disclosures when and
     where applicable.

     REPORTING FRAMEWORK

     The ESG Report has been prepared in accordance with the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Code (the “ESG
     Reporting Code”) as set out in Appendix C2 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Main Board of The Stock
     Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).

     Information relating to the corporate governance practices of the Group has been set out in the Corporate Governance
     Report of this annual report.




36
                                                                                   Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



                                                     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
                                                           GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Group attaches great importance to the Reporting Principles as stated in the ESG Reporting Code during the
preparation of the ESG Report and has applied the principles as follows:

Materiality: A materiality assessment was conducted to identify material ESG issues during the Reporting Period, thereby
adopting the confirmed material issues as the focus of the ESG Report. The materiality of the ESG issues was reviewed and
confirmed by the board of directors (the “Board”) and the ESG task force (the “Task Force”). Please refer to the sections
headed “Stakeholder Engagement” and “Materiality Assessment” for further details.

Quantitative: The ESG Report is prepared in accordance with the ESG Reporting Code and key performance indicators
(“KPIs”) are disclosed in a quantitative manner. Information regarding the standards, methodologies, assumptions, and/or
calculation references and sources of key conversion factors used for KPIs is stated wherever appropriate.

Consistency: The statistical methodologies applied to the ESG Report are substantially consistent with the previous year (i.e.
FY2024/2025) for meaningful comparison. If there are any changes that may affect the comparison with previous reports, the
Group will make explanatory notes in the corresponding section hereof.

The Group has established internal controls and formal review processes to ensure that the information presented in the
ESG Report is as accurate and reliable as possible. The ESG Report has been approved by the Board.

REPORTING PERIOD

The ESG Report describes the ESG initiatives, plans, and performances of the Group for the year from 1 March 2025 to 28
February 2026, unless otherwise stated.

BOARD STATEMENT

The Board is pleased to present the ESG Report of the Group, which demonstrates its commitment to improving its ESG
performance in six aspects, including corporate governance, environmental protection, climate-related issues, employment
practices, operating practices, and community investment.

As the business of the Group continues to grow, the Board attaches great importance to its sustainability management,
including climate-related issues. With reference to the ESG Reporting Code, the Group has established a multi-level,
effective, and executable ESG management system. The Group continuously updates and improves its ESG management
structure. Employing a top-down management approach, the Board is responsible for the oversight of the Group’s ESG
matters, including climate-related risks and opportunities and the Task Force takes an active role in ESG and climate-related
issues management.

The members of the Board possess the appropriate skills, experience, knowledge, and perspectives necessary to oversee
the Group’s ESG and climate-related matters. The Board must hold at least one meeting each year to establish the overall
ESG approach, including climate-related issues, discuss and assess the risks and opportunities of ESG and climate-related
issues, review the Group’s performance against the ESG and climate-related targets, approve the materiality of the identified
ESG issues, ensure the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control systems, and approve disclosures
in the ESG Report.




                                                                                                                                  37
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
     GOVERNANCE REPORT

     The Task Force is composed of core members from various departments, which facilitates the Board’s oversight of ESG
     and climate-related matters. The Task Force has the responsibility for collecting and analysing ESG and climate-related data,
     monitoring and evaluating the Group’s ESG performance, keeping track of and reviewing the progress made against the
     Group’s ESG and climate-related targets, ensuring compliance with ESG and climate-related laws and regulations, assisting
     in conducting materiality assessments, and preparing ESG reports. The Task Force arranges meetings at least once a year
     to evaluate the effectiveness of current policies and procedures while formulating appropriate solutions to improve the overall
     performance of ESG policies. The Task Force reports to the Board at least once a year to assist the Board in assessing
     and identifying the risks and opportunities of ESG and climate-related issues, as well as ensuring the implementation and
     effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems. More information about the Governance of ESG and
     climate-related issues are described in the section headed “CLIMATE-RELATED DISCLOSURE”.

     To identify and prioritise ESG and climate-related issues that have a significant impact on the Group’s operations and
     stakeholders, the Group continuously communicates with internal and external stakeholders. The Board has delegated the
     Task Force and hired an independent third party to conduct materiality assessments. Information about the stakeholder
     engagement channels and the details of the materiality assessment are stated in the sections headed “STAKEHOLDER
     ENGAGEMENT” and “MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT” respectively. In order to align with stakeholders’ expectations towards
     the Group’s sustainable development, the Group is dedicated to strengthening its communication with stakeholders and
     formulating policies and measures based on stakeholders’ opinions.

     As an enterprise that upholds corporate social responsibility, the Group acknowledges the importance of reducing its
     environmental impacts. To fulfil the Group’s commitment to corporate social responsibility and demonstrate the Group’s
     efforts in improving ESG and climate-related performance, the Group has set environmental targets covering aspects of
     energy conservation, emission reduction, and waste management and reports the progress of targets on a regular basis. To
     achieve these targets, the Group actively integrates the concepts of sustainable development into its business strategy and
     formulates ESG and climate-related measures at operational levels. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s sustainability
     targets were reviewed and its progress has been confirmed by the Task Force. Relevant data and year-on-year comparisons
     are listed in subsequent sections of the ESG Report.

     Looking forward, the Group will continue to deepen and broaden the integration of sustainability concepts. Besides,
     the Group will operate its business in a more responsible and sustainable manner in order to create long-term value for
     shareholders and pursue a sustainable future.




38
                                                                                Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



                                                   ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
                                                         GOVERNANCE REPORT

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

The Group values its stakeholders and their feedback regarding its businesses and ESG aspects. To understand and
address the concerns of stakeholders, the Group has maintained close communication with them through different channels.
The Group strives to increase stakeholder interactions through constructive conversation, so as to facilitate long-term
prosperity, improve ESG performance, and create better value for all. The Group’s communication channels with various
stakeholders and their respective expectations and concerns are summarised as follows:


 Stakeholders                   Expectations and Concerns                   Communication Channels
 Shareholders and investors     •     Corporate governance system           •     Annual general meeting and other
                                •     Business strategies and performance         shareholder meetings
                                •     Financial results                     •     Financial reports
                                •     Investment returns                    •     Announcements and circulars
                                                                            •     Company website and email


 Employees                      •     Career development                    •     Training, seminars, and briefing
                                •     Occupational safety and health              sessions
                                •     Remuneration and benefits             •     Intranet and emails
                                •     Equal opportunities                   •     Regular performance reviews


 Customers and business         •     Privacy protection                    •     Customer satisfaction surveys and
   partners                     •     Business integrity and ethics               feedback forms
                                •     Long-term partnership                 •     Meetings and conferences
                                                                            •     Emails


 Suppliers and vendors          •     Fair competition                      •     On-site inspections
                                •     Business ethics and reputation        •     Supplier management meetings and
                                •     Long-term partnership                       events
                                                                            •     Tendering process
                                                                            •     Review and assessment


 Government and regulatory      •     Compliance with laws and regulations •      Compliance officer
  bodies


 Media, non-governmental        •     Contributions to society              •     ESG reports
  organisations, and            •     Environmental protection              •     Media
  the public                    •     Social welfare                        •     Charity events
                                •     Health and safety




                                                                                                                               39
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
     GOVERNANCE REPORT

     MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

     The Group pays attention to ESG-related risks that may have significant impacts on its business development. Thus, the
     Task Force regularly conducts materiality assessments to identify material ESG issues and reports the results to the Board
     for review. The Group formulates strategies, policies, and measures based on the materiality assessments’ results and the
     external socioeconomic environment.

     With reference to the requirements of the ESG Reporting Code and industry standards, the materiality assessment process
     includes identifying key stakeholder groups, determining a list of ESG issues, assessing the importance of each issue to the
     Group’s sustainable development and the decision of stakeholders, and ranking the importance of ESG issues. The results
     are used to determine the focus of the ESG Report, with the aim to enhance the relevance of the ESG Report and properly
     respond to the expectations and demands of stakeholders.

     The following matrix represents the Group’s material ESG issues:

                                                                               Materiality Matrix
                           High

                                                                                         Diversity, Equal              Labour Standards
                                                                                        Opportunities and
                                                                                        Anti-discrimination
                                                                                                                                Development and Training

                                                                                                                                    Occupational Health
                                                               Quality Building and
                                                                                               Supply Chain                             and Safety
                                                               Engineering Services
                                                                                               Management
                                                                                                                                Employment Practices




             Influence on Stakeholders’
                                                                Customer Data
                                                               Privacy Protection
                                                                                                                             Risk Management
                                                                                                                            and Internal Controls
                                                                    Whistle-blowing
                                                                     Mechanism



            Assessments and Decisions
                                                  Community
                                                  Investment                                              Anti-money Laundering and
                                                                                                           Counter-terrorist Financing

                                                                                                         Climate Change
                                                                                                          Mitigation and
                                          Waste Management                                                   Adaption
                                                                    The Environment and
                                                                     Natural Resources
                                                                                                          Anti-corruption
                                           Emissions                Energy Management
                                          Management
                                                                      Water Management

                           Low                                      Impact on the Group’s Sustainable Development                                   High



     During the Reporting Period, the Group confirmed that it has established appropriate and effective management policies and
     internal control systems for ESG issues and that the disclosed contents comply with the requirements of the ESG Reporting
     Code.




40
                                                                                      Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



                                                       ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
                                                             GOVERNANCE REPORT

PROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT

The Group is committed to minimising its negative impact on the environment and using natural resources in a responsible
manner. The Group has formulated the Environmental, Social and Governance Policy (the “ESG Policy”) and has
implemented an environmental management system certified with the ISO 14001:2015 international standard. The Group
strives to systematically manage the potential environmental risks and opportunities, address the environmental impacts of
its operations with mitigation measures, as well as comply with the applicable environmental protection laws and regulations.
With regular management reviews of the environmental risks and the implementation of an effective environmental
management system, the Group is able to make continual improvements to enhance its control practices and environmental
performance.

During the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any material non-compliance with environmental-related laws and
regulations that would have a significant impact on the Group, including but not limited to the Environmental Public Health
Act 1987, the Environmental Protection and Management Act 1999, the Environmental Protection and Management (Control
of Noise at Construction Sites) Regulations and the Control of Vectors and Pesticides Act 1998 of Singapore.

A1.   Emissions

      Air Emissions

      The principal sources of the Group’s air emissions were gasoline and diesel consumed by vehicles and diesel utilised
      by machinery at the construction sites.

      To mitigate air emissions at the construction sites, the Group has followed the practices required by the main
      contractors and taken the following control measures during construction process:

      •       Select fuels with lower sulphur content for all fuel-driven equipment and machinery;

      •       Carry out routine maintenance on powered mechanical equipment and mobile vehicles to avoid excessive
              emissions of dark smoke;

      •       Spray water on the working areas prior to, during, or after the drilling and/or grinding process and wash the
              vehicle wheels to remove dusty materials before leaving the construction sites; and

      •       Cover up dusty materials or stockpiles to prevent construction dust disperse out of the site areas and cause
              nuisances to the neighbours.

      Summary of the Group’s air emissions performance:


          Types of air emissions                            Unit                          FY2025/2026            FY2024/2025
          Nitrogen oxides (“NOx”)                           kg                                 1,212.19               1,269.99
          Sulphur oxides (“SOx”)                            kg                                     2.31                   2.49
          Particulate matter (“PM”)                         kg                                   108.93                 116.47




                                                                                                                                     41
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
     GOVERNANCE REPORT

           Wastewater Discharge

           All the wastewater generated at the construction sites is centralised, collected, and treated by on-site wastewater
           treatment facilities installed by the main contractors before discharging, striving to ensure the effluent meets the
           statutory requirements. Since wastewater generated at offices, warehouses, employee accommodations, and
           investment properties is discharged into the municipal sewage pipe network, the amount of wastewater is therefore
           considered the same as the amount of water consumed. The water consumption data and corresponding water-
           saving initiatives are described in the section headed “Water Management” under aspect A2.

           Waste Management

           The Group mainly produces non-hazardous waste during its operations. Construction waste is the major type of waste
           generated from the Group’s contract works. The Group has applied the 4R principles (Reduce, Reuse, Replace, and
           Recycle) in its waste management system to minimise waste production and direct waste disposal.

           The Group has set a target in the year ended 28 February 2022 (“FY2021/2022”) to reduce its non-hazardous waste
           disposal intensity (tonnes/million Singapore dollars of total revenue) by FY2025/2026, using FY2021/2022 as the
           baseline year. With an aim to achieve the aforementioned target, the Group’s project teams review the construction
           design, work methods, and project programmes of the project lifecycle before material ordering to prevent material
           overstocking and reduce waste at the source. Besides, the Group has allocated on-site waste segregation areas
           for sorting construction waste from site work properly to maximise waste reduction and enhance material efficiency.
           Recycling facilities are installed at the construction sites and offices to classify recyclable and non-recyclable waste.
           The recyclables, such as waste metals, timber, and plastic, are centrally collected by the main contractors for proper
           handling or sent to licensed recycling contractors for recycling. In addition, precast concrete and reusable steel metal
           formwork are applied in the construction work to reduce on-site material consumption and waste.

           In the offices, the Group promotes the reduction of paper and stationery usage by implementing the following initiatives
           and practices:

           •     Encourage double-sided printing;

           •     Collect single-sided printed paper and computer accessories for reuse;

           •     Recycle rechargeable batteries and used printing paper;

           •     Utilise electronic communication where applicable; and

           •     Reduce the use of single-use disposable items.

           The amount of hazardous waste produced by the Group cannot be quantified accurately due to the limitations of its
           data collection system. However, all chemical waste was filtered and passed to qualified hazardous waste collectors to
           ensure they are lawfully handled and disposed of. The Group aims to continuously reduce its adverse impact from the
           production of hazardous waste.




42
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



                                                              ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
                                                                    GOVERNANCE REPORT

      During the Reporting Period, the non-hazardous waste disposal intensity decreased by approximately 22.86%
      compared to FY2024/2025. The decrease was mainly due to the collective efforts to implement the waste reduction
      measures. As the Group’s non-hazardous waste disposal intensity in FY2021/2022 was 3.46 tonnes/million Singapore
      dollars of total revenue, the Group has achieved its aforementioned target.

      Since the target period has finished, the Group sets a new target to reduce its non-hazardous waste disposal intensity
      (tonnes/million Singapore dollars of total revenue) by the year ending 28 February 2030 (“FY2029/2030”), using
      FY2025/2026 as the baseline year (1.35 tonnes/million Singapore dollars of total revenue). The Group will continue to
      identify measures to further reduce waste production in the future.

      Summary of the Group’s non-hazardous waste disposal performance:

       Types of non-hazardous waste                                       Unit                             FY2025/2026           FY2024/2025
       Construction waste                                                 tonnes                                    347.84               354.90
       Paper                                                              tonnes                                      5.81                 6.76
       Total non-hazardous waste disposal                                 tonnes                                    353.65               361.66
       Non-hazardous waste disposal intensity1                            tonnes/million                              1.35                 1.75
                                                                          Singapore dollars of
                                                                          total revenue

      Note:

      1.      During the Reporting Period, the Group recorded a revenue of approximately Singapore dollars 262.0 million (FY2024/2025: approximately
              Singapore dollars 206.9 million). The data are also used for calculating other intensity data.


A2.   Use of Resources

      The Group upholds the principle of responsible resource usage and is committed to optimising resource efficiency
      across its business operations. In order to foster a green operation environment, the Group has formulated the ESG
      Policy and implemented initiatives to promote eco-friendly measures and raise employees’ awareness. The Group has
      also paid attention to the potential environmental impacts brought by the consumption of resources and established
      related policies and practices, covering the utilisation of energy, water, and other natural resources.




                                                                                                                                                       43
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
     GOVERNANCE REPORT

           Energy Management

           Diesel, gasoline, and electricity are the main types of energy consumed in the business operations of the Group. In
           order to reduce the energy consumption and, by extension, the carbon footprint, the Group has applied different
           measures and practices to optimise energy efficiency. The Group has set a target in FY2021/2022 to research the
           feasibility of increasing the use of renewable energy by installing solar panels at the Group’s operating sites. During
           the Reporting Period, the Group used solar panel for its noise meters at the two project sites that it operates as the
           main contractor, and thus it has achieved the aforementioned target. Meanwhile, the Group has actively adopted the
           following energy-saving measures:

           •       Inspect fuel-driven mechanical equipment and machines monthly to ensure that they are working in optimal
                   conditions, so as to reduce wastages of fuel and electricity;

           •       Switch off all computer terminals, lights, and electrical installations when leaving the offices or when they are not
                   in use;

           •       Select energy-saving appliances and office equipment with green labels;

           •       Maintain a constant room temperature at an energy-efficient level (24–26 degrees Celsius);

           •       Post energy-saving signages on office equipment and at the workplace to remind the Group’s employees and
                   subcontractors’ workers about the importance of energy conservation; and

           •       Retrofit lights with more energy-efficient ones, such as LED and T5 fluorescent lighting.

           During the Reporting Period, the energy consumption intensity increased by approximately 25.70% compared to
           FY2024/2025. The increase was mainly due to higher diesel consumption by machinery during operations. The Group
           will continue to promote measures to reduce energy consumption in the future.

           Summary of the Group’s energy consumption performance:


               Types of energy2                                                Unit                               FY2025/2026           FY2024/2025
               Direct energy consumption                                       MWh                                      6,383.07              4,018.85
               •     Diesel                                                    MWh                                      6,279.35              3,894.53
               •     Gasoline                                                  MWh                                        103.72                124.32
               Indirect energy consumption                                     MWh                                        115.62                 62.75
               •     Purchased electricity                                     MWh                                        115.62                 62.75
               Total energy consumption                                        MWh                                      6,498.69              4,081.60
               Energy consumption intensity                                    MWh/million                                 24.80                 19.73
                                                                               Singapore dollars
                                                                               of total revenue

           Note:

           2.      The unit conversion method for energy consumption data is formulated based on the “Energy Statistics Manual” issued by the International
                   Energy Agency.




44
                                                                               Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



                                                ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
                                                      GOVERNANCE REPORT

Water Management

The Group’s water consumption mainly stems from offices, employee accommodation, investment properties and
construction sites. The Group has set a target in FY2021/2022 to reduce water consumption intensity (m3/million
Singapore dollars of total revenue) by FY2025/2026, using FY2021/2022 as the baseline year. To achieve the target,
the Group has taken the following water-saving measures in its daily business operations:

•      Use water faucets and fittings in washrooms and shower facilities with water efficiency labels;

•      Post promotional posters and signage in the toilets, pantry, and cleaning facilities to remind employees about the
       significance of water conservation;

•      Schedule regular maintenance on the water pipe fittings to prevent water dripping and leakage; and

•      Reuse the treated wastewater for dust suppression, boot washing, and tipper truck wheel washing to reduce the
       amount of freshwater consumption at construction sites.

During the Reporting Period, the Group did not encounter any problems in sourcing water that was fit for purpose.
The water consumption intensity in FY2025/2026 increased by approximately 419.04% compared to FY2024/2025.
The increase was mainly due to the increase in water demand from contract works and employee accommodation. As
the Group’s water consumption intensity in FY2021/2022 was 13.02 m³/million Singapore dollars of total revenue, the
Group has not achieved its aforementioned target.

Since the target period has finished, the Group sets a new target to reduce water consumption intensity (m3/million
Singapore dollars of total revenue) by FY2029/2030, using FY2025/2026 as the baseline year (28.08 m 3/million
Singapore dollars of total revenue). The Group will continue to identify water-saving measures to further reduce water
consumption in the future.

Summary of the Group’s water consumption performance:


    Water consumption                                     Unit                         FY2025/2026        FY2024/2025
    Total water consumption                               m 3
                                                                                            7,355.65           1,119.90
    Water consumption intensity                           m3/million                           28.08               5.41
                                                          Singapore dollars
                                                          of total revenue


Use of Packaging Material

Due to the Group’s business nature, the Group did not materially involve the use of packaging material.




                                                                                                                              45
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
     GOVERNANCE REPORT

     A3.   The Environment and Natural Resources

           Minimising the negative impacts on the environment at an earlier stage and complying with the legal requirements
           are the Group’s operational principles. The Group conducts environmental impact assessments to identify potential
           and foreseeable environmental disturbances before the commencement of contract works, with the aim of devising
           corresponding mitigation measures. The Group’s project management teams are responsible for determining the
           material environmental aspects of projects, including air emissions, wastewater discharge, waste disposal, noise
           control, visual impacts, and other statutory requirements. Meanwhile, the project management teams assess the
           environmental impacts associated with the different construction stages and execute mitigation measures where
           appropriate. Relevant emergency preparedness plans are formulated to address any emergencies that may occur
           during project execution.

           Even though the Group’s operations do not pose significant and irreversible environmental damage, the Group strictly
           follows its ESG Policy to reduce any negative impacts on the environment and natural resources. The Group also
           provides relevant environmental training and toolbox meetings with topics related to energy and water conservation,
           waste segregation and recycling, and mosquito breeding prevention to increase its employees’ awareness of
           environmental conservation and enhance its environmental performance.

           The Group’s construction works result in construction noise that may cause nuisances to the surroundings. In order to
           control noise levels at the construction sites to meet the statutory requirements prescribed in relevant regulations, the
           Group has installed sound-proofing canvas, noise barriers, soundproof covers, or soundproof walls for noisy motorised
           equipment. In addition, the Group only conducts construction works under non-restricted hours to minimise the effect
           of emanated noise or vibration from its works on the neighbourhood. The Group has also conducted regular on-site
           inspections to monitor the site condition regarding waste sorting and storage, site housekeeping, and stagnant water,
           thus maintaining good housekeeping at construction sites and preventing flies or mosquitoes from breeding during the
           summer season.

     UPHOLDING SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

     B1. Employment

           Caring for Employees

           The Group respects its employees and reckons their contributions are crucial to the success of the Group. Realising
           employees are valuable assets of the Group, the Group endeavours to create a collaborative, inclusive, and diverse
           working environment while offering various opportunities for professional development and personal growth. The Group
           has formulated human resources management policies, which are formally documented in the Employee Handbook.
           The relevant policies cover compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal
           opportunity, other benefits and welfare, etc.

           During the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any material non-compliance with employment-related laws
           and regulations that would have a significant impact on the Group, including but not limited to the Employment Act
           1968, the Employment of Foreign Manpower Act 1990, the Central Provident Fund Act 1953, and the Employment of
           Foreign Manpower (Work Passes) Regulations 2012 of Singapore.




46
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



                                                            ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
                                                                  GOVERNANCE REPORT

As at 28 February 2026, the Group had a total of 400 (as at 28 February 2025: 439) employees, all of whom were
working in Singapore. The distribution of employees by gender, age group, employee category, and employment type
was as follows:


                                                                 As at 28 February 2026                        As at 28 February 2025
                                                                Number of      Percentage                     Number of      Percentage
 Category                                                       employees              (%)                    employees              (%)
 By gender
 Male                                                                     349                  87.25                     384                 87.47
 Female                                                                    51                  12.75                      55                 12.53
 By age group
 30 years old or below                                                     27                   6.75                      40                  9.11
 31–50 years old                                                          231                  57.75                     251                 57.18
 51 years old or above                                                    142                  35.50                     148                 33.71
 By employee category
 Senior management                                                         12                   3.00                       9                  2.05
 Middle management                                                        124                  31.00                     124                 28.25
 General employee                                                         264                  66.00                     306                 69.70
 By employment type
 Full-time                                                                400                100.00                      439                100.00
 Part-time                                                                  –                     –                        –                     –


During the Reporting Period, the Group’s overall employee turnover rate was approximately 19.50%3 (FY2024/2025:
approximately 21.18%). The employee turnover rate by gender and age group was as follows:


 Turnover rate (%)4                                                                                     FY2025/2026                 FY2024/2025
 By gender
 Male                                                                                                             20.92                       23.44
 Female                                                                                                            9.80                        5.45
 By age group
 30 years old or below                                                                                            29.63                       37.50
 31–50 years old                                                                                                  23.81                       23.51
 51 years old or above                                                                                            10.56                       12.84

Notes:

3.       The overall turnover rate is calculated by dividing the number of employees leaving employment during the reporting period by the number of
         employees at the end of the reporting period.

4.       The turnover rate is calculated by dividing the number of employees leaving employment in the specified category during the reporting period by
         the number of employees in the specified category at the end of the reporting period.




                                                                                                                                                           47
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
     GOVERNANCE REPORT

           Employment Practices

           Remuneration and Benefits

           The Group offers competitive remuneration packages to its eligible employees, including basic wages, discretionary
           bonuses, annual leaves, fixed working hours, allowances, medical and dental benefits, annual wage supplements,
           monthly Central Provident Fund contributions, and insurance plans. Apart from statutory holidays and annual leaves,
           the Group’s employees are entitled to compassionate leave, maternity leave, paternity leave, and childcare leave
           pursuant to the Employment Act 1968 of Singapore. Meanwhile, the Group offers medical insurance, accommodation,
           insurance for security bonds, and levies for each non-Malaysian worker pursuant to the relevant laws and regulations in
           Singapore.

           Recruitment, Promotion and Dismissal

           The recruitment of foreign workers is a general practice of the construction sector in Singapore due to the shortage
           of local construction workers. The Group employs foreign workers from other countries, such as Malaysia and the
           People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), to support its construction works. The Group’s Human Resources Department
           and Health, Safety and Environment Department mainly source and recruit foreign workers through recruiting agencies.
           To ensure foreign workers are suitable and legally employable, the Group requires candidates to provide a list of
           documents, including but not limited to identification documents, the workers’ past employment details, copies of
           employment pass or work permit issued by the Ministry of Manpower of Singapore, copies of passport, entry and re-
           entry permit (for non-Singaporeans), and medical certificate for validation. The Group forbids child and/or illegitimate
           foreign workers to work in its construction sites and strictly complies with relevant laws and regulations in Singapore
           during the recruitment process.

           The Group adopts an open appraisal system to facilitate in-depth discussion of employees’ performance and
           development opportunities. The Group conducts annual performance appraisals to evaluate the performance of its
           employees, with the appraisal results serving as an indicator for promotion and salary increment.

           Besides, the Group does not tolerate the dismissal of employees on any unreasonable basis. Any termination of the
           employment contract would be based on reasonable and lawful grounds supported by the internal policies of the
           Group.

           Working Hours

           Overtime work is not encouraged in the workplace except for emergencies, accidents, and severe work interruptions.
           Employees must obtain prior approval from the head of department and authorisation from the immediate supervisor
           before performing overtime work, and overtime compensation will be granted to eligible employees in conformance
           with the Employment Act 1968 of Singapore.




48
                                                                                   Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



                                                   ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
                                                         GOVERNANCE REPORT

    Diversity, Equal Opportunities and Anti-discrimination

    With its commitment to the principles of equal opportunity and diversity, the Group solely takes into account the
    experiences, qualifications, and competencies of individuals in the process of recruitment, job rotation, promotion, and
    dismissal. The Group will not consider nationality, age, gender, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, ethnicity,
    disability, pregnancy, political inclination, union membership, and/or other forms of aspects that are unrelated to job
    requirements in any employment decision-making. The Group also strictly prohibits any form of harassment in its
    workplace and all employees have the obligation to follow the Group’s policies on equal opportunity, diversity, and
    anti-discrimination. The Group only terminates the employment contract for a fair reason, such as breaches of the
    employee code of conduct, improprieties, criminal offences, or redundancy.

B2. Health and Safety

    Occupational Health and Safety

    Occupational health and safety (“OHS”) is of utmost importance to the Group’s business operations. The Group has
    formulated the Workplace Safety and Health (“WSH”) Policy, which is included in its Employee Handbook, to guide
    its operational practices. Meanwhile, the Group has implemented an OHS management system accredited with
    the ISO 45001 standard and bizSAFE STAR certificate to identify, manage, and mitigate the potential safety-related
    risks and hazards in the entire project lifecycle and daily construction operations. The Group’s Human Resources
    Department and Health, Safety and Environment Department are responsible for the overall implementation of the OHS
    management system, the review of safety programmes, and the enhancement of safety performance.

    The Group has introduced a series of safety management procedures and measures, including (1) risk management; (2)
    in-house safety rules and guidelines; (3) emergency preparedness and response; and (4) accident/incident investigation
    and reporting to evaluate the risk levels of the work tasks, formulate mitigation plans, and minimise foreseeable risks to
    its workers. For each of the Group’s construction projects, the Group has assigned a site safety coordination team to
    oversee safety issues and ensure the execution of the safety practices at the worksite. Besides, the Group conducts
    regular safety inspections at construction sites to ensure the effectiveness of safety measures and continually identify
    any potential safety risks in a proactive manner for accident prevention.

    For the projects on which the Group acts as a subcontractor, the Group abides by the workplace safety and health
    management procedures and practices requested by the main contractors. To prevent injuries and accidents,
    the Group submits risk assessments and safe work procedures that outline the risk levels of the work tasks and
    precautionary measures to the main contractors on a regular basis. The Group’s safety supervisors are required to
    attend the regular safety inspections with main contractors to identify and mitigate potential on-site safety hazards
    at an earlier stage, improve workplace safety conditions, and prevent work-related incidents or injuries. Smoking
    is strictly prohibited in the workplace to prevent fire hazards. The Group also conducts regular fire drills to increase
    employees’ awareness of potential fire hazards and be aware of fire escape routes. In regard to office safety, all office
    staff members are required to maintain good housekeeping in their workplace and exercise care when using office
    equipment.




                                                                                                                                  49
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
     GOVERNANCE REPORT

           The Group recognises that it is important to foster a “safety-centred” culture at construction sites and enhance the
           safety ownership of its employees and subcontractor workers through the provision of safety awareness training
           programmes. A daily toolbox meeting and pre-start analysis are arranged for employees and subcontractor workers
           prior to work to highlight proper work safety practices at the construction sites. On billboards and notice boards,
           posters related to safety-related topics are also displayed to remind workers of good safety practices. Regular
           emergency drills (e.g. fire drills and chemical leakage drills) are conducted by the Group’s project teams or by the main
           contractors to ensure that the workers on-site have the necessary knowledge and skills to handle the emergency.

           Although the Group has taken various preventive measures, accidents may still occur at the construction sites. In the
           event of any accident, the injured worker (including the Group’s employees and subcontractors’ employees) or the
           person who witnessed the accident is required to report immediately to their direct supervisor or department manager
           in charge. The department manager in charge will launch an investigation to find the causes and submit an incident
           report form to the Group’s safety officer within two working days. For serious incidents such as fatal accidents,
           amputation cases, or other dangerous occurrences, the Group’s safety officer will form an incident investigation team
           to carry out a comprehensive accident investigation, thereby identifying the root causes and formulating effective
           preventative and corrective measures based on the investigation findings. The Group ensures sufficient follow-up
           actions are implemented to prevent the recurrence of such incidents and minimise harm. The Group will notify any
           reportable cases to the Ministry of Manpower of the Government of Singapore within ten days after the accident
           occurs.

           The Group has recorded 0 work-related fatalities or incidents that resulted in
           permanent disability in each of the past three years, including the Reporting
           Period. Also, 0 (FY2024/2025: 1) case of work-related injuries and 0
           (FY2024/2025: 79) lost days due to work related injury were recorded during
           the Reporting Period. The Group has also received the Gold Award granted
           by The Royal Society for the Prevention of Accidents (“RoSPA”). In the future,
           the Group will continue to raise employees’ awareness of occupational health
           and safety.

           During the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any material non-
           compliance with health and safety-related laws and regulations that would
           have a significant impact on the Group, including but not limited to the
           Workplace Safety and Health Act 2006, the Work Injury Compensation Act
           2019, the Workplace Safety and Health (Construction) Regulations 2007,
           the Workplace Safety and Health (Scaffolds) Regulations 2011 and the
           Workplace Safety and Health (Risk Management) Regulations of Singapore.




50
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



                                                                 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
                                                                       GOVERNANCE REPORT

B3. Development and Training

    To nurture the talent pool and strengthen the Group’s position in the industry, the Group strives to provide training
    opportunities to all its employees to advance their professional skills and experiences. The Group’s Employee
    Handbook stipulates the standardised procedures for employee training management and illustrates the focus areas of
    training.

    In order to establish a clear career ladder and recognise employees’ contributions, the Group provides promotion
    opportunities for existing employees who meet the required standards for a higher position and demonstrate potential.
    All employees are subjected to an annual performance appraisal to review their performance, understand their personal
    development goals, and provide feedback to them. The Group is dedicated to building a team that can realise its
    corporate business development goals and fostering mutual growth with its employees.

    The Group provides its employees with on-site safety induction training before the commencement of work and
    incorporates regular briefings in the daily toolbox meetings. The Group offers external training and refresher training
    concerning environmental and OHS management, such as formwork safety supervisor courses, work-at-height
    courses, and first aid courses, to relevant workers and employees. The Group’s basic-skilled workers are also
    encouraged to complete the advanced course accredited by the Building and Construction Authority of Singapore to
    enhance their skillset and competence.

    During the Reporting Period, approximately 73.43%5 (FY2024/2025: approximately 70.86%) of the Group’s employees
    participated in training, with an average of approximately 11.59 hours6 (FY2024/2025: approximately 10.36 hours) of
    training.

    The percentage of trained employees, breakdown of employees trained, and average training hours per employee by
    gender and employee category were as follows:


                                    Percentage of employees                  Breakdown of employees                  Average training hours per
                                          trained (%)7                             trained (%)8                          employee (hours)9
                                      FY2025/       FY2024/                    FY2025/       FY2024/                    FY2025/        FY2024/
                                         2026          2025                       2026          2025                       2026           2025
     By gender
     Male                                  80.81                76.58                97.15               96.29                12.87               11.11
     Female                                17.86                24.14                 2.85                3.71                 1.93                4.21
     By employee category
     Senior management                      8.33                    –                 0.28                   –                 0.67                   –
     Middle management                     10.85                 6.20                 3.99                2.12                 1.17                0.99
     General employee                      99.70                93.65                95.73               97.88                15.97               13.66

    Notes:

    5.       The percentage of trained employees is calculated by dividing the number of trained employees during the reporting period by the total number
             of employees (including resigned employees) during the reporting period.

    6.       The average training hours per employee is calculated by dividing the total training hours of employees during the reporting period by the total
             number of employees (including resigned employees) during the reporting period.




                                                                                                                                                                51
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
     GOVERNANCE REPORT

           7.    The percentage of trained employees by category is calculated by dividing the number of trained employees in the specified category during the
                 reporting period by the total number of employees in the specified category (including resigned employees) during the reporting period.

           8.    The breakdown of employees trained by category is calculated by dividing the number of trained employees in the specified category during the
                 reporting period by the total number of trained employees (including resigned employees) during the reporting period.

           9.    The average training hours per employee by category is calculated by dividing the training hours of employees in the specified category during
                 the reporting period by the number of employees in the specified category (including resigned employees) during the reporting period.


     B4. Labour Standards

           In order to avoid the employment of child and forced labour as defined by laws and regulations, the Group has
           formulated relevant guidelines in the ESG Policy to ensure no illegal employment is happening. The Group’s Human
           Resources Department is responsible for monitoring and ensuring compliance with the latest relevant laws and
           regulations prohibiting child labour and forced labour.

           To avoid illegal employment of child labour, underage workers, and forced labour, personal data is collected by
           the Group during the recruitment process to assist in the selection of suitable candidates and to verify candidates’
           identities. The Human Resources Department checks all applicants’ identity documents carefully before official job
           offers. If violations are discovered, the relevant employment contract will be terminated immediately and the involved
           personnel will be subject to disciplinary actions.

           During the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any material non-compliance with child and forced labour-
           related laws and regulations that would have a significant impact on the Group, including but not limited to the
           Employment Act 1968 of Singapore.

     B5. Supply Chain Management

           The Group believes that maintaining close collaborations with a wide range of business partners, such as
           subcontractors and suppliers, can help it uphold a high quality of service and maintain a competitive advantage in its
           sector.

           The Group has set up a stringent supplier selection policy and a performance assessment system to ensure suppliers
           can compete under an open and fair mechanism. Before engaging a new supplier (including subcontractors), the
           Group will fill out a pre-acceptance assessment form to evaluate the background and track records of the supplier,
           including but not limited to:

           •     The type(s) and quality of material or service to be provided;

           •     The registration grade of the Building and Construction Authority of Singapore (“BCA”) and BCA contractor
                 licensing information;

           •     Previous track records in compliance with safety and statutory requirements;

           •     Previous building works experience; and

           •     Delivery time and reputation.




52
                                                                             Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



                                                 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
                                                       GOVERNANCE REPORT

Only suppliers that can fulfil the Group’s requirements qualify as approved suppliers and are included in its approved
subcontractor and supplier list. Moreover, the Group conducts annual supplier performance assessments based
on a range of factors, including but not limited to the quality of materials or services provided, price quotation, and
timeliness of delivery, to ensure the performances of existing suppliers are up to the Group’s requirements and contract
specifications.

Sustainable Supply Chain Management

The Group recognises the importance of good supply chain management practices in mitigating environmental and
social risks. In view of sustainable supply chain management, the Group has implemented the Sustainable Supply
Chain Policy and strives to consider the social practices, ethics, and environmental performance of its suppliers during
the procurement and tendering procedures. Moreover, the Group outlines its expectations and requirements to its
subcontractors in the course of a construction project to enhance the sustainability performance of its operations.
The subcontractor and supplier list is reviewed annually in accordance with the following principles by the designated
person of the Task Force:

•    Compliance with the applicable laws and regulations and contractual obligations;

•    Awareness of the environmental, social, and ethical issues relevant to their operations;

•    Respect for intellectual property rights;

•    Non-disclosure of confidential information; and

•    Prevention of bribery or conflict of interest.

In addition, the Group’s procurement decisions are made not only based on the best price but also taking other factors
into account, such as quality, timeliness, supplier reputation, ethical production and procurement, and terms of trade.
The Group requires its contractors/subcontractors to employ workers with at least one year of working experience
in Singapore, provide personal protective equipment, offer sufficient rest periods to workers, participate in the on-
site toolbox meetings to understand potential workplace safety and health issues and project-related matters, as well
as align with the standards set by the projects department. These measures aim at ensuring that the contractors/
subcontractors are jointly responsible for workplace safety.

Furthermore, the Group has adopted several measures to mitigate the risk of engaging illegal workers in its
subcontracted works. For example, the Group conducts preliminary background checks on new subcontractors prior
to engagement to ascertain they have not been involved in any incidents of hiring illegal workers in the past. The Group
also requests its subcontractors to provide copies of the valid work permits of the suspected illegal workers before
allowing them to continue working at its construction sites.

To encourage suppliers’ improvement in environmental and social performance, the Group encourages suppliers to
address and manage their environmental and social issues in their operations for priority consideration. The Group
maintains close communication with suppliers to understand their operational practices, identify potential problems,
and suggest corresponding improvement measures. The Group also shares sustainable operating practices and
disseminates environmental concepts, including the latest knowledge on quality, safety, good employment, and
environmental practices to its suppliers.



                                                                                                                            53
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
     GOVERNANCE REPORT

           Any violation of the above principles or requirements discovered by the designated personnel of the Group will be
           promptly reported to management. A corrective action plan will be carried out by the Group to remediate the identified
           risks in a timely manner. During the Reporting Period, the aforementioned supplier engagement practices have been
           imposed on all suppliers.

           During the Reporting Period, the Group had a total of 831 (FY2024/2025: 316) suppliers, and the geographical
           distribution of the Group’s suppliers was as follows:


                                                                                              Number of suppliers
            Region                                                                         FY2025/2026      FY2024/2025
            Singapore                                                                                827                   312
            PRC                                                                                         1                     2
            Malaysia                                                                                    –                     2
            Liechtenstein                                                                               1                     –
            South Korea                                                                                 1                     –
            Taiwan                                                                                      1                     –


     B6. Product Responsibility

           Achieving and maintaining a high-quality standard for projects is of great importance for the Group’s sustainable
           growth. The Group believes completing works that meet or exceed client’s requirements is crucial for job references
           and future business opportunities. Hence, the Group regularly controls and monitors the progress of each project to
           ensure that it delivers high-quality services and products.

           During the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any material non-compliance with laws and regulations
           concerning advertising, labelling, and privacy matters relating to products and services provided and methods of
           redress that would have a significant impact on the Group, including but not limited to the Building Control Act 1989,
           the Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act 2004 and the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 of
           Singapore.

           As a contractor specialising in structural engineering works and wet architectural works, the Group has limited
           activities in advertising and labelling matters. Nevertheless, the Group strives to ensure information disseminated,
           such as company brochures and newsletters, is complete, accurate, clear, and in compliance with relevant laws and
           regulations. Moreover, disclosure on the number of products sold or shipped subject to recalls for safety and health
           reasons was not applicable due to the Group’s business nature.

           Quality Building and Engineering Services

           In order to provide quality building and engineering services that consistently meet legal requirements, safety
           standards, and customer expectations, the Group has implemented a quality management system accredited with the
           ISO 9001:2015 standard across its operations to continually improve its service quality in various aspects, including
           operational planning, control over production and service provision, and understanding of customer satisfaction. The
           Group has obtained the bizSAFE Level 3 certificate since 2010 and upgraded to bizSAFE STAR since 2021, which
           demonstrates its ongoing efforts and commitment.



54
                                                                                 Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



                                                 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
                                                       GOVERNANCE REPORT

To ensure the timely completion of the works, the Group forms a project team for each committed project. The project
team is responsible for the preparation of project schedules, the deployment of manpower, the allocation of resources,
and the engagement of subcontractors and suppliers for each stage of the project lifecycle – from initiation, planning
and design, construction and execution, monitoring and control to completion. Therefore, the project team takes the
responsibility to ensure the project execution is on track and its deliverables satisfy the contract specifications and
requirements.

The Group’s project teams periodically conduct rigorous quality assurance inspections to ensure that building
engineering works are constructed in conformance with the approved design drawings and method statements, as
well as the statutory building requirements to safeguard the quality and safety of the building works. Regular progress
meetings with the Group’s subcontractors are arranged to follow up on the project progress and monitor the quality
of construction works. The ongoing communication enables the Group to address the potential and foreseeable
quality and safety risks during the construction and rectify the identified defects at an earlier stage, so as to absolve
customers’ concerns and meet their expectations.

Customer Services

Being a construction contractor specialising in structural engineering works and wet architectural works, customers of
the Group are primarily main contractors, property developers, entities from the public sector, etc. To understand the
needs of various customers and provide tailored services that meet their expectations and needs, customer satisfaction
surveys are distributed to collect opinions. The Group treats the feedback seriously to identify dissatisfying aspects and is
committed to taking follow-up actions actively. Besides, the Group maintains ongoing communication with customers
through regular meetings and email to ensure their concerns are addressed timely. During the Reporting Period, there
were no material claims or complaints brought against the Group by its customers, and the cost incurred for rectifying
defective works was immaterial (FY2024/2025: nil).

Data Privacy Protection

With increasing public concerns about cyber security and data privacy, the Group has established the Data Protection
Policy with management procedures to govern the access, usage, and storage of corporate confidential and sensitive
information, including but not limited to customer information, budget plans, accounting data, and employees’ personal
data. In order to prevent unauthorised access, leakage of confidential information, and impairment of data integrity, the
Group has adopted appropriate administrative, physical, and technical measures such as the installation of up-to-date
antivirus protection, data encryption, and the use of privacy filters to secure the storage and transmission of corporate
information. All employees must follow the obligations as stated in the employment contract and Employee Handbook
and not disclose any information, documents, or materials relating to corporate business activities that may come into
their knowledge or possession during the term, in the course of their employment, or after their employment without
the consent of the Group. For customer information, only responsible departments and/or designated personnel can
access the data on a “need-to-know” basis. Any copy, transfer, or disclosure of such information shall obtain prior
approval by the Group and customer in order to prevent unnecessary information leakage to unauthorised parties.
Employees who breach the regulations may face disciplinary action and legal liability.




                                                                                                                                55
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
     GOVERNANCE REPORT

           Intellectual Property Rights

           Notwithstanding that intellectual property rights are not considered as a material ESG aspect due to the Group’s
           business nature, it has established relevant policies to govern the information technology management of its information
           system. In addition, the Information Technology Department is responsible for obtaining proper licences for software,
           hardware, and information used by the Group in its business operations. Duplication or downloading of software,
           information, and images from the internet must be approved by relevant departments. The Group also closely monitors
           the infringement actions in the market and avoids any infringement behaviour, such as counterfeit trademarks.

     B7. Anti-corruption

           The Group is committed to upholding the highest degree of integrity and fairness in its business activities and exacting
           zero tolerance for any form of bribery, extortion, fraud, or money laundering. The Group’s Corporate Governance
           Policies and Procedures Handbook, the code of conduct, and the Employee Handbook have outlined the standard of
           behaviour on anti-corruption, handling of conflicts of interest, as well as data privacy and confidentiality that employees
           shall abide by in their business dealings. The Group strictly forbids its board members and employees to accept any
           advantages (e.g. gifts, entertainment, etc.) that may undermine their impartiality or result in undue influence on the
           Group. All board members and employees are required to complete the written declaration of conflict of interest and
           disclose any relationships, activities, or interests that could possibly involve an actual or potential conflict of interest.

           As stipulated in the Group’s Corporate Governance Policies and Procedures Handbook, the Group has established
           a whistleblowing mechanism with clear reporting channels for employees to report any suspected malpractice or
           impropriety in good faith. Employees may report the concern through email, phone, or letter and should prepare
           documentation of the concern.

           Employees should first raise their concerns with their immediate supervisor, manager, or appropriate personnel in
           charge (depending on the seriousness and sensitivity of the matter and the identity of the person suspected of the
           wrongdoing). The superior should then refer the matter to the Whistle-blowing Officer. Employees may also contact
           the Whistle-blowing Officer directly if they deem it necessary. When the concern involves a Whistle-blowing Officer, the
           matter should be reported directly to the Chairman of the Audit Committee or any member of the Audit Committee. All
           the members of the Audit Committee are independent non-executive directors to maintain fairness.

           The Board should be informed as soon as possible when the concern is substantiated with evidence. All disclosures
           are treated in a confidential and sensitive manner, and the identity of the whistle-blower is kept confidential to protect
           against any reprisal, harassment, or unfair treatment. In the event of any reporting case received, the Group will
           undergo an internal investigation or engage an external consultant for case investigation, depending on the resources
           required and the impact of the concern, to verify the reporting issue. The outcomes of the investigation will be reported
           to the Board for further consideration and resolution and transferred to relevant judicial authorities for further handling
           when applicable.

           During the Reporting Period, the Group has distributed information on anti-fraud, anti-money laundering, and
           counterterrorist to employees. A total of 408 employees (FY2024/2025: 406 employees) participated in the anti-
           corruption training. The training involved introducing the Group’s anti-corruption policies and procedures to raise
           directors’ and employees’ awareness. The training also provided an overview of what corruption is, its different forms,
           and how it manifests in various contexts. Besides, participants learned about the reporting mechanisms, including
           possible channels for reporting and whistle-blower protection measures.



56
                                                                                   Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



                                                    ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
                                                          GOVERNANCE REPORT

     During the Reporting Period, there were no concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practices brought against
     the Group or its employees. The Group was also not aware of any material non-compliance with related laws and
     regulations concerning bribery, extortion, fraud, and money laundering that would have a significant impact on the
     Group, including but not limited to the Prevention of Corruption Act 1960 and the Penal Code 1871 of Singapore.

B8. Community Investment

     The Group recognises the valuable contribution many charitable bodies make to society and humanity and strives to
     endorse their meaningful activities. Hence, the Group has formulated the Charity Policy to provide guidelines regarding
     support (in the form of money donations and in-kind) given to charities. The Group chooses its charity partners
     by reviewing the charities’ history while assessing how the company and charity might maximise the benefits of
     collaboration.

     As a socially responsible corporation, the Group is committed to caring for the underprivileged in society and
     contributing to the development of a harmonious community through engaging in community programmes and
     encouraging its employees to take part in voluntary services and charitable activities. During the Reporting Period, the
     Group donated 20,000 Singapore dollars to the Obayashi Singapore to support equitable access to education. Also,
     the Group donated 3,000 Singapore dollars to Singapore Structural Steel Society, 20,000 Singapore dollars to YB
     Events and Sports and around 4,600 Singapore dollars to Arina International Holding to support several sports events.

     Going forward, the Group will enhance its efforts in charity work to better support community needs, while also
     fostering a more favourable environment for the community and its business by focusing on health and sports aspects.

C:   CLIMATE-RELATED DISCLOSURES

     Governance

     The Board is committed to advancing the Group’s ESG performance. Climate-related issues, including climate-related
     risks and opportunities are incorporated in the broader ESG issues. The Group has established a robust and top-down
     ESG management system. The Board provides overall oversight of ESG and climate-related risks and opportunities
     with the support of Task Force, which is composed of core members from various departments.

     The Group considers climate-related risks and opportunities in its strategy development, business planning, and
     day-to-day operations, including decisions on major transactions. The Group identifies these risks and opportunities
     through its regular materiality assessments and risk review processes. As with other material risks, the Group applies a
     consistent risk management and internal control mechanisms to evaluate and manage relevant risks and opportunities,
     with oversight provided by the management and regular reporting to the Board. The Group has set a short-term
     Greenhouse Gas (“GHG”) emissions target. To further its climate commitment, the Group will continue to explore the
     feasibility of establishing a long-term climate-related or carbon neutralisation target as part of the Group’s transition
     plan. At this stage, climate-related performance metrics have not been incorporated into the Group’s remuneration
     policies. The Group will continue to monitor developments in this area to inform future integration of such metrics.




                                                                                                                                  57
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
     GOVERNANCE REPORT

           Strategy

           The Group recognises the importance of identifying significant climate-related issues and mitigating the related risks. To
           this end, the Group is committed to managing the potential climate-related risks that may impact its business activities.
           The Group has formulated the Climate Change Policy and the ESG Policy to govern its management of climate-related
           issues and demonstrate its commitment to climate mitigation, adaptation, and resilience across its operations and
           along the value chain.

           Aligned with Singapore’s climate vision, the Group defines the short-term as within the next reporting period, the
           medium-term as within the next ten years, and the long-term as 2050, in line with the Green Plan 2030 of Singapore.
           Climate-related risks and opportunities across these time horizons are outlined and explained in detail below.

           The Group has conducted a climate impact assessment to identify and mitigate the potential climate-related risks that
           may arise from its business operations. These risks mainly stem from the following dimensions:

           Physical Risks

           The increase in frequency and severity of extreme weather such as typhoons, storms, and heavy rains may disrupt
           the Group’s operations because such conditions may damage the power grids and communication infrastructure,
           hinder employees’ commuting, and pose working employees at risk, especially workers for outdoor inspection works.
           It is expected that the occurrence of extreme weather would happen in different timeframes. The extreme weather
           may disrupt the supply chain and the resulting unstable supply of construction materials may affect the progress of
           construction projects. These could result in a temporary, permanent, or partial halt of the Group’s business operations,
           which exposes the Group to risks associated with non-performance and late delivery. The effect of the extreme
           weather disrupts the Group’s business operation, lengthening the delivery period, which would ultimately raise the
           operation costs.

           To better manage the above-mentioned physical risks, the Group has formulated a contingency plan and relevant
           policies that set out appropriate solutions for employees to follow, thereby reducing the negative impacts brought by
           extreme weather events on the Group. When extreme weather events occur or may occur, the senior management will
           timely communicate with employees about the work arrangement to ensure staff safety and operation continuity. The
           Group will also review the contingency plan from time to time to ensure the plan fits the actual situations and educate
           its employees how to respond if any of the essential work is hindered by the extreme weather events.

           Transition Risks

           It is anticipated that there will be more stringent climate laws and regulations to support the global vision for
           decarbonisation in short to long-term. For example, the Stock Exchange has required the listed companies to enhance
           the climate-related disclosures in their ESG reports. Stricter environmental legislations and regulations mean additional
           resources and efforts are required to fulfil the requirements, otherwise, companies may expose risks of lawsuits and
           bad reputations. Eventually, climate regulation may increase the compliance and operation costs to deal with the more
           stringent climate laws and regulations.

           In response to policy, legal as well as reputational risks, the Group regularly monitors existing and emerging trends,
           policies, and regulations relevant to climate change. The Group also ensures the senior management is aware of the
           changes in legislation and regulations so as to formulate plans timely, avoid non-compliance fines, and prevent loss
           resulting from delayed responses.

58
                                                                              Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



                                               ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
                                                     GOVERNANCE REPORT

Opportunities

Due to the global vision of decarbonisation, there is an increasing number of investors and customers who are aware
of the need to combat climate change. If the Group can implement effective measures to manage climate risks and
even provide green alternatives in its services, the action might attract more investors and customers. Therefore, the
Group intends to maintain high levels of transparency of its performance and enhance the disclosure of its ESG reports
to establish trust and confidence with stakeholders including investors and customers. The Group will also conduct
research and may develop more green construction services in the future.

The Group is aware of the growing climate-related risks to our business such as business model, strategy, resource
allocation and the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities. Nevertheless, the Group believes that its business model
and value chain do not currently face significant and concentrated climate-related risks and opportunities based on the
group’s climate change assessment. At the same time, the Group regularly monitors related risks that may affect its
operations and strives to grasp any related opportunities. In terms of the financial position, the Group will continue to
conduct risk assessment to identify the anticipated financial effect, quantify the effects and estimate relevant changes
to financial position, such as the amount of capital expenditure, financing and investment deployed towards climate-
related risks and opportunities. The Group will continuously develop its skills and capabilities over time and acquire
additional resources if necessary.

The Group is at an early stage of assessing its climate resilience, with significant uncertainty in quantifying potential
impacts and their timing. The Group’s capacity to adapt its strategy over time is supported by the operational and
planning flexibilities within its current business model. The Group will explore the use of climate-related scenario
analysis that is commensurate with its circumstances, including scenarios aligned with the latest international climate
agreements, in order to enhance its understanding and reporting of climate-related risks and opportunities through
regular risk assessments in the future.

Risk Management

Climate-related risks are addressed as part of our risk management along with other types of risk such as strategic,
financial, compliance, and operational risks. The assessment is comprised of key risk management processes to
ensure key corporate risks are properly identified and adequately assessed, managed and monitored.

The Group considers the likelihood and impact of risks to identify and assess risks. The likelihood assessment is based
on historical data and the information that is reasonably available to the Group during the Reporting Period. While the
impact assessment considers factors such as financial loss, legal implications, corporate reputation, environmental
safety, and business operations. The combined scores of likelihood and impact are used to classify risks into severity
levels. Higher risk events and associated mitigation measures will be reported to our management and the Board
annually, which are prepared by the Task Force.




                                                                                                                             59
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
     GOVERNANCE REPORT

           Metrics and Targets

           GHG Emissions

           The principal sources of the Group’s GHG emissions were gasoline and diesel consumed by vehicles (Scope 1), diesel
           utilised by machinery at the construction sites (Scope 1), purchased electricity (Scope 2), and business air travel (Scope
           3).

           The Group is concerned about its carbon footprint and is committed to reducing the impact of its business on the
           environment. Therefore, the Group has set a target in FY2021/2022 to reduce its GHG emissions intensity (tCO2e/
           million Singapore dollars of total revenue) by FY2025/2026, using FY2021/2022 as the baseline year. The target covers
           Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 GHG emissions, mainly includes carbon dioxide, methane and nitrous oxide and is
           applied to the whole entity. To achieve the target, the Group has adopted the following measures to reduce GHG
           emissions:

           •     Require employees to power off their computers after work;

           •     Utilise teleconferences or video meetings to avoid non-essential business travels;

           •     Actively explore and adopt measures to reduce exhaust gas emissions; and

           •     Actively adopt energy conservation measures, which are described in the section headed “Energy Management”
                 under aspect A2.

           During the Reporting Period, the GHG emissions intensity (tCO2e/million Singapore dollars of total revenue) increased
           by approximately 24.70% compared to FY2024/2025. The increase was mainly due to higher diesel consumption
           by machinery during operations. As the Group’s GHG emissions intensity in FY2021/2022 was 7.54 tCO2e/million
           Singapore dollars of total revenue, the Group has achieved its aforementioned target.

           Since the target period has finished, the Group sets a new target to reduce its GHG emissions intensity (tonnes/
           million Singapore dollars of total revenue) by FY2029/2030, using FY2025/2026 as the baseline year (6.26 tCO 2e/
           million Singapore dollars of total revenue). The Group will continue its efforts to reduce GHG emissions in the future.
           Meanwhile, the Group will strengthen the target by leveraging international agreement, validation by third party and
           deriving from sectoral decarbonisation approach.

           In the calculation of the Group GHG emissions, operational control approach is adopted, as it accounts for emissions
           that the Group has authority to establish and implement operational policies from the operation. The calculation of
           Scope 2 GHG emissions is location-based and the disclosure of the Scope 3 includes business air travel (Category 6:
           Business Travel).




60
                                                                                              Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



                                                         ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
                                                               GOVERNANCE REPORT

Summary of the Group’s GHG emission performance:


 Indicator10                                                         Unit                               FY2025/2026           FY2024/2025
 Direct GHG emissions (Scope 1)
 •     Fuel consumed by vehicles and machinery                       tCO2e                                    1,580.22               1,004.92
 Energy indirect GHG emissions (Scope 2)
 •     Purchased electricity                                         tCO2e                                        46.48                 25.85
 Other indirect GHG emissions (Scope 3)
 •     Business air travel                                           tCO2e                                       13.47                   8.01
 Total GHG emissions                                                 tCO2e                                    1,640.17               1,038.78
 GHG emission intensity                                              tCO2e/million                                6.26                   5.02
                                                                     Singapore dollars of
                                                                     total revenue

Note:

10.     GHG emission data is presented in terms of carbon dioxide equivalent and is based on, including but not limited to, “The Greenhouse Gas
        Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard” issued by the World Resources Institute and the World Business Council for
        Sustainable Development, the “Singapore Energy Statistics 2024 – Chapter 2: Energy Transformation” and “Singapore Energy Statistics 2025 –
        Chapter 2: Energy Transformation” published by the Energy Market Authority, “How to prepare an ESG Report – Appendix 2: Reporting Guidance
        on Environmental KPIs” issued by the Stock Exchange, and “Global Warming Potential Values” from the Sixth Assessment Report (AR6) of the
        Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC).


The Group is committed to disclosing the amount and percentage of assets or business activities that are vulnerable
to climate-related transition risks and climate-related physical risks, as well as those aligned with climate-related
opportunities when such information is available. Also, the Group does not have an internal carbon price and utilise
carbon credit during the Reporting Period. The Group will seek opportunities to further enhance its data capabilities
and monitor relevant changes regarding the market and regulation change so that such data can be disclosed in the
future.




                                                                                                                                                     61
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
     GOVERNANCE REPORT

     THE ESG REPORTING CODE CONTENT INDEX OF THE STOCK EXCHANGE OF HONG KONG
     LIMITED

      Mandatory Disclosure Requirements                   Section/Statement
      Governance Structure                                Board Statement
      Reporting Principles                                Reporting Framework
      Reporting Boundary                                  Scope of Reporting


      Subject Areas,
      Aspects, General
      Disclosures
      and KPIs                     Description                                                        Section/Declaration
      Aspect A1: Emissions
      General Disclosure           Information on:                                                    Protecting the Environment

                                   (a)    the policies; and

                                   (b)    compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a
                                          significant impact on the issuer

                                   relating to air emissions, discharges into water and land, and
                                   generation of hazardous and non-hazardous waste.

      KPI A1.1                     The types of emissions and respective emissions data.              Emissions – Air Emissions

      KPI A1.2                     Repealed 1 January 2025

      KPI A1.3                     Total hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where              Emissions – Waste
                                   appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume, per    Management
                                   facility).

      KPI A1.4                     Total non-hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where          Emissions – Waste
                                   appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume, per    Management
                                   facility).

      KPI A1.5                     Description of emissions target(s) set and steps taken to achieve Climate-Related Disclosure –
                                   them.                                                             Governance

      KPI A1.6                     Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are          Emissions – Waste
                                   handled, and a description of reduction target(s) set and steps    Management
                                   taken to achieve them.




62
                                                                                  Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



                                                 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
                                                       GOVERNANCE REPORT

Subject Areas,
Aspects, General
Disclosures
and KPIs               Description                                                             Section/Declaration
Aspect A2: Use of Resources
General Disclosure     Policies on the efficient use of resources, including energy, water Use of Resources
                       and other raw materials.

KPI A2.1               Direct and/or indirect energy consumption by type                       Use of Resources – Energy
                       (e.g. electricity, gas or oil) in total (kWh in ‘000s) and intensity    Management
                       (e.g. per unit of production volume, per facility).

KPI A2.2               Water consumption in total and intensity (e.g. per unit of              Use of Resources – Water
                       production volume, per facility).                                       Management

KPI A2.3               Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and steps taken Use of Resources – Energy
                       to achieve them.                                                   Management

KPI A2.4               Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is Use of Resources – Water
                       fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to  Management
                       achieve them.

KPI A2.5               Total packaging material used for finished products (in tonnes)         Use of Resources – Use of
                       and, if applicable, with reference to per unit produced.                Packaging Material


Aspect A3: The Environment and Natural Resources
General Disclosure     Policies on minimizing the issuer’s significant impacts on the          The Environment and Natural
                       environment and natural resources.                                      Resources

KPI A3.1               Description of the significant impacts of activities on the             The Environment and Natural
                       environment and natural resources and the actions taken to              Resources
                       manage them.


Aspect A4: Climate Change
General Disclosure     Repealed 1 January 2025

KPI A4.1               Repealed 1 January 2025




                                                                                                                                 63
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
     GOVERNANCE REPORT

      Subject Areas,
      Aspects, General
      Disclosures
      and KPIs                     Description                                                        Section/Declaration
      Aspect B1: Employment
      General Disclosure           Information on:                                                    Caring for the Employees

                                   (a)    the policies; and

                                   (b)    compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a
                                          significant impact on the issuer

                                   relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and
                                   promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity,
                                   diversity, anti-discrimination, and other benefits and welfare.

      KPI B1.1                     Total workforce by gender, employment type (for example, full-     Caring for the Employees
                                   or part-time), age group and geographical region.

      KPI B1.2                     Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and geographical       Caring for the Employees
                                   region.


      Aspect B2: Health and Safety
      General Disclosure           Information on:                                                    Occupational Health and
                                                                                                      Safety
                                   (a)    the policies; and

                                   (b)    compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a
                                          significant impact on the issuer

                                   relating to providing a safe working environment and protecting
                                   employees from occupational hazards.

      KPI B2.1                     Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in each of     Occupational Health and
                                   the past three years including the reporting year.                 Safety

      KPI B2.2                     Lost days due to work injury.                                      Occupational Health and
                                                                                                      Safety

      KPI B2.3                     Description of occupational health and safety measures             Occupational Health and
                                   adopted, and how they are implemented and monitored.               Safety




64
                                                                               Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



                                                  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
                                                        GOVERNANCE REPORT

Subject Areas,
Aspects, General
Disclosures
and KPIs               Description                                                          Section/Declaration
Aspect B3: Development and Training
General Disclosure     Policies on improving employees’ knowledge and skills for            Development and Training
                       discharging duties at work. Description of training activities.

KPI B3.1               The percentage of employees trained by gender and employee           Development and Training
                       category (e.g. senior management, middle management).

KPI B3.2               The average training hours completed per employee by gender          Development and Training
                       and employee category.


Aspect B4: Labour Standards
General Disclosure     Information on:                                                      Labour Standards

                       (a)    the policies; and

                       (b)    compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a
                              significant impact on the issuer

                       relating to preventing child and forced labour.

KPI B4.1               Description of measures to review employment practices to            Labour Standards
                       avoid child and forced labour.

KPI B4.2               Description of steps taken to eliminate such practices when          Labour Standards
                       discovered.


Aspect B5: Supply Chain Management
General Disclosure     Policies on managing environmental and social risks of the           Supply Chain Management
                       supply chain.

KPI B5.1               Number of suppliers by geographical region.                          Supply Chain Management
                                                                                            – Sustainable Supply Chain
                                                                                            Management

KPI B5.2               Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number      Supply Chain Management
                       of suppliers where the practices are being implemented, and          – Sustainable Supply Chain
                       how they are implemented and monitored.                              Management




                                                                                                                              65
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
     GOVERNANCE REPORT

      Subject Areas,
      Aspects, General
      Disclosures
      and KPIs                     Description                                                         Section/Declaration
      KPI B5.3                     Description of practices used to identify environmental and social Supply Chain Management
                                   risks along the supply chain, and how they are implemented and – Sustainable Supply Chain
                                   monitored.                                                         Management

      KPI B5.4                     Description of practices used to promote environmentally            Supply Chain Management
                                   preferable products and services when selecting suppliers, and      – Sustainable Supply Chain
                                   how they are implemented and monitored.                             Management


      Aspect B6: Product Responsibility
      General Disclosure           Information on:                                                     Product Responsibility

                                   (a)    the policies; and

                                   (b)    compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a
                                          significant impact on the issuer

                                   relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy
                                   matters relating to products and services provided and methods
                                   of redress.

      KPI B6.1                     Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to recalls     Product Responsibility
                                   for safety and health reasons.

      KPI B6.2                     Number of products and service related complaints received          Product Responsibility –
                                   and how they are dealt with.                                        Customer Services

      KPI B6.3                     Description of practices relating to observing and protecting       Product Responsibility –
                                   intellectual property rights.                                       Intellectual Property Rights

      KPI B6.4                     Description of quality assurance process and recall procedures.     Product Responsibility

      KPI B6.5                     Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies,       Product Responsibility – Data
                                   and how they are implemented and monitored.                         Privacy Protection




66
                                                                               Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



                                                  ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
                                                        GOVERNANCE REPORT

Subject Areas,
Aspects, General
Disclosures
and KPIs                Description                                                         Section/Declaration
Aspect B7: Anti-corruption
General Disclosure      Information on:                                                     Anti-corruption

                        (a)   the policies; and

                        (b)   compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a
                              significant impact on the issuer

                        relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering.

KPI B7.1                Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practices         Anti-corruption
                        brought against the issuer or its employees during the reporting
                        period and the outcomes of the cases.

KPI B7.2                Description of preventive measures and whistle-blowing              Anti-corruption
                        procedures, how they are implemented and monitored.

KPI B7.3                Description of anti-corruption training provided to directors and   Anti-corruption
                        staff.


Aspect B8: Community Investment
General Disclosure      Policies on community engagement to understand the needs            Community Investment
                        of the communities where the issuer operates and to ensure its
                        activities take into consideration the communities’ interests.

KPI B8.1                Focus areas of contribution (e.g. education, environmental          Community Investment
                        concerns, labour needs, health, culture, sport).

KPI B8.2                Resources contributed (e.g. money or time) to the focus area.       Community Investment




                                                                                                                              67
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
     GOVERNANCE REPORT

      Subject Areas,
      Aspects, General
      Disclosures
      and KPIs                     Description                                                         Section/Declaration
      Governance
      19                           An issuer shall disclose information about:                         Climate-Related Disclosure –
                                                                                                       Governance
      (a)                          the governance body(s) (which can include a board, committee
                                   or equivalent body charged with governance) or individual(s)
                                   responsible for oversight of climate related risks and
                                   opportunities; and

      (b)                          management’s role in the governance processes, controls and
                                   procedures used to monitor, manage and oversee climate-
                                   related risks and opportunities.


      Strategy
      Climate-related risks and opportunities
      20                           An issuer shall disclose information to enable an understanding Climate-Related Disclosure –
                                   of climate-related risks and opportunities that could reasonably Strategy
                                   be expected to affect the issuer’s cash flows, its access to
                                   finance or cost of capital over the short, medium or long-term.
                                   Specifically, the issuer shall:

      (a)                          describe climate-related risks and opportunities that could
                                   reasonably be expected to affect the issuer’s cash flows, its
                                   access to finance or cost of capital over the short, medium or
                                   long-term;

      (b)                          explain, for each climate-related risk the issuer has identified,
                                   whether the issuer considers the risk to be a climate-related
                                   physical risk or climate-related transition risk;

      (c)                          specify, for each climate-related risk and opportunity the issuer
                                   has identified, over which time horizons – short, medium or long-
                                   term – the effects of each climate-related risk and opportunity
                                   could reasonably be expected to occur; and

      (d)                          explain how the issuer defines “short-term”, “medium-term” and
                                   “long-term” and how these definitions are linked to the planning
                                   horizons used by the issuer for strategic decision-making.




68
                                                                                         Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



                                                   ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
                                                         GOVERNANCE REPORT

Subject Areas,
Aspects, General
Disclosures
and KPIs               Description                                                                       Section/Declaration
Business model and value chain
21                     A n i s s u e r s h a l l d i s c l o s e i n f o r m a t i o n t h a t e n a b l e s a n Climate-Related Disclosure –
                       understanding of the current and anticipated effects of climate- Strategy
                       related risks and opportunities on the issuer’s business model
                       and value chain. Specifically, the issuer shall disclose:

(a)                    a description of the current and anticipated effects of climate-
                       related risks and opportunities on the issuer’s business model
                       and value chain; and

(b)                    a description of where in the issuer’s business model and value
                       chain climate related risks and opportunities are concentrated (for
                       example, geographical areas, facilities and types of assets).


Strategy and decision-making
22.                    A n i s s u e r s h a l l d i s c l o s e i n f o r m a t i o n t h a t e n a b l e s a n Climate-Related Disclosure –
                       understanding of the effects of climate-related risks and Strategy
                       opportunities on its strategy and decision-making. Specifically,
                       the issuer shall disclose:

(a)                    information about how the issuer has responded to, and plans
                       to respond to, climate-related risks and opportunities in its
                       strategy and decision-making, including how the issuer plans to
                       achieve any climate-related targets it has set and any targets it is
                       required to meet by law or regulation; and

(b)                    information about how the issuer is resourcing, and plans to
                       resource, the activities disclosed in accordance with paragraph
                       22(a).

23.                    An issuer shall disclose information about the progress of plans Climate-Related Disclosure –
                       disclosed in previous reporting periods in accordance with Strategy
                       paragraph 22(a).




                                                                                                                                                69
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
     GOVERNANCE REPORT

      Subject Areas,
      Aspects, General
      Disclosures
      and KPIs                     Description                                                            Section/Declaration
      Current financial effect
      24.                          An issuer shall disclose qualitative and quantitative information Climate-Related Disclosure –
                                   about:                                                            Strategy

      (a)                          how climate-related risks and opportunities have affected its
                                   financial position, financial performance and cash flows for the
                                   reporting period; and

      (b)                          the climate-related risks and opportunities identified in paragraph
                                   24(a) for which there is a significant risk of a material adjustment
                                   within the next annual reporting period to the carrying amounts
                                   of assets and liabilities reported in the related financial
                                   statements.


      Anticipated financial effect
      25.                          The issuer shall provide qualitative and quantitative disclosures Climate-Related Disclosure –
                                   about:                                                            Strategy

      (a)                          how the issuer expects its financial position to change over
                                   the short, medium and long-term, given its strategy to manage
                                   climate-related risks and opportunities; and

      (b)                          how the issuer expects its financial performance and cash flows
                                   to change over the short, medium and long-term, given its
                                   strategy to manage climate-related risks and opportunities.




70
                                                                                       Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



                                                 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
                                                       GOVERNANCE REPORT

Subject Areas,
Aspects, General
Disclosures
and KPIs             Description                                                                       Section/Declaration
Climate resilience
26.                  A n i s s u e r s h a l l d i s c l o s e i n f o r m a t i o n t h a t e n a b l e s a n Climate-Related Disclosure –
                     understanding of the resilience of the issuer’s strategy and Strategy
                     business model to climate-related changes, developments and
                     uncertainties, taking into consideration the issuer’s identified
                     climate-related risks and opportunities. An issuer shall use
                     climate-related scenario analysis to assess its climate resilience
                     using an approach that is commensurate with an issuer’s
                     circumstances. In providing quantitative information, the issuer
                     may disclose a single amount or a range. Specifically, the issuer
                     shall disclose:

(a)                  the issuer’s assessment of its climate resilience as at the
                     reporting date; and

(b)                  how and when the climate-related scenario analysis was carried
                     out.


Risk Management
27.                  An issuer shall disclose information about:                                       Climate-Related Disclosure –
                                                                                                       Risk Management
(a)                  the processes and related policies it uses to identify, assess,
                     prioritise and monitor climate-related risks;

(b)                  the processes the issuer uses to identify, assess, prioritise and
                     monitor climate related opportunities (including information
                     about whether and how the issuer uses climate-related
                     scenario analysis to inform its identification of climate-related
                     opportunities); and

(c)                  the extent to which, and how, the processes for identifying,
                     assessing, prioritising and monitoring climate-related risks and
                     opportunities are integrated into and inform the issuer’s overall
                     risk management process.




                                                                                                                                              71
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
     GOVERNANCE REPORT

      Subject Areas,
      Aspects, General
      Disclosures
      and KPIs                     Description                                                          Section/Declaration
      Metrics and Targets
      Greenhouse gas emissions
      28.                          An issuer shall disclose its absolute gross greenhouse gas Climate-Related Disclosure –
                                   emissions generated during the reporting period, expressed as Metrics and Targets
                                   metric tons of CO2 equivalent, classified as:

      (a)                          Scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions;

      (b)                          Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions; and

      (c)                          Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions.

      29.                          An issuer shall:                                                     Climate-Related Disclosure –
                                                                                                        Metrics and Targets
      (a)                          measure its greenhouse gas emissions in accordance with
                                   the Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and
                                   Reporting Standard (2004) unless required by a jurisdictional
                                   authority or another exchange on which the issuer is listed to use
                                   a different method for measuring greenhouse gas emissions;

      (b)                          disclose the approach it uses to measure its greenhouse gas
                                   emissions;

      (c)                          for Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions disclosed in accordance
                                   with paragraph 28(b), disclose its location-based Scope 2
                                   greenhouse gas emissions, and provide information about
                                   any contractual instruments that is necessary to enable
                                   an understanding of the issuer’s Scope 2 greenhouse gas
                                   emissions; and

      (d)                          for Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions disclosed in accordance
                                   with paragraph 28(c), disclose the categories included within
                                   the issuer’s measure of Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions,
                                   in accordance with the Scope 3 categories described in the
                                   Greenhouse Gas Protocol Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3)
                                   Accounting and Reporting Standard (2011).




72
                                                                              Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



                                                 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
                                                       GOVERNANCE REPORT

Subject Areas,
Aspects, General
Disclosures
and KPIs                 Description                                                        Section/Declaration
Climate-related transition risks
30.                      An issuer shall disclose the amount and percentage of assets or Climate-Related Disclosure –
                         business activities vulnerable to climate-related transition risks. Metrics and Targets


Climate-related physical risks
31.                      An issuer shall disclose the amount and percentage of assets or Climate-Related Disclosure –
                         business activities vulnerable to climate-related physical risks. Metrics and Targets


Climate-related opportunities
32.                      An issuer shall disclose the amount and percentage of assets or Climate-Related Disclosure –
                         business activities aligned with climate-related opportunities. Metrics and Targets


Capital deployment
33.                      An issuer shall disclose the amount of capital expenditure, Climate-Related Disclosure –
                         financing or investment deployed towards climate-related risks Metrics and Targets
                         and opportunities.


Internal carbon prices
34.                      An issuer shall disclose:                                          Climate-Related Disclosure –
                                                                                            Metrics and Targets
(a)                      an explanation of whether and how the issuer is applying a
                         carbon price in decision-making (for example, investment
                         decisions, transfer pricing, and scenario analysis); and

(b)                      the price of each metric tonne of greenhouse gas emissions the
                         issuer uses to assess the costs of its greenhouse gas emissions.


Remuneration
35.                      An issuer shall disclose whether and how climate-related Climate-Related Disclosure –
                         considerations are factored into remuneration policy, or an Governance
                         appropriate negative statement. This may form part of the
                         disclosure under paragraph 19(a)(iv).




                                                                                                                             73
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
     GOVERNANCE REPORT

      Subject Areas,
      Aspects, General
      Disclosures
      and KPIs                     Description                                                           Section/Declaration
      Industry-based metrics
      36.                          An issuer is encouraged to disclose industry-based metrics Climate-Related Disclosure –
                                   that are associated with one or more particular business Metrics and Targets
                                   models, activities or other common features that characterise
                                   participation in an industry. In determining the industry-based
                                   metrics that the issuer discloses, an issuer is encouraged to
                                   refer to and consider the applicability of the industry-based
                                   metrics associated with disclosure topics described in the IFRS
                                   S2 Industry based Guidance on implementing Climate-related
                                   Disclosures and other industry-based disclosure requirements
                                   prescribed under other international ESG reporting frameworks.


      Climate-related targets
      37.                          An issuer shall disclose (a) the qualitative and quantitative Climate-Related Disclosure –
                                   climate-related targets the issuer has set to monitor progress Metrics and Targets
                                   towards achieving its strategic goals; and (b) any targets the
                                   issuer is required to meet by law or regulation, including any
                                   greenhouse gas emissions targets. For each target, the issuer
                                   shall disclose:

      (a)                          the metric used to set the target;

      (b)                          the objective of the target (for example, mitigation, adaptation or
                                   conformance with science-based initiatives);

      (c)                          the part of the issuer to which the target applies (for example,
                                   whether the target applies to the issuer in its entirety or only a
                                   part of the issuer, such as a specific business unit or geographic
                                   region);

      (d)                          the period over which the target applies;

      (e)                          the base period from which progress is measured;

      (f)                          milestones or interim targets (if any);

      (g)                          if the target is quantitative, whether the target is an absolute
                                   target or an intensity target; and

      (h)                          how the latest international agreement on climate change,
                                   including jurisdictional commitments that arise from that
                                   agreement, has informed the target.

74
                                                                          Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



                                           ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
                                                 GOVERNANCE REPORT

Subject Areas,
Aspects, General
Disclosures
and KPIs           Description                                                           Section/Declaration
38.                An issuer shall disclose information about its approach to setting Climate-Related Disclosure
                   and reviewing each target, and how it monitors progress against – Metrics and Targets,
                   each target, including:                                            Climate-Related Disclosure –
                                                                                      Governance
(a)                whether the target and the methodology for setting the target
                   has been validated by a third party;

(b)                the issuer’s processes for reviewing the target;

(c)                the metrics used to monitor progress towards reaching the
                   target; and

(d)                any revisions to the target and an explanation for those revisions.

39.                An issuer shall disclose information about its performance Climate-Related Disclosure –
                   against each climate-related target and an analysis of trends or Metrics and Targets
                   changes in the issuer’s performance.

40.                For each greenhouse gas emissions target disclosed in Climate-Related Disclosure –
                   accordance with paragraphs 37 to 39, an issuer shall disclose: Metrics and Targets

(a)                which greenhouse gases are covered by the target;

(b)                whether Scope 1, Scope 2 or Scope 3 greenhouse gas
                   emissions are covered by the target;

(c)                whether the target is a gross greenhouse gas emissions target
                   or a net greenhouse gas emissions target. If the issuer discloses
                   a net greenhouse gas emissions target, the issuer is also
                   required to separately disclose its associated gross greenhouse
                   gas emissions target;

(d)                whether the target was derived using a sectoral decarbonisation
                   approach; and

(e)                the issuer’s planned use of carbon credits to offset greenhouse
                   gas emissions to achieve any net greenhouse gas emissions
                   target.




                                                                                                                         75
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
     GOVERNANCE REPORT

      Subject Areas,
      Aspects, General
      Disclosures
      and KPIs                     Description                                                    Section/Declaration
      Applicability of cross-industry metrics and industry-based metrics
      41.                          In preparing disclosures to meet the requirements in paragraphs Climate-Related Disclosure –
                                   21 to 26 and 37 to 38, an issuer shall refer to and consider the Metrics and Targets
                                   applicability of (i) cross-industry metrics (see paragraphs 28 to
                                   35) and (ii) industry-based metrics (see paragraph 36).




76
                                                                                      Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



                                             INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT


                                                                                                        31/F., Gloucester Tower
                                                                                                                  The Landmark
                                                                                                               11 Pedder Street
                                                                                                                         Central
                                                                                                                    Hong Kong


INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
TO THE MEMBERS OF
CTR HOLDINGS LIMITED
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

OPINION

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of CTR Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
(collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 82 to 139, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial
position as at 28 February 2026, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the
consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and
notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
Group as at 28 February 2026, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year
then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) Accounting Standards issued by the
International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure
requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute
of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditors’
Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the
Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the Code”), as applicable to audits of
financial statements of public interest entities. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the
Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion
on these matters.




                                                                                                                                     77
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT


     KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

     Key audit matter                                                 How our audit addressed the key audit matter

     Accounting for construction contracts

     Refer to note 6 to the consolidated financial statements

     The Group recognised revenue from construction contracts         Our audit procedures in relation to the accounting for
     of approximately S$262,018,000 for the year ended 28             construction contracts including, but not limited to:
     February 2026.
                                                                      •    Obtaining an understanding of key controls over the
     The Group applied the stage of completion method in                   revenue recognition and contract costs budgetary
     recognising the revenue from construction contracts over              process of the Group.
     time by reference to the Group’s efforts or inputs to the
     satisfaction on a performance obligation relative to the total   •    In relation to the total contract revenue, (i) tracing
     expected inputs to the satisfaction of the performance                the total contract sums to construction contracts
     obligation. The recognition of revenue therefore relies on            and variation orders where applicable, entered into
     the management’s estimation towards the estimation of                 by the Group and its customers on a sample basis;
     the budgeted cost, which are prepared in accordance with              and (ii) recomputing the percentage-of-completion by
     contract specifications, past experiences and competences.            calculating, on individual selected project basis, the
                                                                           actual contract costs incurred to date over the total
     In order to keep the budget accurate and the most up-                 budgeted contract costs.
     to-date, the management of the Group conducts periodic
     reviews of the budgets of contracts by comparing the             •    In relation to the total contract costs, (i) assessing
     budgeted amounts to the actual amounts incurred of                    the competence of project managers and surveyors;
     projects, in which requires significant time and resources            (ii) understanding and discussing the status of each
     to audit due to the magnitude, as well as the significant             of the selected projects with project managers and
     judgement and estimates involved.                                     surveyors; (iii) reviewing the reasonableness of the
                                                                           costs to complete for selected projects by verifying
                                                                           against contracts, quotations or other supporting
                                                                           evidence; (iv) reviewing the reasonableness of costs
                                                                           components based on our understanding of the
                                                                           nature of selected contracts; (v) understanding how
                                                                           the selected variation orders affect the total contract
                                                                           costs and checking to supporting evidence; and (vi)
                                                                           assessing the accuracy of actual total costs incurred
                                                                           for the year by checking against the supporting
                                                                           documents including the payment certificates or
                                                                           invoices issued by the major subcontractors, suppliers
                                                                           or vendors, on a sample basis.

                                                                      Based on the above audit procedures performed, we found
                                                                      that the application of judgment and estimates adopted by
                                                                      management in determining the estimated contract revenue,
                                                                      costs and profit recognition of construction contracts were
                                                                      supported by the evidence we obtained.




78
                                                                                     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



                                            INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT


OTHER INFORMATION

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditors’ report thereon (the
“Other Information”).

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the Other Information and we do not express any form
of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the Other Information and,
in doing so, consider whether the Other Information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements
or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have
performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this Other Information, we are required to report that fact.
We have nothing to report in this regard.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE FOR THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true
and fair view in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of
the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue
as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of
accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but
to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




                                                                                                                                    79
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT


     AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are
     free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ report that includes our opinion
     solely to you, as a body and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other
     person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an
     audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can
     arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to
     influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

     As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism
     throughout the audit. We also:

     •     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
           or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
           and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting
           from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
           misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

     •     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
           appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s
           internal control.

     •     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
           disclosures made by the directors.

     •     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the
           audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant
           doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are
           required to draw attention in our auditors’ report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or,
           if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained
           up to the date of our auditors’ report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as
           a going concern.

     •     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
           disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
           manner that achieves fair presentation.

     •     Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of
           the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming opinion on the group financial statements. We are
           responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of the group audit. We
           remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.




80
                                                                                       Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



                                             INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT


AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards
applied.

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters.
We describe these matters in our auditors’ report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or
when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because
the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such
communication.

The engagement director on the audit resulting in this independent auditors’ report is Shek Lui (practising certificate number:
P05895).




HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited
Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong, 29 May 2026




                                                                                                                                      81
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR
     LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
     For the year ended 28 February 2026



                                                                                   Year ended          Year ended
                                                                              28 February 2026    28 February 2025
                                                                      Notes             S$’000             S$’000

     Revenue                                                           6               262,018            206,918
     Construction costs                                                               (227,443)          (182,210)

     Gross profit                                                                       34,575              24,708
     Other income and gains, net                                       7                 1,959               1,444
     Administrative expenses                                                           (18,165)            (16,177)
     Provision on loss allowance on financial assets and
        contract assets, net                                                              (166)               (406)
     Finance costs                                                     8                   (37)                 (10)

     Profit before tax                                                 9               18,166                9,559
     Income tax expense                                                12              (3,760)              (1,793)

     Profit for the year                                                               14,406               7,766

     Other comprehensive (expense)/income:
     Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
        Exchange differences on translation of foreign operation                          (661)                 89

     Other comprehensive (expense)/income for the year,
       net of tax                                                                         (661)                 89

     Total comprehensive income for the year                                           13,745               7,855

     Profit attributable to:
       Owners of the company                                                           14,406               7,766

     Total comprehensive income attributable to:
       Owners of the company                                                           13,745               7,855

     Earnings per share
       – Basic and diluted (SGD cents)                                 14                 1.03                0.55




82
                                                                             Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



                                                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                                         FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                                  As at 28 February 2026



                                                                                        As at                   As at
                                                                             28 February 2026       28 February 2025
                                                                   Notes               S$’000                S$’000

Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                        15                  3,583                  2,761
Investment properties                                                16                  4,068                  4,200
Right-of-use assets                                                  17                  2,827                    278
Intangible assets                                                    18                    369                      –
Contract assets                                                     19(a)               24,032                 18,323
Total non-current assets                                                                34,879                 25,562
Current assets
Inventories                                                          20                    457                    549
Contract assets                                                     19(a)               30,943                 22,585
Trade receivables                                                    21                 16,593                 25,749
Prepayments, other receivables and deposits                          22                  5,027                  4,357
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                23                  2,638                  2,098
Amounts due from related parties                                     24                    152                    158
Time deposits with original maturity over three months               25                 57,000                 16,125
Cash and cash equivalents                                            25                 31,882                 30,071
Total current assets                                                                   144,692                101,692
Total assets                                                                           179,571                127,254
Current liabilities
Contract liabilities                                                19(b)               38,218                  7,086
Trade payables                                                       26                 48,943                 47,249
Other payables and accruals                                          27                 12,354                 10,578
Lease liabilities                                                    28                  1,518                    136
Income tax payable                                                                       3,182                  1,817
Total current liabilities                                                              104,215                 66,866
Net current assets                                                                      40,477                 34,826
Total assets less current liabilities                                                   75,356                 60,388
Non-current liabilities
Lease liabilities                                                    28                   1,314                    101
Deferred tax liabilities                                             29                      96                     86
Total non-current liabilities                                                             1,410                    187
Total liabilities                                                                      105,625                 67,053
Net assets                                                                              73,946                 60,201
Equity attributable to owners of the Company
Share capital                                                        30                    190                    190
Reserves                                                             31                 73,756                 60,011
Total equity                                                                            73,946                 60,201
Total equity and liabilities                                                           179,571                127,254

The consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 29 May 2026
and are signed on its behalf by:

                            Xu Xuping                                           Xu Tiancheng
                             Director                                              Director
                                                                                                                            83
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     CHANGES IN EQUITY
     For the year ended 28 February 2026



                                                                                     Foreign
                                                                                   currency
                                                         Share             Share translation                  Merger           Retained
                                                        capital         premium*     reserve*                 reserve*           profits*            Total
                                                        S$’000            S$’000      S$’000                   S$’000            S$’000             S$’000
                                                      (Note 30)         (Note 31)   (Note 31)                (Note 31)

     At 1 March 2024                                         190           17,739                (285)           1,100            33,602            52,346
     Profit for the year                                       –                –                   –                –             7,766             7,766
     Other comprehensive income
       for the year:
     Exchange differences on translation
       of foreign operations                                    –                 –                89                  –                 –                89

     Total comprehensive income for
       the year                                                 –                 –                89                  –            7,766             7,855
     At 28 February 2025 and
       1 March 2025                                          190           17,739                (196)           1,100            41,368            60,201
     Profit for the year                                       –                –                   –                –            14,406            14,406
     Other comprehensive expense
       for the year:
     Exchange differences on translation
       of foreign operations                                    –                 –              (661)                 –                 –              (661)

     Total comprehensive (expense)/
       income for the year                                      –                 –              (661)                 –          14,406            13,745

     At 28 February 2026                                     190           17,739                (857)           1,100            55,774            73,946


     *     These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated reserves of S$73,756,000 (2025: S$60,011,000) in the consolidated statement of financial position.




84
                                                                                 Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



                  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                         For the year ended 28 February 2026




                                                                                      Year ended             Year ended
                                                                                 28 February 2026       28 February 2025
                                                                         Notes             S$’000                S$’000

Cash flows from operating activities
Profit before tax                                                                           18,166                   9,559
Adjustments for:
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                 593                    467
  Depreciation of investment properties                                                         132                    133
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                           435                    188
  Amortisation of intangible assets                                                               3                      –
  Gain on fair value changes in financial assets at fair value through
     profit or loss                                                                             (40)                    (68)
  (Gain)/loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                      (88)                      4
  Loss allowance provision on/(reversal of provision on):
  – Contract assets                                                                             339                    762
  – Trade receivables                                                                          (173)                  (356)
  Interest income                                                                              (790)                (1,080)
  Finance costs                                                                                  37                     10
  Foreign exchange (gain)/loss, net                                                            (623)                     1
Operating cash flows before changes in working capital                                       17,991                   9,620
Increase in contract assets                                                                 (14,406)               (10,084)
(Increase)/decrease in inventories                                                               92                    (517)
Decrease/(increase) in trade receivables                                                      9,329                (14,150)
Increase in prepayments, other receivables and deposits                                        (646)                 (1,623)
Increase/(decrease) in amount due from related parties                                            6                       (4)
Increase in contract liabilities                                                             31,132                   1,382
Increase in trade payables                                                                    1,694                 18,325
Increase/(decrease) in other payables and accruals                                            1,776                    (265)
Cash flows generated from operations                                                        46,968                   2,684
Interest received                                                                              109                     705
Income taxes paid                                                                           (2,385)                   (662)
Net cash flows generated from operating activities                                          44,692                   2,727
Cash flows from investing activities
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                    (1,527)                  (340)
Proceed from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                          200                      4
Acquisition of intangible assets                                                               (372)                     –
Purchase of financial assets at fair value through profit and loss                             (500)                     –
Interest received from time deposits with original maturity over three
   months                                                                                       657                    542
Decrease in pledged deposits                                                                      –                    650
Withdrawal from time deposits with original maturity over three
   months                                                                                    31,125                 22,249
Placement of time deposits with original maturity over three months                         (72,000)               (22,249)
Net cash (used in)/generated from investing activities                                      (42,417)                   856
Cash flows from financing activities
Repayment of lease liabilities                                                                 (426)                  (165)
Net cash flows used in financing activities                                                    (426)                  (165)
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                    1,849                  3,418
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of financial year                                    30,071                 26,565
Effect of exchange rate changes on the balance of cash held in
   foreign currencies                                                                           (38)                     88
Cash and cash equivalents at end of financial year                        25                31,882                 30,071

                                                                                                                                85
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 28 February 2026




     1.    CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION

           CTR Holdings Limited (the “Company”) is a limited liability company incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 24 October
           2018 and its shares are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) with effect from
           15 January 2020. The registered address of the Company is Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, P.O. Box 2681, Grand
           Cayman KY1-1111, Cayman Islands. The head office and principal place of business of the Group is at 21 Woodlands
           Close #08-11/12, Primz Bizhub, Singapore 737854.

           Brave Ocean Limited (“Brave Ocean”), a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands (the “BVI”), is the immediate
           holding company of the Company, and in the opinion of the Directors, which is also the ultimate holding company of
           the Company.

           The Company is an investment holding company. The principal activities of its subsidiaries are provision of structural
           engineering works and wet architectural works.

           The consolidated financial statements are presented in Singapore dollars (“SGD” or “S$”), which is different from the
           Company’s functional currency of Hong Kong dollar (“HK$”). For the convenience of the financial statements users,
           the consolidated financial statements are presented in S$ as the board (the “Board”) of directors of the Company (the
           “Directors”) consider that SGD is the functional currency of the primary economic environment in which most of the
           transactions of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) are denominated and settled in and this presentation is
           more useful for its current and potential investors. The consolidated financial statements are presented in the nearest
           thousand (“S$’000”), except when otherwise indicated.

           The Company has direct and indirect interests in its subsidiaries, all of which are private limited liability companies (or, if
           incorporated outside Hong Kong, have substantially similar characteristics to a private company incorporated in Hong
           Kong), the particulars of which are set out below:


                                            Place and date           Issued           Percentage of equity attributable
                                            of incorporation         ordinary/                 to the Company
                                            registration and         registered         Direct                Indirect
           Company name                     place of operations      share capital   2026      2025        2026       2025      Principal activities
                                                                                       %         %           %          %

           Held by the Company

           Pinnacle Shine Limited           British Virgin Islands   US$10           100         100          –             –   Investment holding
                                            20 August 2018

           Held through a Subsidiary

           Chian Teck Realty Pte Ltd        Singapore                S$6,500,000        –          –        100           100   Provision of structural
                                            30 March 2009                                                                         engineering works and
                                                                                                                                  wet architectural works

           Chian Teck Development Pte Ltd   Singapore                S$100,000          –          –        100           100   Provision of structural
                                            22 March 2006                                                                         engineering works and
                                                                                                                                  wet architectural works



86
                                                                                            Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    For the year ended 28 February 2026




2.   APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO IFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

     Amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards that are mandatorily effective for the current year

     In the current year, the Group has applied the following new and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards issued
     by the IASB for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the annual period beginning on or after 1 March 2025
     for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:

     Amendments to IAS 21                                  Lack of Exchangeability

     The application of the new and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards in the current year has had no material
     impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set
     out in these consolidated financial statements.

     Amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards in issue but not yet effective

     The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards that have been
     issued but are not yet effective:

     Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                       Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial
                                                             Instruments2
     Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                       Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity2
     Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28                      Sale of Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or
                                                             Joint Venture1
     Amendments to IFRS Accounting                         Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards – Volume 112
       Standards
     IFRS 18                                               Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements3
     Amendments to IAS 21 and IFRS 1                       Translation to Hyperinflationary Presentation Currency3

     1
          Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.
     2
          Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026.
     3
          Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027.


     The directors of the Company anticipate that the application of all new and amendments to IFRS Accounting
     Standards will have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.




                                                                                                                                           87
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 28 February 2026




     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION

           Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements

           The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards issued by
           the IASB. For the purposes of preparation of the consolidated financial statements, information is considered material
           if such information is reasonably expected to influence decisions made by primary users. In addition, the consolidated
           financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the
           Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”) and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

           The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost basis, except for the financial assets
           at Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”) as explained in the accounting policies below.

           Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and services.

           Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
           between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or
           estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes into
           account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics into account
           when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure purposes in
           these consolidated financial statements is determined on such a basis, except for share based payment transactions
           that are within the scope of IFRSs 2 Share-based Payment, leasing transactions that are within the scope of IFRS 16
           Leases, and measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net realisable value in
           IAS 2 Inventories or value in use in IAS 36 Impairment of Assets.

           Basis of consolidation

           The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities controlled by
           the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:

           •     has power over the investee;

           •     is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and

           •     has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

           The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes
           to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.




88
                                                                                         Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  For the year ended 28 February 2026




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

     Basis of consolidation (Continued)

     Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the Group
     loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the
     year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income from the date the
     Group gains control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

     Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to owners of the Company and to
     the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed to owners of the Company and
     to the non-controlling interest even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

     When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies
     into line with the Group’s accounting policies.

     All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between
     members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

     Fair value measurement

     Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
     between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that
     the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either in the principal market for the asset or liability,
     or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability. The principal or
     the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Group. The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured
     using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market
     participants act in their economic best interest.

     A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to generate economic
     benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that would use the
     asset in its highest and best use.

     The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data
     are available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of
     unobservable inputs.




                                                                                                                                          89
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 28 February 2026




     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

           Fair value measurement (Continued)

           All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised
           within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
           measurement as a whole:

           Level 1      –       based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities

           Level 2      –       based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
                                measurement is observable, either directly or indirectly

           Level 3      –       based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
                                measurement is unobservable

           For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group determines
           whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing categorisation (based on the lowest
           level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting period.

           Where an indication of impairment exists, or when annual impairment testing for non-financial asset is required (other
           than inventories and contract assets, the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. An asset’s recoverable amount
           is the higher of the asset’s or cash-generating unit’s value in use and its fair value less costs of disposal, and is
           determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent
           of those from other assets or groups of assets, in which case the recoverable amount is determined for the cash-
           generating unit to which the asset belongs.

           An impairment loss is recognised only if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount. In assessing
           value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that
           reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. An impairment loss is
           charged to the profit or loss in the period in which it arises in those expense categories consistent with the function of
           the impaired asset.

           An assessment is made at the end of each reporting period as to whether there is an indication that previously
           recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such an indication exists, the recoverable
           amount is estimated. A previously recognised impairment loss of an asset other than goodwill is reversed only if there
           has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount of that asset, but not to an amount
           higher than the carrying amount that would have been determined (net of any depreciation/amortisation) had no
           impairment loss been recognised for the asset in prior years. A reversal of such an impairment loss is credited to the
           statement of profit or loss in the period in which it arises, unless the asset is carried at a revalued amount, in which
           case the reversal of the impairment loss is accounted for in accordance with the relevant accounting policy for that
           revalued asset.




90
                                                                                            Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    For the year ended 28 February 2026




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

     Related parties

     A party is considered to be related to the Group if:

     (a)   the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person:

           (i)      has control or joint control over the Group;

           (ii)     has significant influence over the Group; or

           (iii)    is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;

     or

     (b)   the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:

           (i)      the entity and the Group are members of the same group;

           (ii)     one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or fellow subsidiary of
                    the other entity);

           (iii)    the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;

           (iv)     one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;

           (v)      the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an entity
                    related to the Group; and the sponsoring employers of the post-employment benefit plan;

           (vi)     the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);

           (vii)    a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management
                    personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and

           (viii)   the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services to
                    the Group or to the parent of the Group.




                                                                                                                                           91
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 28 February 2026




     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

           Property, plant and equipment and depreciation

           Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses. The cost
           of an item of property, plant and equipment comprises its purchase price and any directly attributable costs of bringing
           the asset to its working condition and location for its intended use.

           Expenditure incurred after items of property, plant and equipment have been put into operation, such as repairs
           and maintenance, is normally charged to profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred. In situations where the
           recognition criteria are satisfied, the expenditure for a major inspection is capitalised in the carrying amount of the asset
           as a replacement. Where significant parts of property, plant and equipment are required to be replaced at intervals, the
           Group recognises such parts as individual assets with specific useful lives and depreciates them accordingly.

           Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of property, plant and equipment
           to its residual value over its estimated useful life. The principal annual rates used for this purpose are as follows:

                                                                                                                         Useful lives

           Office units                                                                                                54 to 60 years
           Computers                                                                                                          3 years
           Furniture and fixtures                                                                                             5 years
           Office equipment                                                                                                   5 years
           Motor vehicles                                                                                                     5 years
           Renovation                                                                                                         5 years

           Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of that item is allocated
           on a reasonable basis among the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Residual values, useful lives and the
           depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at least at each financial year end.

           An item of property, plant and equipment including any significant part initially recognised is derecognised upon
           disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss on disposal or
           retirement recognised in profit or loss in the year the asset is derecognised is the difference between the net sales
           proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant asset.

           Investment properties

           Investment properties are interests in land and buildings held to earn rental income and/or for capital appreciation.
           Such properties are measured initially at cost, including transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, investment
           properties are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses.

           Investment properties are derecognised when either they have been disposed of or when the investment property is
           permanently withdrawn from use and no future economic benefit is expected from its disposal. Any gains or losses
           on the retirement or disposal of an investment property are recognised in profit or loss in the year of the retirement or
           disposal.




92
                                                                                      Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 For the year ended 28 February 2026




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

     Intangible asset

     Intangible assets acquired separately are measured initially at cost. Following initial acquisition, intangible assets
     are carried at cost less any accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses. The useful lives of
     intangible assets are assessed as either finite or indefinite.

     Intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortised over the estimated useful lives and assessed for impairment
     whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amortisation period and the amortisation
     method are reviewed at least at each financial year-end. Changes in the expected useful life or the expected pattern of
     consumption of future economic benefits embodied in the asset is accounted for by changing the amortisation period
     or method, as appropriate, and are treated as changes in accounting estimates.

     License right is amortised on a straight-line basis over the contractual life of 3 years.

     An intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are expected from use or
     disposal. Gains and losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset, measured as the difference between
     the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset, are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is
     derecognised.

     Leases

     Definition of a lease

     A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period
     of time in exchange for consideration.

     For contracts entered into or modified on or after the date of initial application or arising from business combinations,
     the Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under IFRS 16 at inception,
     modification date or acquisition date, as appropriate. Such contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and
     conditions of the contract are subsequently changed.

     The Group as a lessee

     Allocation of consideration to components of a contract

     For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease components, the Group
     allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative standalone price of the
     lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.

     The Group applies practical expedient not to separate non-lease components from lease component, and instead
     account for the lease component and any associated non-lease components as a single lease component.




                                                                                                                                       93
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 28 February 2026




     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

           Leases (Continued)

           The Group as a lessee (Continued)

           Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

           The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases of staff quarters that have a lease term of 12
           months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option. It also applies the recognition
           exemption for lease of low-value assets. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are
           recognised as expense on a straight-line basis or another systematic basis over the lease term.

           Right-of-use assets

           The cost of right-of-use asset includes:

           •     the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;

           •     any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;

           •     any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and

           •     an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the underlying assets, restoring the
                 site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and conditions
                 of the lease, unless those costs are incurred to produce inventories.

           Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for
           any remeasurement of lease liabilities.

           Right-of-use assets in which the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the underlying leased assets at the
           end of the lease term are depreciated from commencement date to the end of the useful life. Otherwise, right-of-use
           assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life and the lease term.

           The Group presents right-of-use assets as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.

           Refundable rental deposits

           Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under IFRS 9 Financial Instruments and initially measured at fair value.
           Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and included in the cost of
           right-of-use assets.




94
                                                                                    Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                             For the year ended 28 February 2026




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

     Leases (Continued)

     The Group as a lessee (Continued)

     Lease liabilities

     At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognises and measures the lease liability at the present value
     of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses
     the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily
     determinable.

     The lease payments include:

     •     fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable;

     •     variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the
           commencement date;

     •     amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees;

     •     the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise the option; and

     •     payments of penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising an option to
           terminate the lease.

     Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are not included in the measurement of lease
     liabilities and right-of-use assets, and are recognised as expense in the period in which the event or condition that
     triggers the payment occurs.

     After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.

     The Group remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related right-of-use assets)
     whenever:

     •     the lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of exercise of a purchase option, in which
           case the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount
           rate at the date of reassessment.

     •     the lease payments change due to changes in market rental rates following a market rent review/expected
           payment under a guaranteed residual value, in which cases the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting
           the revised lease payments using the initial discount rate.

     The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.




                                                                                                                                   95
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 28 February 2026




     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

           Leases (Continued)

           The Group as a lessee (Continued)

           Lease modifications

           The Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:

           •     the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying assets; and

           •     the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone price for the
                 increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to reflect the circumstances of the
                 particular contract.

           For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease liability based
           on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the
           effective date of the modification.

           The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities and lease incentives from lessor by making
           corresponding adjustments to the relevant right-of-use asset. When the modified contract contains one or more
           additional lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the modified contract to each lease component
           on the basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease component. The associated non-lease components are
           included in the respective lease components.

           The Group as a lessor

           Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an asset
           are classified as operating leases. Rental income arising is accounted for on a straight-line basis over the lease terms.
           Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the
           leased asset and recognised over the lease term on the same basis as rental income.




96
                                                                                       Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                For the year ended 28 February 2026




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

     Investments and other financial assets

     Initial recognition and measurement

     Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value through
     other comprehensive income, and fair value through profit or loss.

     The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual cash flow
     characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing them. With the exception of trade receivables that do not
     contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient of not adjusting
     the effect of a significant financing component, the Group initially measures a financial asset at its fair value plus in the
     case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs. Trade receivables that do not contain
     a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient are measured at the
     transaction price determined under IFRS 15 in accordance with the policies set out for “Revenue recognition” below.

     In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through other comprehensive
     income, it needs to give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest (“SPPI”) on the principal
     amount outstanding. Financial assets with cash flows that are not SPPI are classified and measured at fair value
     through profit or loss, irrespective of the business model.

     The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in order to
     generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting contractual cash
     flows, selling the financial assets, or both. Financial assets classified and measured at amortised cost are held within a
     business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows, while financial assets
     classified and measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are held within a business model with the
     objective of both holding to collect contractual cash flows and selling. Financial assets which are not held within the
     aforementioned business models are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss.

     Purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally established by
     regulation or convention in the marketplace are recognised on the trade date, that is, the date that the Group commits
     to purchase or sell the asset.

     Subsequent measurement

     The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:

     Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)

     Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest method and are subject to
     impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised, modified or impaired.

     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial position at fair value with net
     changes in fair value recognised in the statement of profit or loss.


                                                                                                                                       97
     Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 28 February 2026




     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

           Derecognition of financial assets

           A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets) is primarily
           derecognised (i.e., removed from the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position) when:

           •     the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or

           •     the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation to pay the
                 received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a “pass-through” arrangement; and either
                 (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) the Group has neither
                 transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred control of the asset.

           When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass-through
           arrangement, it evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risk and rewards of ownership of the asset. When it
           has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset nor transferred control of the asset,
           the Group continues to recognise the transferred asset to the extent of the Group’s continuing involvement. In that
           case, the Group also recognises an associated liability. The transferred asset and the associated liability are measured
           on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the Group has retained.

           Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the lower of the
           original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group could be required to
           repay.

           Impairment of financial assets

           The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for all debt instruments not held at fair value
           through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with
           the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an approximation of the original
           effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit
           enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.




98
                                                                                      Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                               For the year ended 28 February 2026




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

     Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

     General approach

     ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in credit
     risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events that are possible within
     the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for which there has been a significant increase in
     credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected over the remaining life of the
     exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).

     At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly
     since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the
     financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the
     date of initial recognition and considers reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost
     or effort, including historical and forward-looking information. The Group considers that there has been a significant
     increase in credit risk when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due.

     The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 90 days past due. However, in certain
     cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or external information indicates
     that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full before taking into account any credit
     enhancements held by the Group. A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering
     the contractual cash flows.

     Financial assets at amortised cost are subject to impairment under the general approach and they are classified
     within the following stages for measurement of ECLs except for trade receivables and contract assets which apply the
     simplified approach as detailed below.

     Stage 1      –      Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial recognition and
                         for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-month ECLs

     Stage 2      –      Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition but that
                         are not credit-impaired financial assets and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount
                         equal to lifetime ECLs

     Stage 3      –      Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that are not purchased or
                         originated credit-impaired) and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to
                         lifetime ECLs

     Simplified approach

     For trade receivables and contract assets that do not contain a significant financing component or when the Group
     applies the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group applies the
     simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Under the simplified approach, the Group does not track changes in credit
     risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group has established
     a provision matrix that is based on its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to
     the debtors and the economic environment.

                                                                                                                                      99
      Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 28 February 2026




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

            Financial liabilities

            Initial recognition and measurement

            Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as payables, as appropriate.

            The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and other payables and accruals and lease liabilities.

            All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of payables, net of directly attributable
            transaction costs.

            Subsequent measurement

            The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification as follows:

            Financial liabilities at amortised cost

            After initial recognition, financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest
            rate method unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which case they are stated at cost. Gains and
            losses are recognised in profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as well as through the effective interest rate
            amortisation process. Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and
            fees or costs that are an integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortisation is included in
            finance costs in profit or loss.

            Derecognition/modification of financial liabilities

            A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled, or expires.

            When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or the
            terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as a derecognition
            of the original liability and a recognition of a new liability, and the difference between the respective carrying amounts is
            recognised in profit or loss.

            Offsetting a financial asset and a financial liability

            A financial asset and a financial liability are offset and the net amount presented in the consolidated statement of
            financial position when, and only when, the Group currently has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised
            amounts; and intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

            Inventories

            Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined on a first-in, first-out basis.
            Net realisable value is based on estimated selling prices less any estimated costs to be incurred to completion and
            disposal. Cost necessary to make the sale include incremental costs directly attributable to the sale and no incremental
            costs which the Group must incur to make the sale.

100
                                                                                      Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                              For the year ended 28 February 2026




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

     Cash and cash equivalents

     Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and at banks, and short-term highly liquid deposits with a maturity
     of generally within three months and that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash, are subject to an
     insignificant risk of changes in value, and have a short maturity of generally within three months when acquired, less
     bank overdrafts which are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the Group’s cash management.

     Provisions

     A provision is recognised when a present obligation (legal or constructive) has arisen as a result of a past event and it is
     probable that a future outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, provided that a reliable estimate can
     be made of the amount of the obligation.

     When the effect of discounting is material, the amount recognised for a provision is the present value at the end of
     the reporting period of the future expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation. The increase in the
     discounted present value amount arising from the passage of time is included in finance costs in the statement of profit
     or loss.

     Onerous contracts

     Present obligations arising under onerous contracts are recognised and measured as provisions. An onerous contract
     is considered to exist where the Group has a contract under which the unavoidable costs of meeting the obligations
     under the contract exceed the economic benefits expected to be received from the contract. The unavoidable costs
     under a contract reflect the least net cost of exiting from the contract, which is the lower of the net cost of fulfilling it
     and any compensation or penalties arising from failure to fulfil it.

     When assessing whether a contract is onerous or loss-making, the Group includes costs that relate directly to the
     contract, consisting of both the incremental costs (to specify, e.g. direct labour and materials) and an allocation of
     other costs (to specify, e.g. an allocation of the depreciation charge for an item of property, plant and equipment used
     in fulfilling that contract) that relate directly to fulfilling contracts.

     Income tax

     Income tax represents the sum of current tax and deferred tax expense. Income tax relating to items recognised
     outside profit or loss is recognised outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.

     Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the taxation
     authorities, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the
     reporting period, taking into consideration interpretations and practices prevailing in the countries in which the Group
     operates.

     Deferred tax is provided, using the liability method, on all temporary differences at the end of the reporting period
     between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes.




                                                                                                                                     101
      Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 28 February 2026




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

            Income tax (Continued)

            Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:

            •     when the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in a transaction
                  that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor
                  taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences; and

            •     in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint
                  ventures, when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable that
                  the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

            Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused tax credits
            and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will
            be available against which the deductible temporary differences, the carryforward of unused tax credits and unused tax
            losses can be utilised, except:

            •     when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary differences arises from the initial recognition of
                  an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects
                  neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible
                  temporary differences; and

            •     in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint
                  ventures, deferred tax assets are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that the temporary differences
                  will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences
                  can be utilised.

            The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent
            that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to
            be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at the end of each reporting period and are recognised
            to the extent that it has become probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred
            tax asset to be recovered.

            Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the asset is
            realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by
            the end of the reporting period.

            Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if and only if the Group has a legally enforceable right to set off
            current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities relate to income taxes
            levied by the same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or different taxable entities which intend either
            to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously,
            in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or
            recovered.




102
                                                                                   Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                            For the year ended 28 February 2026




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

     Goods and services tax

     Revenues, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of sales tax except, where the sales tax incurred
     on a purchase of assets or services is not recoverable from the taxation authority, in which case the sales tax is
     recognised as part of the cost of acquisition of the asset or as part of the expense item as applicable, and receivables
     and payables that are stated with the amount of sales tax included.

     Government grants

     Government grants are recognised at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be
     received and all attaching conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to an expense item, it is recognised
     as income on a systematic basis over the periods that the costs, which it is intended to compensate, are expensed.
     Where the grant relates to an asset, the fair value is credited to a deferred income account and is released to the
     statement of profit or loss over the expected useful life of the relevant asset by equal annual instalments or deducted
     from the carrying amount of the asset and released to the consolidated statement of profit or loss by way of a reduced
     depreciation charge.

     Revenue recognition

     Revenue from contracts with customers

     Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of goods or services is transferred to the
     customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for
     those goods or services.

     Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress towards complete
     satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:

     •    the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance as the
          Group performs;

     •    the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs; or

     •    the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an
          enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

     Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct good or service.

     When the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the amount of consideration is estimated to which
     the Group will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods or services to the customer. The variable consideration
     is estimated at contract inception and constrained until it is highly probable that a significant revenue reversal in
     the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur when the associated uncertainty with the variable
     consideration is subsequently resolved.




                                                                                                                                  103
      Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 28 February 2026




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

            Revenue recognition (Continued)

            Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

            When the contract contains a financing component which provides the customer with a significant benefit of financing
            the transfer of goods or services to the customer for more than one year, revenue is measured at the present value of
            the amount receivable, discounted using the discount rate that would be reflected in a separate financing transaction
            between the Group and the customer at contract inception. When the contract contains a financing component
            which provides the Group a significant financial benefit for more than one year, revenue recognised under the contract
            includes the interest expense accreted on the contract liability under the effective interest method. For a contract
            where the period between the payment by the customer and the transfer of the promised goods or services is one year
            or less, the transaction price is not adjusted for the effects of a significant financing component, using the practical
            expedient in IFRS 15.

            (a)   Construction services

                  Revenue from the provision of construction services is recognised over time. As soon as the outcome of a
                  construction contract can be estimated reliably, revenue from the provision of construction services is recognised
                  in profit or loss in proportion to the stage of completion, as the entity’s performance creates or enhances the
                  asset (for example, work in progress) that the customer controls as the asset is created or enhanced. Contract
                  expenses are recognised as incurred unless they create an asset related to future contract activity.

                  The stage of completion is measured by the proportion of costs incurred to date over the estimated total costs
                  of the project. The total budgeted cost used by the project is derived from budgets approved on the contract.
                  When the outcome of a construction contract cannot be estimated reliably, contract revenue is recognised
                  only to the extent of contract costs incurred that are likely to be recoverable. An expected loss on a contract is
                  recognised immediately in profit or loss. Progress billings to customers are based on a payment schedule in the
                  contract and are typically triggered upon achievement of specified construction milestones.

            Other income

            (a)   Rendering of services

                  Rendering of services relates to revenue derived from the provision of labour. Revenue is recognised when the
                  performance obligation in relation to the services is completed.

            (b)   Interest income

                  Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying the rate that
                  exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts through the expected life of the financial instrument or a
                  shorter period, when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial assets.

            (c)   Rental income

                  The Group generates rental income from the lease of its office units. Rental income is recognised on a straight-
                  line basis over the lease terms.



104
                                                                                  Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                           For the year ended 28 February 2026




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

     Contract assets

     If the Group performs by transferring services to a customer before being unconditionally entitled to the consideration
     under the contract terms, a contract asset is recognised for the earned consideration that is conditional. Contract
     assets are subject to impairment assessment, details of which are included in the accounting policies for impairment of
     financial assets. They are reclassified to trade receivables when the right to consideration becomes unconditional.

     Contract liabilities

     A contract liability is recognised when a payment is received or a payment is due (whichever is earlier) from a customer
     before the Group transfers the related services. Contract liabilities are recognised as revenue when the Group performs
     under the contract (i.e., transfers control of the related services to the customer).

     Employee benefits

     Defined contribution plan

     The Group participates in the national pension schemes as defined by the laws of the countries in which it has
     operations. In particular, the Group’s companies incorporated in Singapore make contributions to the Central Provident
     Fund scheme in Singapore, a defined contribution pension scheme. Contributions to defined contribution pension
     schemes are recognised as an expense in the period in which the contribution become payable in accordance with the
     rules of the Central Provident Fund scheme.

     Dividends

     Final dividends are recognised as a liability when they are approved by the shareholders in a general meeting.
     Proposed final dividends are disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.

     Interim dividends are simultaneously proposed and declared, because the Group’s memorandum and articles
     of association grant the directors the authority to declare interim dividends. Consequently, interim dividends are
     recognised immediately as a liability when they are proposed and declared.




                                                                                                                                 105
      Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 28 February 2026




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)

            Foreign currencies

            These consolidated financial statements are presented in Singapore dollars, which is different from the Company’s
            functional currency (i.e. HK$). The directors of the Company adopted SGD as presentation currency as the operational
            entities are located in Singapore. Each entity in the Group determines its own functional currency and items included
            in the financial statements of each entity are measured using that functional currency. Foreign currency transactions
            recorded by the entities in the Group are initially recorded using their respective functional currency rates prevailing
            at the dates of transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the
            functional currency rates of exchange ruling at the end of the year. Differences arising on settlement or translation of
            monetary items are recognised in the profit or loss.

            Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the
            exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign currency
            are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value was determined. The gain or loss arising on
            translation of a non-monetary item measured at fair value is treated in line with the recognition of the gain or loss
            on change in fair value of the item (i.e., translation difference on the item whose fair value gain or loss is recognised
            in other comprehensive income or profit or loss is also recognised in other comprehensive income or profit or loss,
            respectively). In determining the exchange rate on initial recognition of the related asset, expense or income on the
            derecognition of a non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability relating to an advance consideration, the date of
            initial transaction is the date on which the Group initially recognises the non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability
            arising from the advance consideration. If there are multiple payments or receipts in advance, the Group determines
            the transaction date for each payment or receipt of the advance consideration. The functional currencies of certain
            overseas subsidiaries are currencies other than the Singapore dollar. As at the end of the reporting period, the assets
            and liabilities of these entities are translated into Singapore dollars at the exchange rates prevailing at the end of the
            reporting period and their statements of profit or loss are translated into Singapore dollar at the weighted average
            exchange rates for the year. The resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and
            accumulated in the foreign currency translation reserve.

            Borrowing costs

            All borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

            Segment reporting

            Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the consolidated financial statements, are
            identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Group’s most senior executive management for the
            purposes of allocating resources to, and assessing the performance of, the Group’s various line of business and
            geographical locations.

            Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless the segments
            have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of products and services, the nature of
            production processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used to distribute the products or provide the
            services, and the nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments which are not individually material may be
            aggregated if they share a majority of these criteria.



106
                                                                                   Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                            For the year ended 28 February 2026




4.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES

     The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and
     assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and their accompanying
     disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result
     in outcomes that could require a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the assets or liabilities affected in the
     future.

     Estimation uncertainty

     The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting
     period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
     within the next financial year, are described below.

     (a)   Accounting for construction contracts

           The Group recognises contract revenue to the extent that it is probable that they will result in revenue and can
           be measured reliably. As soon as the outcome of a construction contract can be estimated reliably, revenue from
           contracts is recognised in the profit or loss in proportion to the stage of completion, using the input measurement
           method. In applying the stage of completion method, revenue recognised corresponds to the total contract
           revenue multiplied by the actual completion rate based on the proportion of total contract costs incurred to date
           and estimated costs to complete. When the outcome of a construction contract cannot be estimated reliably,
           contract revenue is recognised only to the extent of contract costs incurred that are likely to be recoverable. An
           expected loss on a contract is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

     (b)   Provision for onerous contract

           During the year ended 28 February 2026, the Group recognises a provision for onerous contract of
           approximately SGD2,389,000 (2025: SGD1,703,000) according to the management’s estimation of the progress
           and outcome of the project, which is established by reference to budget prepared by the Quantity Surveyor and
           the management. Therefore, it involves significant management judgement and estimation in forecasting the
           costs to complete a contract, valuing contract variations, from contracts to date and in each reporting period.
           Variation orders are included in revenue only to the extent that it is highly probable that such an inclusion will
           not result in a significant revenue reversal in the future, by considering the correspondence with customers and
           historical outcome for similar contracts. Budgeted costs are prepared by management on the basis of quotations
           from time to time provided by the major subcontractors, suppliers or vendors involved based on the requests
           and working schedules agreed with the customers. Because of the nature of the activities undertaken in the
           construction business, the Group reviews and revises the estimates of contract revenue, contract costs, variation
           orders and provision on onerous contracts to the budget prepared for each construction contract as the contract
           progresses.

           The actual outcome of the contracts in terms of its total revenue earned and costs incurred may be higher or
           lower than the estimates and this will affect the revenue recognised from contracts to date and in each reporting
           period.




                                                                                                                                  107
      Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 28 February 2026




      5.    OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION

            The Group focused primarily on the provision of structural engineering works and wet architectural works during both
            years. Information reported to the Group’s Executive director, for the purpose of resource allocation and performance
            assessment, focuses on the operating results of the Group as a whole as the Group’s resources are integrated and
            no discrete operating segment financial information is available. Accordingly, no operating segment information is
            presented.

            Information about major customers

            Revenue from each major customer which accounted for 10% or more of the Group’s revenue is set out below:

                                                                                                                  Year ended         Year ended
                                                                                                             28 February 2026   28 February 2025
                                                                                                                       S$’000            S$’000

            Customer A                                                                                                39,439             41,730
            Customer B                                                                                                   N/A*            24,732
            Customer C                                                                                                   N/A*            37,639
            Customer D                                                                                               107,054             28,790
            Customer E                                                                                                   N/A*            25,122
            Customer F                                                                                                28,684                N/A*


            *     The corresponding revenue did not contribute over 10% of the total revenue of the Group.


            Geographical information

            All of the Group’s total revenue was derived in Singapore and all of the Group’s total non-current assets were located
            in Singapore.




108
                                                                                    Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                             For the year ended 28 February 2026




6.   REVENUE

     (a)   An analysis of revenue from contracts with customers is as follows:

                                                                                         Year ended             Year ended
                                                                                    28 February 2026       28 February 2025
                                                                                              S$’000                S$’000

           Structural engineering works                                                       197,602                189,124
           Wet architectural works                                                             34,405                 17,794
           Main contracting works                                                              30,011                      –

           Total revenue from contracts with customers                                        262,018                206,918

           Timing of transfer of goods or services
             Over time                                                                        262,018                206,918


     (b)   Performance obligations

           Information about the Group’s performance obligations is summarised below:

           Construction services

           The performance obligation is satisfied over time as services are rendered and payment is generally due within
           30 days to 60 days from the date of billing. A certain percentage of payment is retained by customers until the
           end of the retention period as the Group’s entitlement to the final payment is conditional on the satisfaction of the
           service quality by the customers over a certain period as stipulated in the contracts.

           The amounts of transaction prices allocated to the remaining performance obligations (unsatisfied or partially
           unsatisfied) are as follows:

                                                                                         Year ended             Year ended
                                                                                    28 February 2026       28 February 2025
                                                                                              S$’000                S$’000

           Amounts expected to be recognised as revenue:
            Within one year                                                                   301,716                243,084
            After one year but within two years                                               250,529                 10,595

                                                                                              552,245                253,679


           The amounts disclosed above do not include variable consideration which is constrained.




                                                                                                                                   109
      Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 28 February 2026




      7.    OTHER INCOME AND GAINS, NET

                                                                                                             Year ended                  Year ended
                                                                                                        28 February 2026            28 February 2025
                                                                                                                  S$’000                     S$’000

            Foreign exchange gains/(losses), net                                                                          623                          (1)
            Government grants*                                                                                             53                         50
            Rental income                                                                                                 231                        134
            Interest income                                                                                               790                      1,080
            Fair value changes in FVTPL                                                                                    40                         68
            Gain/(loss) on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                       88                          (4)
            Others                                                                                                        134                        117

                                                                                                                        1,959                      1,444


            *     Government grants mainly relate to Enterprise Development Grant, Senior Employment Credit and SkillsFuture Enterprise Credit. There are no
                  unfulfilled conditions or contingencies relating to these grants.


      8.    FINANCE COSTS

                                                                                                             Year ended                  Year ended
                                                                                                        28 February 2026            28 February 2025
                                                                                                                  S$’000                     S$’000

            Interest on lease liabilities                                                                                   37                         10




110
                                                                                              Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                        For the year ended 28 February 2026




9.   PROFIT BEFORE TAX

     The Group’s profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                                  Year ended                 Year ended
                                                                                             28 February 2026           28 February 2025
                                                                                                       S$’000                    S$’000

     Auditors’ remuneration                                                                                  172                       177
     Construction costs (Note)                                                                           227,443                   182,210
     Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                           593                       467
     Depreciation of investment properties                                                                   132                       133
     Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                     435                       188
     (Gain)/loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                (88)                        4
     Loss allowance provision on/(reversal of provision on):
     – Contract assets                                                                                         339                       762
     – Trade receivables                                                                                      (173)                     (356)
     Employee benefit expense (including directors’ remuneration)
     – Salaries and bonuses                                                                                12,943                   11,258
     – Central Provident Fund contributions                                                                   607                      573

     Gross rental income from investment properties                                                           (231)                     (134)
     Less:
       Direct operating expenses incurred for investment properties that
         generated rental income during the year                                                                25                        24

                                                                                                              (206)                     (110)


     Note: Construction costs included sub-contracting charges, wages and rental expenses for short-term leases of approximately S$111,124,000,
           S$11,729,000 and S$3,500,000 (2025: S$89,831,000, S$12,210,000 and S$3,269,000) respectively for the year ended 28 February 2026 and
           28 February 2025.




                                                                                                                                                  111
      Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 28 February 2026




      10. DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION

            Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the Listing Rules, section 383(1)(a),
            (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about
            Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is as follows:

                                                                                             Year ended             Year ended
                                                                                        28 February 2026       28 February 2025
                                                                                                  S$’000                S$’000

            Salaries                                                                                 1,426                 1,333
            Performance related incentive payment                                                    2,000                 2,000
            Directors’ fees                                                                            624                   624
            Central Provident Fund contributions                                                        62                    60

                                                                                                     4,112                 4,017


            There were no fees or emoluments payable by the Company to the executive directors during the year (2025: Nil). The
            executive directors received remuneration from the subsidiaries now comprising the Group for their appointment as
            directors or officers of these subsidiaries. The independent non-executive directors received remuneration from the
            Company for their appointment as directors of the Company. The remuneration of each of these directors a recorded
            in the consolidated financial statements is set out below.

            (a)   Independent non-executive directors

                                                                                             Year ended             Year ended
                  Directors’ fees                                                       28 February 2026       28 February 2025
                                                                                                  S$’000                S$’000

                  Independent non-executive directors:
                    Dr Kung Wai Chiu Marco                                                              28                    28
                    Mr. Tang Chi Wang                                                                   28                    28
                    Ms. Wang Yao                                                                        28                    28

                                                                                                        84                    84




112
                                                                               Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                          For the year ended 28 February 2026




10. DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION (Continued)

   (b)   Executive directors

         Year ended 28 February 2026

                                                                       Performance        Central
                                                                             related   Provident
                                                            Director’s     incentive        Fund
                                              Salaries           fees       payment contributions                   Total
                                               S$’000          S$’000         S$’000      S$’000                   S$’000

         Executive directors:
           Mr. Xu Xuping                           713             270           1,000                 31            2,014
           Mr. Xu Tiancheng                        713             270           1,000                 31            2,014

                                                 1,426             540           2,000                 62            4,028


         Year ended 28 February 2025

                                                                          Performance              Central
                                                                                related        Provident
                                                             Director’s       incentive              Fund
                                               Salaries           fees        payment        contributions           Total
                                               S$’000          S$’000           S$’000            S$’000           S$’000

         Executive directors:
           Mr. Xu Xuping                           674             270           1,000                 30            1,974
           Mr. Xu Tiancheng                        659             270           1,000                 30            1,959

                                                 1,333             540           2,000                 60            3,933


         There was no arrangement under which a director waived or agreed to waive any remuneration during the year
         (2025: Nil). During the year, no remuneration was paid by the Group to the directors as an inducement to join or
         upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office (2025: Nil).




                                                                                                                                113
      Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 28 February 2026




      11. FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES

            The five highest paid employees during the year included two directors (2025: two), details of whose remuneration are
            set out in Note 10 above. Details of the remuneration of the remaining three non-directors (2025: three), highest paid
            employees who are neither a director nor chief executive of the Company are as follows:

                                                                                             Year ended             Year ended
                                                                                        28 February 2026       28 February 2025
                                                                                                  S$’000                S$’000

            Salaries and allowances                                                                  1,159                 1,254
            Discretionary bonuses                                                                    1,420                 1,200
            Central Provident Fund contributions                                                        94                    91

                                                                                                     2,673                 2,545


            The number of the non-director, highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within the following bands is as
            follows:

                                                                                             Year ended             Year ended
                                                                                        28 February 2026       28 February 2025

            HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000                                                                  –                     1
            HK$2,000,001 to HK$2,500,000                                                                  –                     1
            HK$2,500,001 to HK$3,000,000                                                                  2                     –
            HK$10,500,000 to HK$11,000,000                                                                1                     1


            During the years ended 28 February 2026 and 28 February 2025, no emoluments were paid by the Group to any of
            the non-director, highest paid employees as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for
            loss of office.

      12. INCOME TAX EXPENSE

            Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Cayman Islands and the British Virgin Islands, the Group is not subject to
            any income tax in the Cayman Islands and the British Virgin Islands.

            Singapore Corporate Income Tax (“CIT”) has been provided at the rate of 17% (2025: 17%) on the estimated assessable
            profits arising in Singapore during the year.

            Hong Kong Profits Tax is calculated at the rate of 16.5% (2025: 16.5%). No provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax has
            been made as the Group had no estimated assessable profits arising in Hong Kong for the years.




114
                                                                                      Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                               For the year ended 28 February 2026




12. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Continued)

                                                                                          Year ended               Year ended
                                                                                     28 February 2026         28 February 2025
                                                                                               S$’000                  S$’000

    Current – Singapore CIT
      Charge for the year                                                                          3,139                   1,816
      Under/(over)-provision in respect of prior years                                               611                      (42)
    Deferred tax (Note 29)
      Current year                                                                                     10                     19

    Total tax charge for the year                                                                  3,760                   1,793


    A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to profit before tax at the statutory rates for the countries (or jurisdictions)
    in which the Company and the majority of its subsidiaries are domiciled to the tax expense at the effective tax rates,
    and a reconciliation of the applicable rates (i.e. the statutory tax rates) to the effective tax rates, are as follows:

                                                                                          Year ended               Year ended
                                                                                     28 February 2026         28 February 2025
                                                                                               S$’000                  S$’000

    Profit before tax                                                                             18,166                   9,559

    Tax at domestic rates applicable to profits
      in the countries where the Group operates                                                    3,088                   1,625
    Adjustments:
      Non-deductible expenses                                                                         393                    231
      Non-taxable income                                                                             (145)                    (87)
      Effect of tax exemption                                                                        (187)                    (35)
      Tax losses not recognised                                                                         –                    101
      Over-provision in respect of prior years                                                        611                     (42)

                                                                                                   3,760                   1,793


    Tax exemption for the Year of Assessment of 2026 and 2025 is computed based on 75% of the chargeable income
    cap at S$10,000 and the next 50% of the chargeable income cap at S$190,000.

13. DIVIDENDS

    The directors of the Company do not declare or propose any payment of a dividend for the years ended 28 February
    2026 and 28 February 2025.




                                                                                                                                      115
      Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 28 February 2026




      14. EARNINGS PER SHARE

            Basic earnings per share is calculated as profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company divided by the
            weighted average number of ordinary shares issued during the year. The data used for the calculation is as follows:

                                                                                                Year ended            Year ended
                                                                                           28 February 2026      28 February 2025

            Profit for the year, attributable to owners of the Company used in the
              computation of basic and diluted earnings per share (S$’000)                            14,406                   7,766

            Number of shares (’000)
            Weighted average number of ordinary shares for basic earnings per share
              computation                                                                           1,400,000               1,400,000


            No diluted earnings per share were presented as the Group had no potentially dilutive ordinary shares in issue during
            the years ended 28 February 2026 and 28 February 2025.

      15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

            As at 28 February 2026

                                                                            Furniture
                                                      Office                      and     Office       Motor
                                                       units Computers       fixtures equipment      vehicles Renovation        Total
                                                      S$’000    S$’000        S$’000      S$’000      S$’000      S$’000       S$’000

            At 1 March 2025:
               Cost                                    1,837         279              9      353        2,859         96         5,433
               Accumulated depreciation                 (306)       (128)            (5)    (280)      (1,857)       (96)       (2,672)

            Net carrying amount                        1,531        151              4        73       1,002           –        2,761

            At 1 March 2025, net of accumulated
              depreciation                             1,531        151            4          73       1,002          –         2,761
              Additions                                    –          2           52         281         507        685         1,527
              Depreciation provided during the year      (33)       (59)          (6)        (95)       (366)       (34)         (593)
              Disposal and written off                     –          –           (1)          –        (111)         –          (112)

            At 28 February 2026, net of accumulated
              depreciation                             1,498         94           49         259       1,032        651         3,583

            At 28 February 2026:
              Cost                                     1,837         281          59         626        2,574        781         6,158
              Accumulated depreciation                  (339)       (187)        (10)       (367)      (1,542)      (130)       (2,575)

            Net carrying amount                        1,498         94           49         259       1,032        651         3,583




116
                                                                                          Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      For the year ended 28 February 2026




15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

   As at 28 February 2025

                                                                         Furniture
                                              Office                          and         Office          Motor
                                               units    Computers         fixtures    equipment         vehicles   Renovation      Total
                                             S$’000        S$’000         S$’000         S$’000          S$’000       S$’000     S$’000

   At 1 March 2024:
      Cost                                    1,837           116                9          366           2,708            96      5,132
      Accumulated depreciation                 (273)         (109)              (4)        (241)         (1,513)          (96)    (2,236)

   Net carrying amount                        1,564             7                5          125           1,195             –     2,896

   At 1 March 2024, net of accumulated
     depreciation                             1,564              7               5          125           1,195             –     2,896
     Additions                                     –         169                 –            21            150             –       340
     Depreciation provided during the year       (33)         (23)              (1)          (67)          (343)            –      (467)
     Disposal and written off                      –            (2)              –             (6)            –             –         (8)

   At 28 February 2025, net of accumulated
     depreciation                             1,531          151                 4           73           1,002             –     2,761

   At 28 February 2025:
     Cost                                     1,837           279                9          353           2,859            96      5,433
     Accumulated depreciation                  (306)         (128)              (5)        (280)         (1,857)          (96)    (2,672)

   Net carrying amount                        1,531          151                 4           73           1,002             –     2,761


   The office units held by the Group are as follows:

                                                                                                     Remaining useful lives
                                                                      Existing                      As at                         As at
   Description and location                                           use                28 February 2026             28 February 2025
                                                                                                    Years                        Years

   21 Woodlands Close #08-10 Primz Bizhub                             Office                                  45                     46

   21 Woodlands Close #08-11 Primz Bizhub                             Office                                  45                     46

   21 Woodlands Close #08-12 Primz Bizhub                             Office                                  45                     46

   21 Woodlands Close #08-29 Primz Bizhub                             Warehouse                               45                     46




                                                                                                                                            117
      Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 28 February 2026




      16. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

                                                                                                    As at                  As at
                                                                                         28 February 2026      28 February 2025
                                                                                                   S$’000               S$’000

            At the beginning of the year                                                             4,200                4,333
            Depreciation provided during the year                                                     (132)                (133)

            At the end of the year                                                                   4,068                4,200


            The investment properties held by the Group are as follows:

                                                                                           Remaining unexpired lease term
                                                                          Existing                  As at                  As at
            Description and location                                      use            28 February 2026      28 February 2025
                                                                                                    Years                 Years

            25 Mandai Estate #06-09                                       Office/Shop                     *                    *

            98 Kaki Bukit Industrial Terrace                              Industrial                    29                   30


            *     Tenure – Freehold


                                                                                        Estimated fair value at level 3 hierarchy
                                                                                                    As at                  As at
            Description and location                                                     28 February 2026      28 February 2025
                                                                                                   S$’000               S$’000

            25 Mandai Estate #06-09*                                                                 1,000                1,000

            98 Kaki Bukit Industrial Terrace                                                         4,100                3,900


            *     Tenure – Freehold




118
                                                                                   Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                            For the year ended 28 February 2026




16. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

    Valuation of investment properties

    The Group’s investment properties are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment.
    The fair value of the investment properties as at the end of financial period are disclosed above. The valuations
    were performed by an independent valuer with a recognised and relevant professional qualifications and with recent
    experience in the location and category of the properties valued.

    The fair values of the investment properties are determined using the comparison method by making references to
    comparable sale evidence as available in the relevant market. Comparable properties of similar size, character and
    location are analysed and selected for each investment property in order to arrive at a fair comparison of their fair
    values. The fair value measurement is positively correlated to the market unit sale rate. There has been no change from
    the valuation technique used in the prior year. In estimating the fair value of the properties, the highest and best use of
    the properties is their current use.

    The carrying amounts and fair values of the investment properties, other than those with carrying amounts that
    reasonably approximate to fair values, are as follows:

                                                        As at 28 February 2026                 As at 28 February 2025
                                                         Carrying              Fair             Carrying               Fair
                                                         amounts            values              amounts             values
                                                           S$’000           S$’000                S$’000           S$’000

    Non-financial assets
    Investment properties                                       4,068            5,100              4,200              4,900


    Non-financial assets for which fair values are disclosed:

                                                                Fair value measurement using

                                                    Quoted prices         Significant       Significant
                                                         in active        observable      unobservable
                                                         markets              inputs            inputs
                                                         (Level 1)          (Level 2)         (Level 3)               Total
                                                           S$’000             S$’000            S$’000               S$’000

    As at 28 February 2026
    Investment properties                                           –                 –             5,100              5,100

    As at 28 February 2025
    Investment properties                                           –                 –             4,900              4,900


    The fair values of investment properties have been valued by using the direct comparison approach, assuming sale of
    the properties by making reference to comparable sales transactions as available in the relevant market.

    During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no transfers into
    or out of Level 3.

                                                                                                                                  119
      Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 28 February 2026




      17. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

                                                                   Leasehold land                 Motor
                                                                    and buildings               vehicles                Total
                                                                          S$’000                 S$’000                S$’000

            As at 28 February 2026
            Carrying amount                                                  2,798                    29                2,827

            As at 28 February 2025
            Carrying amount                                                    190                    88                  278

            For the year ended 28 February 2026
            Depreciation charge                                                376                    59                  435

            For the year ended 28 February 2025
            Depreciation charge                                                129                    59                  188


            The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than security interests in the leased assets that are held by
            the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.

                                                                                           Year ended             Year ended
                                                                                      28 February 2026       28 February 2025
                                                                                                S$’000                S$’000

            Expenses relating to short-term leases                                                 3,500                3,269
            Total cash outflow for leases:
              Under financing activities                                                             426                  165
              Under operating activities                                                           3,500                3,369
            Addition to right-of-use assets                                                        2,984                  180




120
                                                                             Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     For the year ended 28 February 2026




18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                                                  Club Membership
                                                                                                                 2026
                                                                                                               S$’000

   Cost
   At 1 March 2025                                                                                                   –
   Additions                                                                                                       372

   At 28 February 2026                                                                                             372

   Amortisation
   At 1 March 2025                                                                                                    –
   Charged for the year                                                                                              (3)

   At 28 February 2026                                                                                               (3)

   Carrying values
   At 28 February 2026                                                                                             369


   The Group holds nominated memberships of certain Golf Club (“Club Membership”) which is assessed as having an
   approximately 15 years useful life as the management considered the Group has the contractual right to control over
   the asset and legal rights with a period. The Club Membership is carried at cost less accumulated impairment.

19. CONTRACT ASSETS/LIABILITIES

   (a)   Contract assets

                                                                                       As at                    As at
                                                                            28 February 2026        28 February 2025
                                                                                      S$’000                 S$’000

         Unbilled revenue (note (a))                                                    27,877                 20,817
         Retention receivables (note (b))                                               29,574                 22,228

                                                                                        57,451                 43,045
         Less: Loss allowance provision                                                 (2,476)                 (2,137)

                                                                                        54,975                 40,908

         Represented by:
         Contract assets
         – Non-current                                                                  24,032                 18,323
         – Current                                                                      30,943                 22,585

                                                                                        54,975                 40,908




                                                                                                                            121
      Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 28 February 2026




      19. CONTRACT ASSETS/LIABILITIES (Continued)

            (a)   Contract assets (Continued)

                  Notes:

                  (a)      Unbilled revenue is initially recognised for revenue earned from the provision of construction work as the receipt of consideration is
                           conditional on successful completion of construction. Upon completion of construction and acceptance by the customer, the amounts
                           recognised as unbilled revenue are reclassified to trade receivables.

                  (b)      Retention receivables included in contract assets represents the Group’s right to consideration for work performed and not yet billed
                           because the rights are conditional on the satisfaction of the service quality by the customers over the maintenance period as stipulated in
                           the contracts. The contract assets are transferred to the trade receivables when the rights become unconditional, which is typically after
                           the expiry date of the maintenance period.


                  As at 1 March 2024, contract assets amounted to approximately S$31,586,000. Details of the impairment
                  assessment of contract assets are set out in Note 37.

            (b)   Contract liabilities

                                                                                                                         As at                          As at
                                                                                                              28 February 2026              28 February 2025
                                                                                                                        S$’000                       S$’000

                  Construction contracts                                                                                      38,218                        7,086


                  As at 1 March 2024, contract liabilities amounted to approximately S$5,704,000.

                  The revenue recognised related to the carried-forward contract liabilities are as follows:

                                                                                                                         As at                          As at
                                                                                                              28 February 2026              28 February 2025
                                                                                                                        S$’000                       S$’000

                  Revenue recognised in the year from the amounts included in the
                    contract liabilities at the beginning of the year                                                          7,086                        5,704


                  Typical payment terms which impact on the amount of contract liabilities recognised are as follows:

                  Construction contracts

                  In recognising the construction revenue, the Group adjusts the amount of payment received for the effect of
                  the time value of money of the goods and services transferred to the customers. In certain circumstances,
                  the adjustment will result the amount of payment received in excess of the revenue recognised to date. Such
                  difference will be recorded as contract liabilities.




122
                                                                                   Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                           For the year ended 28 February 2026




20. INVENTORIES

                                                                                          As at                       As at
                                                                               28 February 2026           28 February 2025
                                                                                         S$’000                    S$’000

   Construction materials, at cost                                                                457                    549


21. TRADE RECEIVABLES

                                                                                          As at                       As at
                                                                               28 February 2026           28 February 2025
                                                                                         S$’000                    S$’000

   Trade receivables                                                                          16,930                 26,259
   Less: Loss allowance provision                                                               (337)                  (510)

                                                                                              16,593                 25,749


   The credit period is generally one month, extending up to two months for major customers.

   An ageing analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date and net of
   loss allowance, is as follows:

                                                                                          As at                       As at
                                                                               28 February 2026           28 February 2025
                                                                                         S$’000                    S$’000

   Within 1 month                                                                             15,662                 24,519
   1 to 2 months                                                                                 584                    748
   2 to 3 months                                                                                 242                    407
   Over 3 months                                                                                 105                     75

                                                                                              16,593                 25,749


   Details of impairment assessment of trade receivables are set out in Note 37.




                                                                                                                                  123
      Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 28 February 2026




      22. PREPAYMENTS, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND DEPOSITS

                                                                                                        As at                    As at
                                                                                             28 February 2026        28 February 2025
                                                                                                       S$’000                 S$’000

            Other receivables                                                                                14                      16
            Interest receivables                                                                            228                     204
            Deposits                                                                                      3,930                   2,373
            Prepayments                                                                                     855                   1,764

                                                                                                          5,027                   4,357


            The financial assets included in the above balances relate to receivables for which there was no recent history of
            default and past due amounts. As at 28 February 2026 and 28 February 2025, the loss allowance was assessed to be
            minimal.

      23. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                                        As at                    As at
                                                                                             28 February 2026        28 February 2025
                                                                                                       S$’000                 S$’000

            Investment in money market fund                                                               2,638                   2,098


            The above unlisted investments were wealth management products issued by banks in Singapore. They were
            mandatorily classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss as their contractual cash flows are not solely
            payments of principal and interest.

      24. AMOUNTS DUE FROM RELATED PARTIES

            Amounts due from related parties

                                                                                                        As at                    As at
                                                                                             28 February 2026        28 February 2025
                                                                                                       S$’000                 S$’000

            Amount due from the ultimate holding company                                                    152                     158


            The amount was non-trade in nature, unsecured, interest-free and has no fixed term of repayment.




124
                                                                                                Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                           For the year ended 28 February 2026




25. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS/TIME DEPOSITS WITH ORIGINAL MATURITY OVER THREE
    MONTHS

   The cash and cash equivalents carry interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. The time deposits
   carried market interest rate of 1.10%–2.45% (2025: 2.48%–3.10%) per annum with original maturity over three months
   but not exceeding one year.

   As at 28 February 2026 and 2025, the Group did not have bank deposits pledged as security in respect of
   performance bond for the due and proper performance obligations undertaken by the Group’s subsidiary for projects
   in its ordinary course of business. The performance bonds are expected to be released in accordance with the terms
   of the respective construction contracts.

26. TRADE PAYABLES

   An ageing analysis of the trade payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date, is as follows:

                                                                                                           As at                        As at
                                                                                                28 February 2026            28 February 2025
                                                                                                          S$’000                     S$’000

   Within 1 month                                                                                             37,166                     33,231
   1 to 2 months                                                                                               7,196                      8,118
   2 to 3 months                                                                                               3,870                      4,688
   Over 3 months                                                                                                 711                      1,212

                                                                                                              48,943                     47,249


   The trade payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled on 30 to 60 days terms.

27. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS

                                                                                                           As at                        As at
                                                                                                28 February 2026            28 February 2025
                                                                                                          S$’000                     S$’000

   Other payables and accruals                                                                                  2,177                      2,640
   Accrued staff costs                                                                                          5,950                      3,844
   Deposits received                                                                                               47                         22
   Provision for onerous contract (note)                                                                        2,389                      1,703
   Net Good and Services Tax (“GST”) payables                                                                   1,791                      2,369

                                                                                                              12,354                     10,578


   Note: The provision for onerous contracts relates to certain contracts with customers under which the unavoidable costs of meeting the obligation
         exceed the economic benefits to be received due to anticipated increase in certain production costs.


   Other payables are non-interest-bearing and are repayable on demand.




                                                                                                                                                       125
      Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 28 February 2026




      28. LEASE LIABILITIES

            As at 28 February 2026, the Group leases various motor vehicles and leasehold land and buildings for a period of time
            through lease arrangements with lease terms ranging from 2 years to 5 years. These liabilities were measured at the
            net present value of the lease payments during the lease terms that are not yet paid.

            The interest rates is 5.25% (2025: 5.25%) per annum.

            The total future minimum lease payments under lease arrangements and their present value were as follows:

                                                                                          Present value of      Present value of
                                                   Minimum lease       Minimum lease       minimum lease         minimum lease
                                                   payments as at      payments as at      payments as at        payments as at
                                                 28 February 2026    28 February 2025    28 February 2026      28 February 2025
                                                           S$’000             S$’000               S$’000               S$’000

            Within 1 year                                   1,630                145                1,518                   136
            After 1 year but not exceeding
               2 years                                      1,340                 92                1,307                    90
            After 2 years but not exceeding
               5 years                                          8                 12                     7                   11

                                                            2,978                249                2,832                   237
            Less: Total future interest
                   expenses                                  (146)                (12)

            Present value of lease liabilities              2,832                237

            Less: Amount due for settlement
                   within one year                                                                  (1,518)                (136)

            Amount due for settlement after
              one year                                                                              1,314                   101




126
                                                                                Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         For the year ended 28 February 2026




29. DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES

   The movements in deferred tax liabilities during the year are as follows:

                                                                                           As at                   As at
   Depreciation allowance                                                       28 February 2026       28 February 2025
                                                                                          S$’000                S$’000

   At the beginning of the year                                                                 86                     67
   Charge to profit or loss during the year (Note 12)                                           10                     19

   At the end of the year                                                                       96                     86


   At the end of the reporting period, the Group has unused tax losses of approximately $5,262,000 (2025: S$5,262,000)
   available for offset against future profits. No deferred tax asset has been recognised due to unpredictability of future
   profit streams. The unused tax losses may be carried forward indefinitely.

30. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                                        Number of
                                                                                    shares in issue               S$’000

   Ordinary shares of US$0.0001
   Authorised:
   At 1 March 2024, 28 February 2025, 1 March 2025 and
     28 February 2026                                                               5,000,000,000                     678

   Issued and fully paid:
   At 1 March 2024, 28 February 2025, 1 March 2025 and
      28 February 2026                                                              1,400,000,000                     190


   The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as and when declared by the Company. All ordinary
   shares carry one vote per share without restrictions.




                                                                                                                               127
      Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 28 February 2026




      31. RESERVES

            Group

            The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein for the years ended 28 February 2026 and 28
            February 2025 are presented in the consolidated statement of changes in equity.

            Share premium

            Share premium represents the difference between the nominal value and the issuing value of the shares.

            Foreign currency translation reserve

            The foreign currency translation reserve is used to record exchange differences arising from the translation of
            the financial statements of foreign operations whose functional currencies are different from that of the Group’s
            presentation currency.

            Merger reserve

            Merger reserve represents the aggregate of the paid up share capital of the subsidiaries now comprising the Group
            attributable to the controlling shareholders prior to the reorganisation in relation to the Listing.

            Movement in the Company’s reserves

                                                                                  Foreign
                                                                                 currency
                                                                  Share        translation    Accumulated
                                                               Premium            reserve          losses             Total
                                                                 S$’000            S$’000          S$’000            S$’000

            At 1 March 2024                                       17,739              (285)           (7,596)         9,858
            Loss for the year                                          –                 –              (591)          (591)
            Other comprehensive income for the year                    –                89                 –             89

            Total comprehensive expense for the year                   –                89              (591)          (502)

            At 28 February 2025 and 1 March 2025                  17,739              (196)           (8,187)         9,356
            Profit for the year                                        –                 –               196            196
            Other comprehensive expense for the year                   –              (661)                –           (661)

            Total comprehensive expense for the year                   –              (661)              196           (465)

            At 28 February 2026                                   17,739              (857)           (7,991)         8,891




128
                                                                                  Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                           For the year ended 28 February 2026




32. RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES

    The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash and
    non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or future cash flows
    will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities.

                                                                                                          Lease liabilities
                                                                                                                   S$’000
                                                                                                                 (Note 28)

    At 1 March 2024                                                                                                     245
    Financing cash flows                                                                                               (165)
    Interest expenses                                                                                                     10
    New lease entered                                                                                                   180
    Early termination of lease                                                                                           (33)

    At 28 February 2025 and 1 March 2025                                                                                237
    Financing cash flows                                                                                               (426)
    Interest expenses                                                                                                    37
    New lease entered                                                                                                 2,984

    At 28 February 2026                                                                                               2,832


33. OPERATING LEASE ARRANGEMENTS

    As lessor

    The Group has entered into leases on its investment properties. These non-cancellable leases have remaining lease
    terms ranging within one year (2025: two years).

    Future minimum rental receivables under non-cancellable operating leases are as follows:

                                                                                            As at                    As at
                                                                                 28 February 2026        28 February 2025
                                                                                           S$’000                 S$’000

    Within one year                                                                              362                    104
    In the second year                                                                           244                      –

                                                                                                 606                    104




                                                                                                                                 129
      Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 28 February 2026




      34. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

            Saved as disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements, the Group had no other transaction nor
            balance with related parties during the year ended 28 February 2026 and 28 February 2025.

            Compensation of key management personnel of the Group

                                                                                              Year ended            Year ended
                                                                                         28 February 2026      28 February 2025
                                                                                                   S$’000               S$’000

            Salaries                                                                                   1,426             1,333
            Directors’ fee                                                                               540               540
            Performance related incentive payment                                                      2,000             2,000
            Central Provident Fund contributions                                                          62                60

                                                                                                       4,028             3,933


            Further details of the directors’ emoluments and discretionary performance related bonuses are disclosed in Note 10
            to the consolidated financial statements.

      35. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

            The carrying amounts of the financial instruments as at the end of the years are as follows:

                                                                                              Year ended            Year ended
                                                                                         28 February 2026      28 February 2025
                                                                                                   S$’000               S$’000

            Financial assets
            Financial assets at amortised cost
            Trade receivables                                                                         16,593            25,749
            Contract assets                                                                           54,975            40,908
            Other receivables and deposits                                                             4,172             2,593
            Amounts due from related parties                                                             152               158
            Time deposits with original maturity over three months                                    57,000            16,125
            Cash and cash equivalents                                                                 31,882            30,071
            Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
            Investment in money market fund                                                            2,638             2,098

                                                                                                    167,412            117,702

            Financial liabilities
            Financial liabilities at amortised cost
            Trade payables                                                                            48,943            47,249
            Other payables and accruals                                                                9,965             8,875
            Lease liabilities                                                                          2,832               237

                                                                                                      61,740            56,361




130
                                                                                  Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                          For the year ended 28 February 2026




36. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY

   Financial assets for which fair values are disclosed:

   As at 28 February 2026

                                                             Fair value measurement using

                                                   Quoted prices         Significant       Significant
                                                        in active        observable      unobservable
                                                        markets              inputs            inputs
                                                        (Level 1)          (Level 2)         (Level 3)               Total
                                                          S$’000             S$’000            S$’000               S$’000

   Investment in money market fund                           2,638                  –                  –              2,638


   As at 28 February 2025

                                                              Fair value measurement using

                                                     Quoted prices         Significant       Significant
                                                          in active       observable      unobservable
                                                          markets              inputs            inputs
                                                          (Level 1)          (Level 2)         (Level 3)              Total
                                                           S$’000             S$’000            S$’000              S$’000

   Investment in money market fund                           2,098                  –                  –              2,098


   Management has assessed that the financial assets and financial liabilities approximate to their carrying amounts.

   During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no transfers into
   or out of Level 3.

37. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES

   The Group’s principal financial instruments comprise cash and cash equivalents and time deposits. The Group has
   other various financial assets and liabilities such as trade receivables and trade payables, which arise directly from its
   operations.

   The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are credit risk and liquidity risk. The board of directors
   reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these risks and they are summarised below.




                                                                                                                                 131
      Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 28 February 2026




      37. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

            Credit risk

            The Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties. It is the Group’s policy that all customers
            who wish to trade on credit terms are subject to credit verification procedures. In addition, receivable balances are
            monitored on an ongoing basis and the Group’s exposure to bad debts is not significant.

            The credit risk of the Group’s other financial assets, which comprise cash and cash equivalents, other receivables and
            deposits and amounts due from related parties, arises from default of the counterparty, with a maximum exposure
            equal to the carrying amount of these instruments.

            Bank balances and time deposits

            Credit risk on bank balances and time deposits is limited because the counterparties are reputable banks with high
            credit ratings assigned by credit agencies. The Group assessed 12-month ECL for bank balances by reference to
            information relating to probability of default and loss given default of the respective credit rating grades published by
            external credit rating agencies. Based on the average loss rates, the 12-month ECL is considered to be insignificant
            and therefore no loss allowance was recognised.

            Other receivables, deposits and amounts due from related parties

            For other receivables, deposits and amounts due from related parties, the management makes periodic individual
            assessment on the recoverability of other receivables, deposits and amounts due from related parties based on
            historical settlement records, past experience, and also quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and
            supportive forward-looking information. The management believes that there are no material credit risk inherent in the
            Group’s outstanding balance of other receivables, deposits and amounts due from related parties and therefore no
            loss allowance was recognised.

            Trade receivables and contract assets

            Each customer has a maximum credit limit. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables
            and has a credit control department to minimise credit risk. Overdue balances are reviewed regularly by management.
            In view of the aforementioned and the fact that the Group has concentration of credit risk as 18.4% (2025: 36.6%) and
            68.8% (2025: 78.3%) of total trade receivable and contract assets were due from the Group’s largest customer and
            the five largest customer respectively. The Group does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements over its
            trade receivable balances.

            As part of the Group’s credit risk management, the Group uses debtors’ aging to assess the impairment for its
            customers because these customers are with common risk characteristics that represent the customers’ abilities to
            pay all amounts due in accordance with the contractual terms. The following table provides information about the
            exposure to credit risk for trade receivables and contract assets which are assessed on a collective basis by using
            provision matrix within lifetime ECL (not credit-impaired). Trade receivables and contract assets that are credit-impaired
            with gross carrying amount of approximately S$53,000 and S$1,896,000 as at 28 February 2026 (28 February 2025:
            S$53,000 and S$1,896,000) were assessed individually.




132
                                                                                Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        For the year ended 28 February 2026




37. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

   Trade receivables and contract assets (Continued)

   The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognised for trade receivables under the
   simplified approach.

                                                              Lifetime ECL          Lifetime ECL
                                                                (not credit-              (credit-
                                                                  Impaired)             impaired)                  Total
                                                                     S$’000                S$’000                 S$’000

   As at 1 March 2024                                                    813                    53                    866
   Reversal of impairment loss recognised                               (356)                    –                   (356)

   At 28 February 2025 and 1 March 2025                                  457                    53                    510
   Reversal of impairment loss recognised                               (173)                    –                   (173)

   At 28 February 2026                                                  284                     53                    337


   The following tables show reconciliation of loss allowances that has been recognised for contract assets.

                                                              Lifetime ECL          Lifetime ECL
                                                                (not credit-              (credit-
                                                                  impaired)             impaired)                  Total
                                                                     S$’000                S$’000                 S$’000

   As at 1 March 2024                                                    88                  1,287                  1,375
   Impairment loss recognised                                           153                    609                    762

   At 28 February 2025 and 1 March 2025                                 241                  1,896                  2,137
   Impairment loss recognised                                           339                      –                    339

   At 28 February 2026                                                  580                  1,896                  2,476


   As part of the Group’s credit risk management, the Group uses debtors’ aging to assess the impairment for its
   customers in relation to its operation because these customers consist of a large number of small customers with
   common risk characteristics that are representative of the customers’ abilities to pay all amounts due in accordance
   with the contractual terms. The following table provides information about the exposure to credit risk for trade
   receivables and contract assets which are assessed on a collective basis by using provision matrix within lifetime ECL
   (not credit-impaired).




                                                                                                                               133
      Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 28 February 2026




      37. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

            Gross carrying amount – Trade receivables

                                                                As at 28 February 2026                 As at 28 February 2025

                                                                   Average             Trade             Average               Trade
                                                                  loss rate      receivables            loss rate        receivables
                                                                                      S$’000                                 S$’000

            Current (not past due)                                  1.05%              16,416             0.59%              24,748
            Within 1 month                                          3.02%                 239             1.94%                 771
            1 to 2 months                                          16.55%                 141            21.56%                 398
            2 to 3 months                                          44.72%                   –            45.33%                 145
            Over 3 months                                           100%                   81           100.00%                 144

                                                                                       16,877                                26,206


            Gross carrying amount – Contract assets

                                                                As at 28 February 2026                 As at 28 February 2025

                                                                   Average          Contract             Average           Contract
                                                                  loss rate           assets            loss rate            assets
                                                                                     S$’000                                 S$’000

            Current (not past due)                                  1.05%              55,555             0.59%              41,149


            The estimated loss rates are estimated based on historical observed default rates over the expected life of the debtors
            and are adjusted for forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort. The grouping is regularly
            reviewed by management to ensure relevant information about specific debtors is updated.




134
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         For the year ended 28 February 2026




37. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

   Liquidity risk

   The Group monitors its risk to a shortage of funds using a recurring liquidity planning tool. This tool considers the
   maturity of both its financial instruments and financial assets and projected cash flows from operations. The Group’s
   objective is to maintain a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of funds generated from
   operations.

   The maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities as at the end of the years, based on the contractual undiscounted
   payments, is as follows:

                                                                          More than       More than
                                             Weighted     On demand          one year      two years                      Total
                                               average      or within   but less than   but less than   More than undiscounted      Carrying
                                          interest rate     one year       two years       five years   five years    cash flow      amount
                                                     %        S$’000           S$’000          S$’000       S$’000       S$’000       S$’000

   As at 28 February 2026
   Non-derivative financial liabilities
   Trade payables                                    –        48,943               –               –            –        48,943       48,943
   Other payables and accruals                       –         9,965               –               –            –         9,965        9,965
   Lease liabilities                              5.25         1,630           1,340               8            –         2,978        2,832

                                                              60,538           1,340               8            –        61,886       61,740

   As at 28 February 2025
   Non-derivative financial liabilities
   Trade payables                                    –        47,249               –               –            –        47,249       47,249
   Other payables and accruals                       –         8,875               –               –            –         8,875        8,875
   Lease liabilities                              5.25           145              92              12            –           249          237

                                                              56,269              92              12            –        56,373       56,361




                                                                                                                                                135
      Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 28 February 2026




      37. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

            Capital management

            The primary objectives of the Group’s capital management are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going
            concern and to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to support its business and maximise shareholders’ value.

            The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic conditions and
            the risk characteristics of the underlying assets. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the
            dividend payment to shareholders, return capital to shareholders or issue new shares. No changes were made in the
            objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the years ended 28 February 2026 and 28 February
            2025.

            The Group monitors capital using a gearing ratio, which is net debt divided by the capital plus net debt. Net debt
            includes trade payables, other payables and accruals, amounts due to related parties and lease liabilities, less cash and
            cash equivalents and time deposits with original maturity over three months. Capital represents the equity attributable
            to owners of the Company. The gearing ratios as at the end of the years were as follows:

                                                                                                     As at                    As at
                                                                                          28 February 2026        28 February 2025
                                                                                                    S$’000                 S$’000

            Lease liabilities                                                                          2,832                    237
            Less: time deposits with original maturity over three months                             (57,000)               (16,125)
            Less: cash and cash equivalents                                                          (31,882)               (30,071)

            Net cash                                                                                 (86,050)               (45,959)
            Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                              73,946                 60,201

            Gearing ratio                                                                                N/A                    N/A


      38. RETIREMENT BENEFITS PLANS

            The Group operates a Central Provident Fund Scheme (the “CPF Scheme”) under the Central Provident Fund
            Act (Chapter 36 of the Laws of Singapore) for employees employed under the jurisdiction of the Employment Act
            (Chapter 91 of the Laws of Singapore). The CPF Scheme is a defined contribution retirement plan administered by an
            independent trustee. Under the CPF Scheme, the employer and its employees are each required to make contributions
            to the CPF Scheme at generally 17% and 20% of the employees’ relevant income, subject to a cap of monthly
            relevant income of generally S$6,800. There are different CPF rates applied to the senior workers aged 55 and above.
            Contributions to the CPF Scheme vest immediately. During the years 2026 and 2025, the Group had no forfeited
            contributions under the CPF and the retirement benefits scheme utilised to reduce the existing levels of contributions. As
            at 28 February 2026 and 28 February 2025, there was no forfeited contribution under the CPF and Retirement Benefit
            Scheme which may be used by the Group to reduce the contribution payable in the future years.




136
                                                                                  Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                           For the year ended 28 February 2026




39. SHARE OPTION SCHEME

   The principal terms of the Share Option Scheme conditionally adopted under the written resolutions of the sole
   shareholder passed on 22 November 2019 (the “Share Option Scheme”) are set out below:

   Purpose

   The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to enable the Company to grant options to the eligible participants as
   incentives or rewards for their contribution to the Group and/or to enable the Group to recruit and retain high-calibre
   employees and attract human resources that are valuable to the Group or any entity in which any member of the
   Group holds any equity interest (the “Invested Entity”).

   Eligible Participants

   The directors shall, subject to and in accordance with the provisions of the Share Option Scheme and the Listing
   Rules, grant options to:

   (i)     any employee (whether full-time or part-time, including the directors (including any non-executive director
           and independent non-executive director)) of the Company, any of its subsidiaries (within the meaning of the
           Companies Ordinance) or any Invested Entity (an “eligible employee”);

   (ii)    any supplier of goods or services to any member of the Group or any Invested Entity;

   (iii)   any customer of any member of the Group or any Invested Entity;

   (iv)    any person or entity that provides research, development or other technological support to any member of the
           Group or any Invested Entity;

   (v)     any shareholder of any member of the Group or any Invested Entity or any holder of any securities issued by any
           member of the Group or any Invested Entity;

   (vi)    any adviser (professional or otherwise), consultant, individual or equity who in the opinion of the directors has
           contributed or will contribute to the growth and development of the Group; and

   (vii)   any other groups or classes of participants who have contributed or may contribute by way of joint venture,
           business alliance or other business arrangement to the development and growth of the Group,

   and, for the purpose of the Share Option Scheme, the offer for the grant of an option may be made to any company
   wholly owned by one or more eligible participants. For the avoidance of doubt, the grant of any options by the
   Company for the subscription of shares or other securities of the Group to any person who falls within any of the above
   classes of eligible participants shall not, by itself, unless the directors otherwise determine, be construed as a grant of
   option under the Share Option Scheme.

   The eligibility of any of the eligible participants to an offer under the Share Option Scheme shall be determined by the
   directors from time to time on the basis of the directors’ opinion as to such eligible participant’s contribution to the
   development and growth of the Group.



                                                                                                                                 137
      Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 28 February 2026




      39. SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)

            Total Number of Shares

            Available for issue a maximum of being 10% of the total number of shares in issue may be issued upon exercise of all
            options to be granted under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Group.

            Maximum Entitlement of Each Eligible Participant

            The total number of shares issued and which may fall to be issued upon exercise of the options granted under the
            Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Group (including both exercised or outstanding
            options) to each eligible participant who accepts the offer for the grant of an option under the Share Option Scheme (a
            “grantee”) in any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the issued share capital of the Company for the time being.

            Where any further grant of options under the Share Option Scheme to a grantee would result in the shares issued and
            to be issued upon exercise of all options granted and proposed to be granted to such person (including exercised,
            cancelled and outstanding options) under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the
            Group in the 12-month period up to and including the date of such further grant representing in aggregate over 1% of
            the share capital of the Company in issue, such further grant shall be separately approved by the shareholders of the
            Company in general meeting with such grantee and his close associates (or his associates if the eligible participant is a
            connected person) abstaining from voting.

            Option Period

            An option may be exercised in accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme at any time during a period to
            be determined and notified by the Directors to the grantee thereof, and in the absence of such determination, from
            the date of acceptance of the offer of such option to the earlier of (i) the date on which such option lapses under the
            relevant provisions of the Share Option Scheme; and (ii) the date falling 10 years from the offer date of that option.

            Remaining Life

            Subject to any prior termination by the Company in a general meeting, the Share Option Scheme shall be valid and
            effective for a period of 10 years commencing on the date on which the Share Option Scheme is adopted. Options
            granted and remaining unexercised prior to the termination of the Share Option Scheme shall continue to be valid and
            exercisable in accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme.

            Since the adoption of the Share Option Scheme, no option has been granted under the Share Option Scheme.




138
                                                                            Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the year ended 28 February 2026




40. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY

                                                                                      As at                    As at
                                                                           28 February 2026        28 February 2025
                                                                  Notes              S$’000                 S$’000

   NON-CURRENT ASSET
   Investment in a subsidiary                                                                 –*                     –*

   Total non-current asset                                                                    –*                     –*

   CURRENT ASSETS
   Prepayments                                                                             294                    299
   Amounts due from related parties                                                        152                    158
   Amounts due from subsidiaries                                                         8,156                  8,816
   Cash and cash equivalents                                                               644                    448

   Total current assets                                                                  9,246                  9,721

   Total assets                                                                          9,246                  9,721

   CURRENT LIABILITY
   Other payables and accruals                                                             165                    175

   Total liabilities                                                                       165                    175

   Net current assets                                                                    9,081                  9,546

   Net assets                                                                            9,081                  9,546

   EQUITY
   Share capital                                                   30                      190                    190
   Reserves                                                        31                    8,891                  9,356

   Total equity                                                                          9,081                  9,546

   Total equity and liabilities                                                          9,246                  9,721


   *     Less than S$1,000


41. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

   As at 28 February 2026, the Group had contingent liabilities in respect of performance bonds to guarantee for the
   due and proper performance of the obligations undertaken by the Group’s subsidiary for projects amounting to
   approximately S$35,325,000 (2025: S$25,165,000) in its ordinary course of business. The performance bonds are
   expected to be released in accordance with the terms of the respective construction contracts.

42. APPROVAL OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

   The consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 29 May
   2026.



                                                                                                                           139
      Annual Report 2025/26 | CTR Holdings Limited



      SUMMARY OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION


      A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years, as extracted from the
      published financial statements, is set out as below:

      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

                                               28 February       28 February        29 February       28 February       28 February
                                                      2026             2025               2024              2023              2022
                                                    S$’000           S$’000             S$’000            S$’000            S$’000

      Revenue                                         262,018         206,918           150,217            89,755          105,678
      Construction costs                             (227,443)       (182,210)         (134,804)          (69,805)          (97,102)

      Gross profit                                     34,575          24,708            15,413            19,950             8,576
      Other income and gain, net                        1,959           1,444             1,466             1,532             3,340
      Administrative expenses                         (18,165)        (16,177)          (13,576)          (11,423)          (11,454)
      Impairment loss on intangible asset                   –               –                 –                 –                 –
      (Loss allowance provision)/reversal
         of loss allowance on financial
         assets and contract assets, net                 (166)           (406)              112            (1,506)             (335)
      Finance costs                                       (37)             (10)               (8)               (7)               (6)

      Profit/(loss) before tax                        18,166            9,559             3,407             8,546               121
      Income tax expense                              (3,760)          (1,793)             (736)           (1,671)             (427)

      Profit/(loss) for the year                      14,406            7,766             2,671             6,875              (306)


      ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

                                                     As at             As at              As at             As at             As at
                                               28 February       28 February        29 February       28 February       28 February
                                                      2026             2025               2024              2023              2022
                                                    S$’000           S$’000             S$’000            S$’000            S$’000

      Non-current assets                              34,879          25,562             24,488            20,361            20,309
      Current assets                                 144,692         101,692             74,346            57,171            44,478
      Current liabilities                            104,215          66,866             46,328            27,710            21,639
      Non-current liabilities                          1,410             187                160               146               219
      Net current assets                              40,477          34,826             28,018            29,461            22,839




140
