                                                           CONTENTS




CONTENTS
  2   Corporate information

  4   Chairperson’s statement

  5   Business review and outlook

 14   Management discussion and analysis

 23   Directors’ report

 36   Directors and senior management

 40   Corporate governance report

 58   Other information

 65   Independent auditor’s report

 70   Consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
        comprehensive income

 72   Consolidated statement of financial position

 74   Consolidated statement of changes in equity

 75   Consolidated statement of cash flows

 77   Notes to the consolidated financial statements

135   Financial summary

136   Definitions
    CORPORATE INFORMATION



    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                               HEADQUARTERS
    Executive Directors                              22/F, Tower 12, Wanda Plaza
                                                     No. 93 Jianguo Road
    Mr. Pu Shulin
                                                     Chaoyang District
     (Chairperson and Chief Executive Officer)
                                                     Beijing, China
    Ms. Jacqueline Luo (Appointed on 27 June 2023)
    Mr. Wu Ye
                                                     PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
    Mr. Yan Xiang (Resigned on 27 June 2023)
    Mr. Lau Chi Hung                                 5/F, Manulife Place
                                                     348 Kwun Tong Road
    Independent non-executive Directors              Kowloon, Hong Kong
    Mr. Zhang Jizhong
                                                     REGISTERED OFFICE
    Mr. Lee Cheuk Yin Dannis
    Mr. Huang Yu                                     190 Elgin Avenue, George Town
                                                     Grand Cayman KY1-9008
    AUDIT COMMITTEE                                  Cayman Islands
    Mr. Lee Cheuk Yin Dannis (Chairperson)
                                                     AUDITOR
    Mr. Zhang Jizhong
    Mr. Huang Yu                                     Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                                     Certified Public Accountants and Registered
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                             Public Interest Entity Auditor
                                                     35/F One Pacific Place
    Mr. Huang Yu (Chairperson)
                                                     88 Queensway
    Mr. Pu Shulin
                                                     Central, Hong Kong
    Mr. Lee Cheuk Yin Dannis

                                                     LEGAL ADVISERS
    NOMINATION COMMITTEE
                                                     As to Hong Kong and U.S. laws
    Mr. Pu Shulin (Chairperson)
                                                     Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom and affiliates
    Mr. Zhang Jizhong
                                                     42/F, Edinburgh Tower, The Landmark
    Mr. Lee Cheuk Yin Dannis
                                                     15 Queen’s Road Central
                                                     Hong Kong
    COMPANY SECRETARY
    Mr. Lau Chi Hung                                 As to PRC law
                                                     Commerce & Finance Law Offices
    AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES                       12/F – 14/F, China World Office 2
                                                     No. 1 Jianguomenwai Avenue
    Mr. Pu Shulin
                                                     Chaoyang District, Beijing, PRC
    Mr. Lau Chi Hung

                                                     As to Cayman Islands law
                                                     Walkers (Hong Kong)
                                                     15/F, Alexandra House
                                                     18 Chater Road, Central, Hong Kong




2   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                   CORPORATE INFORMATION




HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR
Tricor Investor Services Limited
17/F, Far East Finance Centre
16 Harcourt Road
Hong Kong

PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
TRANSFER OFFICE
Walkers Corporate Limited
190 Elgin Avenue, George Town
Grand Cayman KY1-9008
Cayman Islands

PRINCIPAL BANKS
DBS Bank (Hong Kong) Limited
Bank of China (HK) Ltd.

STOCK CODE
1981

COMPANY WEBSITE
www.cathaymedia.com




                                          Annual Report 2023   3
    CHAIRPERSON’S STATEMENT


    Dear Shareholders,

    During the Reporting Period, our higher education (media and arts) and vocational education business
    continued to contribute a stable source of revenue and cash flows to the Group. With the increase in tuition
    fees for the new undergraduate students enroled from the 2023/2024 school year, our University has more
    resources for further enhancement of our teaching quality and further expansion of its student capacity. We
    will continue to liaise with the relevant government authorities in China to follow up with the matters for the
    registration of for-profit status of our University. We will also continue to promote the integration of industries
    and education in order to create more internships and job opportunities for our students.

    In May 2023, we officially started our livestreaming e-commerce and artist management business through
    cooperations with Ms. Qi Wei, one of the top tier livestreaming e-commerce streamers in China, and her spouse.
    We are committed to further expand our livestreaming e-commerce business. With a talent pool of more than
    30,000 students and teachers from our University, as well as our business connection with certain artists in the
    entertainment industry, we are confident in expanding our livestreaming e-commerce business.

    The TV/film production industry in China remained challenging in 2023, where industry players generally
    faced different challenges, such as prolonged distribution of TV/film series, extended receivables collection
    period and reduction in selling prices. Our TV/film production and investment business was no exception and
    accordingly, recognised significant impairment losses on trade and other receivables in 2023, leading to the
    loss of the Group for the Reporting Period.

    Despite the loss of the Group for the Reporting Period, after taking into account solid financial resources and
    the future prospect of the Group, the Company paid an interim dividend of HK$0.03 per Share for the six months
    ended 30 June 2023, amounting to approximately RMB45.5 million in aggregate, and also proposed to distribute
    a special dividend of HK$0.06 per Share for the Reporting Period, amounting to approximately RMB90.3 million
    in aggregate.

    I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to our Shareholders and our partners
    including students, parents, suppliers, bankers, professional parties and local government authorities for your
    continuous trust, support and assistance. I would also like to thank our Board members, senior management
    and staff for their endeavours and contributions to our Group.




    Pu Shulin
    Chairperson of the Board

    27 March 2024




4   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                                BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK



BUSINESS REVIEW
Higher education (media and arts) and vocational education
Our University
According to the Chinese Universities Alumni Association, CUCN ranked first among media and arts
independent colleges in China in 2024. As at 31 December 2023, the Group had approximately 29,276 students,
including 24,238 undergraduates, 4,558 vocational education students and 480 international preparatory
students. The above number of undergraduates included 580 undergraduates enrolled by Olympic College
under our University’s management. Excluding the number of undergraduates of Olympic College, the total
number of our students recorded a year-on-year growth of approximately 8.9%.

Currently, CUCN offers more than 50 undergraduate majors, covering multiple media and art fields. Among
them, 16 majors were appraised as the first tier at the provincial level of Jiangsu and 4 of which were appraised
as the first tier at the national level. Our high-quality courses, ingenious ideas and excellent teaching results
made CUCN uniquely competitive and attractive.

Our international preparatory programs are supported by our cooperation with more than 70 leading media and
art colleges across the world. Students enrolled in these programs can study at the overseas universities we
cooperate with to continue their undergraduate courses after completing relevant courses.

Our vocational education programs serve adult students who want to further develop skills for a new job,
develop a personal interest, or obtain a degree. We provide self-taught examination preparation program（自考
助學課程）to the aforementioned adult students.

Olympic College
In order to facilitate the restructuring in connection with the sale and purchase agreement (the “Agreement”)
entered into in June 2021 with certain independent third parties, including the transferor (the “Transferor”)
for the acquisition of Olympic College, the Group also entered into two bridging loan agreements (the “Loan
Agreements”) for the principal amounts of RMB250 million and RMB170 million (the “Bridging Loans”),
respectively, to be extended to the Transferor. The Group is entitled to set-off the consideration payable to
the Transferor arising under the Agreement against any amount due to the Group from the Transferor or its
associates arising under the Loan Agreements. Please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 22
June 2021 and 19 August 2021 for details.

Up to the date of this report, certain conditions precedent required for the acquisition of Olympic College
have not been completed. The total amount of RMB420 million for the Bridging Loans was included in other
receivables in the Company’s consolidated statement of financial position and the accumulated impairment
losses recognised on the Bridging Loans amounted to RMB161.3 million as at 31 December 2023 (as at 31
December 2022: RMB65.8 million). The impairment losses on the Bridging Loans have been provided based on
the fair value of Olympic College and the security provided for the Bridging Loans estimated by an independent
professional valuer, and details of the valuation are set out in “Impairment losses under expected credit loss
model, net of reversal” under the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis”.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2023   5
    BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK




    Segment performance
    During the Reporting Period, our higher education (media and arts) and vocational education business segment
    recorded a total revenue of RMB593.0 million, representing a year-over-year growth of 5.6%, of which tuition
    fees and boarding fees for our undergraduate programmes amounted to RMB400.4 million, representing a year-
    over-year growth of 12.7%. The increase in tuition fees and boarding fees for our undergraduate programmes
    was primarily due to an increase in annual tuition fees for new undergraduate students who enroled from the
    2023/2024 school year and the growth in total undergraduate student enrolment, while such increase was
    partially offset by a decrease in education management service income and entrance examination fee income
    for the Reporting Period.

    The segment profit of our higher education (media and arts) and vocational education business decreased
    from RMB280.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 to RMB182.4 million for the Reporting Period,
    primarily due to (i) the additional impairment losses of RMB95.5 million on the Bridging Loans included in other
    receivables as mentioned above and in “Impairment losses under expected credit loss model, net of reversal”
    under the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis”, (ii) the decrease in education management
    service income and entrance examination fee income, and (iii) an increase in CUCN’s staff salaries mainly
    resulted from the recruitment of additional teachers. The increase in impairment losses on other receivables
    was a non-cash item which had no impact on the Group’s cash and cash equivalents as at 31 December 2023.
    Excluding the relevant impairment losses on the Bridging Loans, the segment profit of our higher education
    (media and arts) and vocational education business for the Reporting Period would be adjusted to RMB277.9
    million.

    Entertainment and livestreaming e-commerce
    During the Reporting Period, we renamed the business segment of “TV/film production and investment” to
    “entertainment and livestreaming e-commerce” as we commenced our livestreaming e-commerce and artist
    management business in May 2023. Our entertainment and livestreaming e-commerce business segment
    currently comprises livestreaming e-commerce and artist management business as well as TV/film production
    and investment business.

    Livestreaming e-commerce and artist management
    Since the second quarter of 2023, we have officially entered the livestreaming e-commerce field, opening up
    a new growth curve. In May 2023, the Group entered into long-term exclusive and comprehensive cooperative
    agreements (including but not limited to livestreaming e-commerce management and artist management
    businesses) with Ms. Qi Wei, one of the leading celebrity streamers in the industry, and her spouse, Mr. Li
    Chengxuan, respectively. The Group and the core members of Ms. Qi Wei’s team have also jointly invested in
    Beijing Huaxia Huyu Culture Media Co., Ltd.（北京華夏互娛文化傳媒有限公司）(formerly known as Huaxia Youpin
    (Beijing) Culture Communication Co., Ltd.（華夏優品（北京）文化傳播有限公司）) (“Huaxia Huyu”) which is owned
    as to 70% by a consolidated entity of the Company and owned as to 30% by the core members of Ms. Qi Wei’s
    team.

    Ms. Qi Wei formed a strong alliance with us after giving birth to her second child and her comeback has
    achieved outstanding performance in promoting and selling products through livestreaming. The effect of Ms.
    Qi Wei’s livestreaming sessions for the promotion of many brands was remarkable, which not only provided
    consumers with precise recommendations and enhanced user stickiness, but also empowered the brand’s
    recognition. During the period from May 2023 to 31 December 2023, Ms. Qi Wei’s livestreaming room has been
    on air 26 times, with a cumulative gross merchandise value of approximately RMB237 million. In the fourth
    quarter of 2023, we have completed the set up of vertical livestreaming rooms for Ms. Qi Wei, focusing on
    beauty and lifestyle products.




6   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                                             BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK




Apart from promoting and selling products through livestreaming, Huaxia Huyu also generated revenue during
the Reporting Period from the provision of artist management services by arranging Ms. Qi Wei and her spouse,
Mr. Li Chengxuan, to participate in certain commercial activities, such as brand endorsement and product
promotion and variety programs on certain media platforms. Huaxia Huyu has signed product endorsement and
promotion agreements with several well-known brands for Ms. Qi Wei and Mr. Li Chengxuan, including maternal
and infant products. In October 2023, Ms. Qi Wei cooperated with Douyin to hold her first online and offline
concert, with the number of viewers in her livestreaming room amounted to more than 25 million and the total
number of views exceeded 80 million, bringing entertainment content to Ms. Qi Wei’s livestreaming room.

In addition to Ms. Qi Wei and Mr. Li Chengxuan, the Group has established cooperative relationships with Mr. Liu
Wei, a well-known celebrity streamer, and a number of Internet celebrities with strong realisation capabilities.

During the Reporting Period, our livestreaming e-commerce and artist management business recorded a total
revenue of RMB81.0 million, which mainly comprised sales commission and promotion fees from livestreaming
sessions, and artist endorsement and cooperation fees.

TV/film production and investment
The TV/film production industry in China remained challenging in 2023. To the best knowledge and information
of the Group, traditional advertising income of the TV/film broadcast channels in China has generally declined
in recent years, which has affected the decisions of the TV/film broadcast channels on both timing and prices
for purchasing TV/film series from the market. Moreover, a number of productions and distributions of TV/
film series in the industry have been delayed in the past few years largely due to the impact of COVID-19 in
China, leading to a very intense competition environment in the industry in the post-COVID-19 period during
which there was a greater supply of TV/film series available for TV/film broadcast channels in China. In light
of the abovementioned, the TV/film production industry in China is facing many challenges and uncertainties,
including prolonged distribution process, extended receivables collection period and decreasing distribution
prices of TV/film series.

During the Reporting Period, our TV/film production and investment business recorded a revenue of RMB85.0
million which was mainly attributable to the first round distribution of the TV series Lady’s Character（女士的品
格）(40% invested by the Group).

The first and second series of the TV/film series Fights Break Sphere（鬥破蒼穹）(30% invested by the
Group), which was recorded as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”) in the Company’s
consolidated statement of financial position according to certain terms of the investment agreement, were
released in the fourth quarter of 2023.

The distribution of the TV/film series Meteor with White Plume（白羽流星）(50% invested by the Group) has been
delayed, which is now expected to be released in 2024. Based on the latest market information available, the
expected selling price of the TV/film series Meteor with White Plume（白羽流星）will reduce and accordingly, the
Group recognised a write-down of inventories of RMB7.9 million which was included in the cost of revenue for
the Reporting Period.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2023   7
    BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK




    Given the challenges and uncertainties faced by the TV/film production industry in China as mentioned above,
    after due and careful consideration, the Board has decided not to further invest in the TV/film series Galloped
    Era II（奔騰年代 II ）(60% invested by the Group in 2021). In this regard, the Group recognised an impairment
    loss on the initial investment in the TV/film series Galloped Era II（奔騰年代 II ）of RMB63 million (included in
    other receivables of the Group), as the Group believes that the recovery of the investment amount is uncertain.
    Such impairment was recorded in the cost of revenue of our TV/film production and investment business.

    During the Reporting Period, our TV/film production and investment business recognised credit impairment
    losses on certain long outstanding trade receivables amounting to RMB241.1 million. For details of the
    impairment losses on trade receivables of our TV/film production and investment business, please refer to
    “Impairment losses under expected credit loss model, net of reversal” under the section headed “Management
    Discussion and Analysis”.

    Segment performance
    During the Reporting Period, our entertainment and livestreaming e-commerce segment recorded a total
    revenue of RMB166.1 million for the Reporting Period as compared to that of RMB95.1 million from our TV/film
    production and investment business for the year ended 31 December 2022. The increase in revenue from this
    business segment was mainly due to the commencement of our livestreaming e-commerce business during the
    Reporting Period.

    The segment loss of our entertainment and livestreaming e-commerce business segment increased from
    RMB172.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 to RMB354.3 million for the Reporting Period, primarily
    due to the increases in impairment losses recognised on certain trade and other receivables from our TV/film
    production and investment business. However, the increases in impairment losses were non-cash items which
    had no impact on the Group’s cash and cash equivalents as at 31 December 2023. For details of the impairment
    losses on trade receivables of our TV/film production and investment business, please refer to “Impairment
    losses under expected credit loss model, net of reversal” under the section headed “Management Discussion
    and Analysis”.

    Discontinued operation
    As mentioned in the Company’s interim results announcement and interim report for the six months ended 30
    June 2023 (of which the terms “Shuimuyuan” and “Unwind Agreement” used in this report shall have the same
    meaning thereto), the Group recorded a profit of RMB43.7 million from discontinued operation for the year
    ended 31 December 2022, primarily due to the extraordinary gain on the disposal of Shuimuyuan in April 2022.
    There was no profit or loss from discontinued operation for the Reporting Period.

    Up to the date of this report, the Group has received RMB142.7 million in aggregate, being the first, second,
    third, fourth and fifth payments of the disposal consideration and the whole outstanding loan amount of
    RMB12.7 million due from Shuimuyuan. Pursuant to the terms of the Unwind Agreement, the final payments
    of the disposal consideration, being RMB35 million, shall be settled by the founder of Shuimuyuan and his
    associates on or before 31 December 2024.




8   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                                               BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK




Regulatory update
Pursuant to the Decision on Amending the Law for Promoting Private Education of the PRC approved by the
Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress in November 2016 which took effect on 1 September
2017 (the “2016 Decision”), school sponsor(s) of a private school may choose for the school to be a for-profit
private school or a non-profit private school, with the exception that schools providing nine-year compulsory
education must be non-profit. On 22 February 2018, the government of Jiangsu Province promulgated the
Implementation Opinion on Encouraging Social Groups to Engage in Education and Promoting the Healthy
Development of Private Education, and on 8 May 2018, five local government authorities, including the Jiangsu
Education Department, promulgated the Implementation Rules for Classification and Registration of Private
Schools in Jiangsu Province (the “Jiangsu Implementation Rules”). The Jiangsu Implementation Rules allow
private schools established before 7 November 2016 to choose and complete the registration as for-profit or
non-profit schools by 2020, or possibly extended until 2022. Under the existing regulatory environment and
based on the interpretation of the 2016 Decision and related implementing rules and the existing ownership
structure of our University, in June 2021, our University submitted the decision to the Jiangsu Education
Department to register as a for-profit private school. As at the date of this report, we have not been informed
that our University is not allowed to register as a for-profit private school.

On 14 May 2021, the State Council published the Implementing Regulations for the Law for Promoting Private
Education of the PRC《（中華人民共和國民辦教育促進法實施條例 》）(the “2021 Implementation Regulations”),
which has become effective from 1 September 2021. The 2021 Implementation Regulations introduced
significant changes to certain provisions of the 2004 implementation regulations and contain provisions
governing the operation and management of private schools.

The 2021 Implementation Regulations stipulate that: (1) private schools may enjoy the preferential tax policies
stipulated by the State, among which non-profit private schools may enjoy the same preferential tax policies
as public schools; (2) for schools that provide education for academic qualifications, the local governments
may provide land by means of bid invitation, auction or listing, assignment of contracts, long-term lease or
combination of sale and as rental, and may allow to settle payments by installments; (3) private schools not
providing compulsory education must conduct transactions with their interested parties, which include the
sponsor, the actual controller, the principal, the council member, the director, the supervisor, the person in
charge of the financial affairs of a private school, and any organization or individual that has mutual control
or influence over the above mentioned organizations or individuals which may lead to any interest transfer of
private schools (the “Interested Parties”), in a manner that is open, justified and fair and conduct at reasonable
pricing and establish standardised decision-making for such transactions, and must not harm the interests of
the State, schools, teachers and students. Private schools must set up an information disclosure mechanism
for dealing with their Interested Parties; (4) the registered capital of a private school must be paid in full when
it formally established and shall be compatible with the type, level and scale of the school; and (5) at the end
of each financial year, a for – profit private school must set aside a portion of not less than 10% of its audited
annual net profit, and a non-profit private school must set aside a portion of not less than 10% of its audited
annual net increase in assets, as the development fund, which is to be used for the development of school.

In addition, on 15 March 2019, the Foreign Investment Law was formally passed by the 13th National People’s
Congress of the PRC and has taken effect on 1 January 2020. Besides, on 27 December 2021, the Ministry of
Commerce and the National Development and Reform Commission jointly released the Special Administrative
Measures for Access of Foreign Investment (Negative List) (2021 Edition)（《外商投資準入特別管理措施（負
面清單）(2021 年版）》）, which became effective on 1 January 2022, to replace the previous negative list (2020
Edition).




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023   9
     BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK




     The Foreign Investment Law stipulates three forms of foreign investment. However, the Foreign Investment
     Law does not explicitly stipulate the contractual arrangements as a form of foreign investment. As advised
     by our PRC legal advisor, since contractual arrangements are not specified as foreign investment under the
     Foreign Investment Law, and if the future laws, administrative regulations or provisions prescribed by the
     State Council do not incorporate contractual arrangements as a form of foreign investment, our contractual
     arrangements as a whole and each of the agreements comprising the contractual arrangements will not be
     affected and will continue to be legal, valid and binding on the parties. Notwithstanding the above, the Foreign
     Investment Law stipulates that foreign investment includes “foreign investors invest in China through any other
     methods under laws, administrative regulations, or provisions prescribed by the State Council”. Therefore, there
     are possibilities that future laws, administrative regulations or provisions of the State Council may stipulate
     contractual arrangements as a way of foreign investment, and then whether our contractual arrangements will
     be recognized as foreign investment, whether our contractual arrangements will be deemed to be in violation
     of the foreign investment access requirements and how our contractual arrangements will be handled are
     uncertain.

     On 17 February 2023, the China Securities Regulatory Commission (the “CSRC”) released the Trial
     Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies（《境內企業境外
     發行證券和上市管理試行辦法 》）(the “Overseas Listing Trial Measures”) and five supporting guidelines, which
     came into effect on 31 March 2023. The Overseas Listing Trial Measures will regulate both direct and indirect
     overseas offering and listing of PRC domestic companies’ securities by adopting a filing-based regulatory
     regime. On the same day, the CSRC also held a press conference for the release of the Overseas Listing Trial
     Measures and issued the Notice on Administration for the Filing of Overseas Offering and Listing by Domestic
     Companies（《關於境內企業境外發行上市備案管理安排的通知 》）, which, among others, clarified that the
     domestic companies that have already been listed overseas on or before the effective date of the Overseas
     Listing Trial Measures (i.e. 31 March 2023) shall be deemed as existing applicants（存量企業）, or the Existing
     Applicants. Existing Applicants are not required to complete the filling procedures immediately, and they shall
     be required to file with the CSRC when subsequent matters such as refinancing are involved. The Overseas
     Listing Trial Measures also requires subsequent reports to be filed with the CSRC on material events, such as
     change of control or voluntary or forced delisting of the issuer(s) who have completed overseas offerings and
     listings.

     As at the date of this report, our Group’s operations have not been affected by the above law, decision,
     implementing regulations and rules and administration measures. Based on the current conditions and
     the Company’s preliminary assessment, the Board is of the view that the above law, decision, implementing
     regulations and rules and administration measures do not have an immediate material adverse impact on our
     Group’s business operations, business plans and financial conditions.

     Our Company will continue to monitor developments of the above law, decision, implementing regulations and
     rules, administration measures and related laws and regulations, and will make further announcements in
     respect thereof in accordance with the Listing Rules as and when appropriate.




10   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                                               BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK




Recent developments after the Reporting Period
On 1 March 2024, the Board proposed to (i) change the English name of the Company from “Cathay Media
and Education Group Inc.” to “Cathay Group Holdings Inc.” and the dual foreign name of the Company from “華
夏視聽教育集團” to “華夏集團控股有限公司” (the “Proposed Change of Company Name”) and (ii) amend the
third amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company (the “Existing M&A”) to
reflect the Proposed Change of Company Name by adopting the fourth amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association of the Company (the “New M&A”). These proposals are subject to certain conditions,
including approval by the Shareholders at an extraordinary meeting scheduled for 10 April 2024. Please refer to
the Company’s announcement dated 1 March 2024 and circular dated 15 March 2024 for more details.

Save as disclosed in this annual report, there has been no significant change in the Group’s continuing
operations after the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report.

OUTLOOK
Higher education (media and arts) and vocational education
In 2023, with the release of policies such as the Implementation Plan for Improving the Integration and
Empowerment of Industry and Education in Vocational Education (2023-2025)（《職業教育產教融合賦能提升
行動實施方案(2023-2025年)》）and the Notice on Accelerating the Reform of Key Tasks for the Construction of
a Modern Vocational Education System（《關於加快推進現代職業教育體系建設改革重點任務的通知 》）, China
emphasized its determination to promote the development of healthy interaction and deep integration of
industry and education, as well as to strengthen the modern vocational education system.

In order to promote the integration of the livestreaming e-commerce business and our media and arts higher
education business, the Faculty of Jiangsu Livestreaming E-commerce and Digital Economy Industries（江
蘇直播電商與數字經濟產業學院）of our University has set up livestreaming rooms and related courses to
train our students to become potential anchors, internet celebrities and operation crew and actively seeks
collaborations with enterprises to provide internships and job opportunities to our students.

The entry barrier of the livestreaming e-commerce industry has also been gradually raised, and more and
more attention is being paid to the professional training of streamers and operators. Diversified trainings
and enhanced trainings improve the professional standards and performances of streamers, which foster
continuous supply of talents for the industry, and promote the rapid development of the industry and healthy
competition. We have excellent resources of more than 30,000 students and teachers from our media and arts
higher education, and the launch of the new business of livestreaming e-commerce provides better resources
and training platform for the integration of industry and education, and truly realises the practice and
extension of the principle of “healthy interaction of industry and education, and complementary strengths of
schools and enterprises”（「產教良性互動、校企優勢互補」                  ）.

Ms. Qi Wei, as the representative of the top streamer team, will also join the training team as a mentor, to
provide applied teaching for students, help students to establish their own livestreaming rooms, nurture and
train high-quality talent for the livestreaming e-commerce industry. We will continue to focus on strengthening
cooperation with certain brands in livestreaming training, and actively give full play to the professional
advantages of our higher education business, cultivating streamers, operational and related professionals for
the industry through education, training, practice and other forms of training. In addition, school-enterprise co-
operation projects can also broaden the channels for students’ internship and employment.

The Group will continue to expand the student capacity of its higher education (media and arts) and vocational
education programs, including the exploration of possibilities to lease certain properties eligible for operating
higher education and vocational education businesses.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2023   11
     BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK




     Entertainment and livestreaming e-commerce
     Livestreaming e-commerce and artist management
     According to data released by the Ministry of Commerce, China’s online retail sales reached RMB15.42 trillion
     in 2023, a year-on-year increase of 11%, being the world’s largest online retail market for 11 consecutive years
     indicating that online shopping has become an important channel for consumers’ daily consumption. According
     to statistics from the China Internet Network Information Center, the number of online livestreaming users in
     China continues to grow. In June 2023, the number of online livestreaming users reached 765 million, of which
     526 million were livestreaming e-commerce users. It can be seen that watching live broadcasts has gradually
     become one of people’s habits on the Internet, and the huge number of livestreaming users is an important
     foundation for commercial realisation in the livestreaming e-commerce industry. From 2017 to 2022, the scale
     of livestreaming e-commerce transactions has grown rapidly, reaching RMB3.5 trillion in 2022. At the end
     of the first half of 2023, the scale of livestreaming e-commerce transactions has reached RMB2 trillion and
     accordingly, livestreaming sales have now become one of the important sales models of e-commerce.

     We focus on creating the value of intellectual property rights in livestreaming content and building a complete
     livestreaming e-commerce ecological chain, with “livestreaming e-commerce, expert operations, brand
     incubation and technology empowerment” as the core business development direction. In addition, we plan to
     establish cooperative relationships with more top streamers and well-known Internet celebrities with stable
     followers to cover multiple fields such as food, Chinese culture, clothing, maternal and infant, etc., through
     livestreaming, advertising placement and etc., bringing more growth momentum to the Group. In the future, in
     addition to Douyin, we plan to create a “livestreaming +” content matrix on mainstream e-commerce platforms
     such as Xiaohongshu, actively cooperate with top companies in the field of clothing and beauty, incubate
     new brands, lead new consumption trends, and explore the possibility of expanding into diverse fields such
     as e-sports and music. In 2024, we plan to make use of Ms. Qi Wei’s personal intellectual property rights to
     produce short videos on Douyin in order to strengthen the business development of livestreaming e-commerce
     on Douyin.

     We adhere to the customer-oriented principle and select high-quality and cost-effective products for our
     customers. We bring excellent living experience to consumers through strict product traceability and quality
     testing, combined with practical aesthetic designs. We plan to incubate self-operated or joint-venture brands in
     the fields of food, skin care, clothing, etc., and actively build a strong supply chain to ensure that streamers can
     provide consumers with the most cost-effective products, fulfill our commitment to consumers, and meet their
     expectation of new consumption concepts. We will continue to promote the self-operated product strategy of
     our livestreaming e-commerce business and strive to improve the product quality and service standards of our
     own brands, ensuring that we provide consumers with excellent product experience and service quality. We also
     plan to increase our cooperation with content creators and use high-quality content to enhance user attraction,
     thereby increasing user stickiness and activity.

     With the high-quality resources of more than 30,000 teachers and students in our media and arts higher
     education, we will cultivate diversified and professional streamers and operation talents for the livestreaming
     e-commerce industry. We will continue to explore new business models and advanced technologies in the
     livestreaming e-commerce industry.

     TV/film production and investment
     Given the challenges and uncertainties of the TV/film production industry in China and its lengthy revenue
     and receivables cycle, we continue to be cautious about the future development of our TV/film production and
     investment business. Receivables collection remains the primary task of our TV/film production and investment
     business in 2024.




12   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                                           BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK




Conclusion
We will continue to improve the teaching quality and expand the student capacity for our higher education
(media and arts) and vocational education business. We will strive to further expand our livestreaming
e-commerce businesses by leveraging the advantages of resources from the Faculty of Jiangsu Livestreaming
E-Commerce and Digital Economy Industries（江蘇直播電商與數字經濟產業學院）and the talent pool of over
30,000 students and teachers of our University, and our business network in the TV/film production industry,
aiming to increase the return for Shareholders.




                                                                                           Annual Report 2023   13
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     CONTINUING OPERATIONS
     Revenue
     The following table sets forth our revenue by business segment for the years ended 31 December 2023 and
     2022.

                                                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                                                 2023                        2022
                                                                                   (RMB’000, except percentages)
     Segment Revenue
     Higher education (media and arts) and
       vocational education                                             592,980             78.1%           561,747            85.5%
     Entertainment and livestreaming
       e-commerce (Note)                                                166,060             21.9%            95,068            14.5%
     Total                                                              759,040           100.0%            656,815           100.0%

     Note:   For the year ended 31 December 2022, the number represented revenue from our TV/film production and investment business only.
             Since May 2023, the Group has started its livestreaming e-commerce and artist management business and renamed this business
             segment to include revenue from both livestreaming e-commerce and artist management business, and TV/film production and
             investment business during the Reporting Period.


     As a result of the increase in revenue from both business segments of higher education (media and arts) and
     vocational education, and livestreaming e-commerce and artist management, total revenue from continuing
     operations of the Group increased by 15.6% from RMB656.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 to
     RMB759.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2023,

     Revenue from our higher education (media and arts) and vocational education business segment increased
     by RMB31.3 million, or 5.6%, from RMB561.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 to RMB593.0
     million for the year ended 31 December 2023, primarily due to the increase in tuition and boarding fees for our
     undergraduate programs. During the Reporting Period, tuition and boarding fees for CUCN’s undergraduate
     programs increased primarily due to the increase in annual tuition fees for new undergraduate students who
     enroled from the 2023/2024 school year and the growth in total undergraduate student enrolment, while our
     entrance examination fee income and education management service income decreased.

     Revenue from entertainment and livestreaming e-commerce business segment comprises i) revenue from
     livestreaming e-commerce and artist management business and ii) revenue from TV/film production and
     investment business of the Group.

     Our livestreaming e-commerce and artist management business commenced in May 2023, which generated
     a total revenue of RMB81.0 million for the Reporting Period, whereas there was no such revenue for the year
     ended 31 December 2022.




14   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Revenue from our TV/film production and investment business decreased from RMB95.1 million for the year
ended 31 December 2022 to RMB85.0 million for the Reporting Period. The fluctuation of the revenue from
our TV/film production and investment in the comparable periods was generally due to a number of reasons
including, but not limited to, the price per episode, the number of episodes, the type of TV/film series and our
investment portion for each of the TV/film series sold in the comparable periods. Revenue from our TV/film
production and investment business for the Reporting Period was primarily attributable to the first round
distribution of the TV series Lady’s Character（女士的品格）(40% invested by the Group), whereas the revenue
for the year ended 31 December 2022 mainly represented the revenue from the TV series A New Home（新居之
約）(55% invested by the Group).

As a result of the foregoing, the overall revenue from our entertainment and livestreaming e-commerce
business segment increased from RMB95.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 to RMB166.1 million
for the year ended 31 December 2023.

Cost of revenue
                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                             2023                        2022
                                                                               (RMB’000, except percentages)
Segment Cost
Higher education (media and arts) and
  vocational education                                              254,759             52.9%           220,222             64.8%
Entertainment and livestreaming
  e-commerce (Note)                                                 226,483              47.1%          119,392             35.2%
Total                                                               481,242            100.0%           339,614            100.0%

Note:   For the year ended 31 December 2022, the number represented cost of revenue from our TV/film production and investment business
        only. Since May 2023, the Group has started its livestreaming e-commerce and artist management business and renamed this
        business segment to include cost of revenue from both livestreaming e-commerce and artist management business, and TV/film
        production and investment business during the Reporting Period.


The cost of revenue of our higher education (media and arts) and vocational education business segment
increased from RMB220.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 to RMB254.8 million for the year ended
31 December 2023, primarily due to (i) the increase in teacher salaries mainly resulted from the recruitment of
additional teachers by CUCN and (ii) the increase in repair and maintenance costs for CUCN.

The cost of revenue from our entertainment and livestreaming e-commerce business segment comprises i) the
cost of live-streaming e-commerce and artist management business and ii) the cost of TV/film production and
investment business of the Group.

The Group commenced its livestreaming e-commerce and artist management business in May 2023 and,
accordingly, recognised the relevant costs during the Reporting Period, including the amortisation of
cooperation fee paid in relation to the exclusive cooperations with Ms. Qi Wei and her spouse amounting to
RMB8.8 million, whereas there was no such costs for the year ended 31 December 2022.




                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023      15
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     During the Reporting Period, our TV/film production and investment business recorded the provision for
     impairment loss of RMB63 million in relation to the initial investment in the TV/film series Galloped Era II（奔騰
     年代 II ）as mentioned above in the section headed “Business Review”.

     As a result of the principal reasons mentioned above, the overall cost of revenue of our entertainment
     and livestreaming e-commerce business segment increased from RMB119.4 million for the year ended 31
     December 2022 to RMB226.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2023.

     Gross profit (loss) and gross profit (loss) margin
                                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                               2023                          2022
                                                                         Gross          Gross         Gross                   Gross
                                                                   profit (loss)      margin     profit (loss)               margin
                                                                                 (RMB’000, except percentages)
     Higher education (media and arts) and
       vocational education                                            338,221             57.0%          341,525             60.8%
     Entertainment and livestreaming
       e-commerce (Note)                                                (60,423)         -36.4%            (24,324)          -25.6%
     Total                                                              277,798            36.6%           317,201            48.3%

     Note:   For the year ended 31 December 2022, the numbers represented gross loss and gross loss margin, respectively, from our TV/
             film production and investment business only. Since May 2023, the Group has started its livestreaming e-commerce and artist
             management business and renamed this business segment to include the corresponding figures of both livestreaming e-commerce
             and artist management business, and TV/film production and investment business during the Reporting Period.


     As a result of the foregoing, the Group’s overall gross profit decreased by 12.4% from RMB317.2 million for the
     year ended 31 December 2022 to RMB277.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, whereas the Group’s
     overall gross profit margin decreased from 48.3% for the year ended 31 December 2022 to 36.6% for the year
     ended 31 December 2023.

     The gross profit margin for our higher education (media and arts) and vocational education business segment
     decreased from 60.8% for the year ended 31 December 2022 to 57.0% for the year ended 31 December 2023,
     mainly due to (i) the decrease in entrance examination fee income and education management service fee
     income, (ii) the increase in teacher salaries mainly resulted from the recruitment of additional teachers by
     CUCN, and (iii) the increase in repair and maintenance costs for CUCN.

     During the Reporting Period, our entertainment and livestreaming e-commerce business segment recorded
     a gross loss margin of 36.4% and the gross loss margin further increased, primarily due to the increase in
     impairment loss on other receivable from our TV/film production and investment business as mentioned above.




16   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Other income
Other income decreased from RMB32.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 to RMB21.4 million for the
year ended 31 December 2023, primarily due to a decrease in government grants.

Other gains and losses
Other gains and losses changed from a gain of RMB3.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 to a loss
of RMB52,000 for the year ended 31 December 2023, primarily due to a decrease in gains from changes in fair
value of financial assets measured at FVTPL.

Selling expenses
The Group’s selling expenses increased by RMB12.4 million from RMB15.5 million for the year ended 31
December 2022 to RMB27.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, primarily due to an increase in
promotion expenses since the commencement of our livestreaming e-commerce business during the Reporting
Period.

Administrative expenses
The Group’s administrative expenses increased by RMB19.5 million from RMB95.0 million for the year ended
31 December 2022 to RMB114.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2023. The increase was primarily
due to the increase in staff salaries for CUCN and an increase in administrative expenses resulted from the
commencement of our livestreaming e-commerce and artist management business during the Reporting
Period.

Impairment losses under expected credit loss model, net of reversal
Impairment losses under expected credit loss (net of reversal) comprised the recognition of impairment
losses on (a) trade receivables from three customers (the “Customers”) of the Group’s TV/film production and
investment business (the “Impairment on Major Trade Receivables from TV Production”), (b) other trade
receivables in aggregate (the “Impairment on Other Trade Receivables”), and (c) the two Bridging Loans (the
“Impairment on Bridging Loans”) included in other receivables, which were assessed with the support of an
independent valuer, details of which are as follows:

(a)   Impairment on Major Trade Receivables from TV Production
      The Group entered into transfer agreement(s) in late 2020 and 2021 with each of the Customers, which
      are independent third parties principally engaged in TV/film production and distribution in China, in
      relation to the sale of certain TV series rights by the Group to each of the Customers. The consideration
      of each of the agreement(s) shall be settled by three installments with credit periods ranging from 3
      to 12 months or 5 to 12 months. The Customers were unable to settle part or any of the consideration
      under the respective agreements when the consideration falls due. To the best knowledge of the Group,
      the Customers were unable to settle the relevant consideration mainly because their cash flows were
      affected by the slow inventory turnover of their on-going TV series/web film projects and substantial
      price reductions primarily caused by the impact of COVID-19 and its subsequent impact on the TV/film
      production industry in China.

      As part of the annual impairment assessment for the Reporting Period, the Group conducted interviews
      with the Customers to obtain the latest information from the Customers (including the progress of
      the subsequent distribution of the respective TV series in TV stations/online video platforms and the
      substantial price reduction on the TV series, etc.) for the valuation of receivables and determination
      of the impairment amount. The total impairment amount recognised on trade receivables from the
      Customers for the Reporting Period amounted to RMB239.6 million.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2023   17
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     (b)     Impairment on Other Trade Receivables
             These trade receivables comprise various trade receivables (“Other Trade Receivables”) from both
             business segments of higher education (media and arts) and vocational education and entertainment
             and livestreaming e-commerce of the Group. The total impairment amount recognised on these trade
             receivables for the Reporting Period amounted to RMB1.5 million.

     (c)     Impairment on Bridging Loans
             As mentioned in the section headed “Business Review”, since certain conditions precedent for the
             acquisition of Olympic College have not been fulfilled, the Bridging Loans could not be set-off against the
             consideration for the acquisition and the Transferor has failed to repay the Bridging Loans when it falls
             due. Since the entering into of the Bridging Loans in June 2021, the Group has made impairment losses
             for each of the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022, and for the Reporting Period, the
             impairment losses recognised on the Bridging Loans amounted to RMB95.5 million, which was due to
             the decrease in fair value of the security as a result of the decrease in the market values of comparable
             listed companies engaged in higher education in China.

     Movement and basis of assessment of the impairment losses
     Below sets out the movement of the impairment losses for the Reporting Period:

                                                                     Accumulated                        Accumulated
                                                                      impairment        Impairment       impairment
                                                                            as at           for the            as at
                                                                     31 December          Reporting     31 December
                                                                            2022             Period            2023
                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000
     Impairment on Major Trade Receivables from
       TV Production (in aggregate)                                        165,972          239,625          405,597
     Impairment on Other Trade Receivables                                   5,198            1,492            6,690
     Impairment on total trade receivables                                 171,170          241,117          412,287
     Impairment on Bridging Loans                                           65,757           95,549          161,306
     Total                                                                 236,927          336,666          573,593




18   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




In order to determine the amount of impairment losses, the Group engaged an independent valuer to conduct
valuation based on the valuation method as set out below:

Receivables                     Valuation method             Principal inputs/assumptions
• Major Trade Receivables       Discounted cash flow         Taking into account (i) the number of episodes of
  from TV Production            method – individual          the relevant TV series, (ii) the expected price per
                                assessment                   episode that may be offered by TV stations and
                                                             online video platforms, (iii) the percentage of
                                                             interest attributable to the Group (ranging from
                                                             27% to 100%), (iv) the discount rate (ranging
                                                             from 14.39% to 14.41%), (v) the expected
                                                             broadcasting time, and (vi) the expected
                                                             payment time.

• Other Trade Receivables       Credit rating method         Taking into account (i) exposure at default, (ii)
                                                             probability of default, (iii) loss given default, and
                                                             (iv) forward-looking indicator.

• Bridging Loans                Market approach              Taking into account (i) the past 12 months’
                                                             revenue from the assets pledged (equity
                                                             interests in companies which own a private
                                                             independent college and Olympic College
                                                             respectively) for the two Bridging Loans, (ii)
                                                             the average price-to-sales ratio of comparable
                                                             listed companies, (iii) the percentage of interest
                                                             attributable to the security (i.e. 9% and 100% in
                                                             aggregate) provided for the Bridging Loans, (iv)
                                                             the lack of marketability discount rate of 30%
                                                             for unlisted equity interests pledged for the
                                                             security, and (v) control premium of 14.3% for
                                                             equity interests pledged in Olympic College.

The Company has formalized action plans to recover the trade receivables, which include the negotiation of
feasible timetables to recover the receivables from the respective parties and the assignment of an executive
Director to lead the execution of such plans. Further, the Group has also initiated proceedings to actively
recover the outstanding amount of the Bridging Loans from the respective parties. The Group will use its best
efforts to recover these amounts from the relevant parties.

Taxation
The Group’s income tax changed from an expense of RMB17.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 to
a credit of RMB0.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, primarily due to a deferred tax credit for the
Reporting Period.

(Loss) profit for the year from continuing operations
As a result of the foregoing, the Group recorded a loss from continuing operations of RMB181.1 million for the
year ended 31 December 2023 as compared to a profit of RMB78.2 million for the year ended 31 December
2022.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2023    19
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Profit for the period from discontinued operation
     Profit for the year from discontinued operation for the year ended 31 December 2022 comprised the loss of
     RMB19.6 million from the discontinued operation of Shuimuyuan for the period from 1 January 2022 to the
     date of completion of the disposal of Shuimuyuan (i.e. 12 April 2022) and the gain on disposal of Shuimuyuan of
     RMB63.3 million.

     There was no profit or loss from discontinued operation for the year ended 31 December 2023.

     (Loss) profit for the year
     As a result of the foregoing, the Group recorded a loss of RMB181.1 million for the year ended 31 December
     2023 as compared to a profit of RMB121.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2022.

     Non-HKFRS Measure – Adjusted Net (Loss) Profit
     In order to supplement the Group’s consolidated financial statements, which are presented in accordance
     with HKFRS, the Group also uses adjusted net (loss) profit (“Adjusted Net (Loss) Profit”) as an additional
     financial measure. The Group presents this financial measure because it is used by the Group’s management
     to evaluate the Group’s financial performance by eliminating the impact of certain items that the Group does
     not consider to be indicative of the Group’s performance during the Reporting Period. The Group also believes
     that this non-HKFRS measure provides additional information to investors and others in their understanding
     and evaluating the Group’s results of operations in the same manner as they help the Group’s management
     and in comparing financial results across accounting periods and to those of the Group’s peer companies.
     This non-HKFRS measure is non-recurring in nature and provides an unbiased presentation for investors to
     understand the Group’s results of operations. However, this non-HKFRS measure does not have a standardised
     meaning prescribed by HKFRS and therefore it may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other
     companies listed on the Stock Exchange.

     Adjusted Net (Loss) Profit, which is unaudited, represents (loss) profit for the year after adjusting for profit
     for the year from discontinued operation, impairment losses recognised on other receivables, write-down
     of inventories, and equity-settled share-based payments which did not exist in prior years. The Adjusted
     Net (Loss) Profit of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 was RMB1.3 million, as compared to an
     adjusted net profit of RMB118.8 million for the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022.

     The following table reconciles our Adjusted Net (Loss) Profit from the most directly comparable financial
     measure calculated and presented in accordance with HKFRS ((loss) profit for the year).

                                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                                         2023             2022
                                                                                          (RMB’000)
     (Loss) profit for the year                                                      (181,067)            121,923
     Less: Profit for the year from discontinued operation                                  –             (43,710)
     Add: Impairment losses on other receivables (included in impairment
       losses under expected credit loss model, net of reversal)                       95,549                4,550
     Add: Impairment loss on other receivable (included in cost of revenue)            63,000                    –
     Add: Write-down of inventories                                                    20,003               36,052
     Add: Equity-settled share-based payments                                           1,204                    –
     Non-HKFRS: Adjusted Net (Loss) Profit                                              (1,311)           118,815

     Adjusted Net (Loss) Profit is not a measure of performance under HKFRS. The use of Adjusted Net (Loss) Profit
     has material limitations as an analytical tool, as it does not include all items that impact our profit for the
     relevant year(s).



20   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Liquidity, financial resources and capital structure
During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group funded its cash requirements principally from cash
generated from operations.

As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents amounted to RMB342.0 million (as at 31
December 2022: RMB520.9 million), of which the majority were denominated in RMB and Hong Kong dollars.
The decrease in cash and cash equivalents was primarily due to the placement of time deposits of RMB375.3
million which were excluded from cash and cash equivalents.

As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s structured deposits, unquoted fund investments and listed equity
investments classified as financial assets at FVTPL amounted to RMB376.0 million (as at 31 December 2022:
RMB459.7 million). The majority of these structured deposits, unquoted fund investments and listed equity
investments were purchased for better utilisation of our surplus cash.

The Group continued to maintain a healthy and sound financial position. As at 31 December 2023, the current
ratio (the ratio of total current assets to total current liabilities) was 257.0% (as at 31 December 2022: 356.4%).
The total assets of the Group decreased from RMB3,225.0 million as of 31 December 2022 to RMB3,078.2
million as at 31 December 2023, while the total liabilities increased from RMB582.6 million as at 31 December
2022 to RMB662.2 million as at 31 December 2023. The liability-to-asset ratio increased from 18.1% as at 31
December 2022 to 21.5% as at 31 December 2023.

As at 31 December 2023, the Group did not have interest-bearing borrowings (as at 31 December 2022: nil).
As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s total equity amounted to RMB2,416.0 million (as at 31 December 2022:
RMB2,642.4 million). The Board will evaluate the Group’s capital structure from time to time based on the
Group’s operations, its business growth, the relevant funding requirements and available financial resources.

Gearing ratio
The Group’s gearing ratio is calculated as total interest-bearing borrowings divided by total equity. As at 31
December 2023, as the Group did not have any interest-bearing borrowings, its gearing ratio was zero (as at 31
December 2022: zero).

Capital expenditure and commitment
During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group paid RMB254.2 million for the purchases of property and
equipment primarily for our University.

As at 31 December 2023, capital commitment of the Group was RMB5.0 million (as at 31 December 2022:
RMB194.0 million).

Foreign exchange exposure
During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group mainly operated in China and the majority of the
transactions were settled in RMB, which is the Company’s primary subsidiaries and consolidated affiliated
entities’ functional currency. As at 31 December 2023, except for certain bank balances and deposits
denominated in foreign currencies, the Group did not have significant foreign currency exposure from its
operations. The Group did not enter into any financial instrument for hedging purpose as it is expected that
foreign exchange exposure will not be material.

Pledge of assets
As at 31 December 2023, the Group had no pledge of assets (as at 31 December 2022: nil).




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023   21
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Contingent liabilities
     Save as disclosed in note 36 to the consolidated financial statements, the Group had no material contingent
     liabilities as at 31 December 2023 (as at 31 December 2022: RMB41,784,000).

     Significant investments
     The Group did not make or hold other significant investments (including any investment in an investee company
     with a value of 5% or more of the Company’s total assets as at 31 December 2023) during the Reporting Period.

     Material acquisitions and disposals
     The Group did not have any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, consolidated affiliated entities or
     associated companies during the year ended 31 December 2023.

     Future plans for material investments or capital assets
     As at 31 December 2023, the Group did not have detailed future plans for material investments or capital
     assets.

     Employees and remuneration
     As at 31 December 2023, the Group had a total of 2,193 employees (as at 31 December 2022: 1,755). The
     following table sets forth the total number of employees by function as of 31 December 2023:

                                                                                                         Number of
     Function                                                                                            employees
     Higher education (media and arts) and vocational education
       Teachers                                                                                                1,895
       Administration                                                                                            184
     Livestreaming e-commerce and artist management
       Operations                                                                                                 73
       Administration                                                                                              7
     TV/film production and investment
       Operations                                                                                                 14
       Administration                                                                                             20
     Total                                                                                                     2,193


     The total remuneration cost incurred by the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 was RMB176.9 million,
     as compared to RMB145.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2022.

     The Company has adopted a Post-IPO Share Award Scheme and a Post-IPO Share Option Scheme on 22 June
     2020. Please refer to “Other Information” in this report.




22   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                                                   DIRECTORS’ REPORT


The Board is pleased to present this Directors’ report together with the consolidated financial statements of the
Group for the year ended 31 December 2023.

GENERAL INFORMATION
The Company was incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands on 4 January 2017 as an exempted
limited liability company. The Company’s Shares were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on 15 July
2020.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The principal businesses of the Company’s
subsidiaries are higher education (media and arts) and vocational education, and entertainment and
livestreaming e-commerce. Analysis of the principal activities of the Group during the year ended 31 December
2023 is set out in note 35 to the consolidated financial statements.

RESULTS
The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 are set out in the consolidated statement of
profit or loss and other comprehensive income on page 70 of this annual report.

DIRECTORS
The Directors who held office during the year ended 31 December 2023 and up to the date of this report are:

Executive Directors
Pu Shulin
Jacqueline Luo (appointed on 27 June 2023)
Yan Xiang (resigned on 27 June 2023)
Wu Ye
Lau Chi Hung

Independent non-executive Directors
Zhang Jizhong
Lee Cheuk Yin Dannis
Huang Yu

BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK
A business review of the Group, as required by Schedule 5 to the Companies Ordinance, including a fair
review of the Company’s business, a description of the principal risks and uncertainties facing the Company,
particulars of important events affecting the Company that have occurred since the end of the financial
year, an indication of likely future developments in the Group’s business, an analysis of the Group’s financial
performance and the Group’s key relationships with its stakeholders who have a significant impact on
the Group and on which the Group’s success depends, is set out in the “Business review and outlook” and
“Management discussion and analysis” on pages 5 to 22 of this annual report. These discussions form part of
this Directors’ report. Events affecting the Company that have occurred since the end of the financial year are
set out in the “Recent developments after the Reporting Period” in “Business review and outlook”.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2023   23
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




     PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
     Our business involves certain risks as set out in the section headed “Risk Factors” in the Prospectus. The
     following list is a summary of certain principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group, some of which are
     beyond its control.

     •     Our entertainment and livestreaming e-commerce business is primarily dependent upon, among other
           factors, audience acceptance, which is extremely difficult to predict and therefore inherently risky.

     •     The TV/film industry is regulated extensively in China.

     •     We are subject to significant uncertainties brought by recent regulation in the private higher education
           industry.

     •     Our TV/film production and investment business depends on the success of a limited number of releases
           each year. The commercial failure of any one of them could have a material adverse effect on us and
           this pattern subjects our revenues from our TV/film production and investment business to significant
           seasonal fluctuation.

     •     We are exposed to the risk of high concentration of service providers in our TV/film production and
           investment business.

     •     The private higher education business is relatively new and may not gain wide acceptance in China.

     •     Our University terminated the cooperation agreement with Communication University of China (“CUC”).
           We will face significant uncertainties on student enrollment and employment in connection with the
           termination of the cooperation with CUC.

     •     Our higher education business depends on the level of tuition fees and boarding fees we are able to
           charge and the size of the student body we are allowed to enroll.

     •     We face intense competition in the PRC education industry, which could lead to adverse pricing pressure,
           reduced operating margins, loss of market share, departures of qualified employees and increased
           capital expenditures.

     •     The PRC government may find that the agreements that establish the structure for operating our
           business in China do not comply with applicable PRC laws and regulations, which may subject us to
           severe penalties and our business may be materially and adversely affected.

     •     TV/film production and investment is a lengthy process during which we may encounter some
           unexpected situations that may affect the timing of revenue collection and the recoverability of our
           investment.

     However, the above is not an exhaustive list. Investors are advised to make their own judgment or consult their
     own investment advisors before making any investment in the Shares.

     ENVIRONMENT POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE
     The Group is committed to fulfilling social responsibility, promoting employee benefits and development,
     protecting the environment and giving back to community and achieving sustainable growth. Details of such are
     set out in the Environmental, Social and Governance Report which will be published on the same date with this
     report.




24   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                                                           DIRECTORS’ REPORT




COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS
As far as the Board and management are aware, the Group has complied in all material aspects with the
relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the business and operation of the Group. During
the year ended 31 December 2023, there was no material breach of, or non-compliance, with applicable laws
and regulations by the Group.

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
During the year ended 31 December 2023, save as disclosed in this annual report, no related party transaction
disclosed in note 34 to the consolidated financial statements falls under the definition of “connected
transaction” or “continuing connected transaction” in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules for which disclosure is
required. The Company has complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the
Listing Rules for the year ended 31 December 2023.

CONTRACTUAL ARRANGEMENTS
Background to the Contractual Arrangements
We currently conduct our TV/film production and investment business and our education business (the
“Relevant Businesses”) through our Consolidated Affiliated Entities in the PRC as PRC laws and regulations, or
their implementation by relevant government authorities, generally prohibit or restrict foreign ownership in the
Relevant Businesses. Currently, PRC laws and regulations prohibit the operation of TV series or film production
companies and restrict the operation of higher education institutions to Sino-foreign cooperation ownership (in
addition to imposing a qualification requirement on the foreign owners). Government approvals of Sino-foreign
cooperation ownership in the private education sector have, with very limited exceptions, been withheld in
practice.

As a result of the restrictions imposed by PRC laws and regulations, our Company is unable to own or hold
any direct sponsor interest or equity interest in our Consolidated Affiliated Entities. Accordingly, the term
‘ownership’ or the relevant concept, as applied to our Company in this document, refers to an economic interest
in the assets or businesses through the Contractual Arrangements without holding any sponsor/equity interest
in our Consolidated Affiliated Entities. The Contractual Arrangements, through which we are able to exercise
control over and derive the economic benefits enjoyed by Registered Shareholders from our Consolidated
Affiliated Entities, have been narrowly tailored to achieve our business purpose and minimize the potential
conflict with relevant PRC laws and regulations.

All of the Contractual Arrangements are subject to the foreign ownership restrictions described herein and as
set out in the Prospectus.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2023   25
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




     Risks relating to the Contractual Arrangements and actions taken to mitigate the risks
     We believe the following risks are associated with the Contractual Arrangements. Further details of these risks
     are set out on pages 47 to 53 of the Prospectus.

     •     The PRC government may find that the agreements that establish the structure for operating our
           business in China do not comply with applicable PRC laws and regulations, which may subject us to
           severe penalties and our business may be materially and adversely affected.

     •     Substantial uncertainties exist with the PRC foreign investment legal regime and may have a significant
           impact on our corporate structure and business operations.

     •     The Contractual Arrangements may not be as effective in providing control over our Consolidated
           Affiliated Entities as direct ownership.

     •     The beneficial owners of our Consolidated Affiliated Entities may have conflicts of interest with us, which
           may materially and adversely affect our business and financial condition.

     •     The Contractual Arrangements may subject us to scrutiny by the PRC tax authorities and may result
           in a finding that we owe additional taxes or are ineligible for tax exemptions, or both, which could
           substantially increase our taxes owed and thereby reduce our profit attributable to equity shareholders
           of the Company.

     •     Our exercise of the option to acquire the equity interest held by the Registered Shareholders of our
           Consolidated Affiliated Entities may be subject to certain limitations and we may incur substantial costs.

     •     Any failure by our Consolidated Affiliated Entities or their respective shareholders to perform their
           obligations under our Contractual Arrangements would potentially lead to the incurrence of additional
           costs and the expending of substantial resources on our part to enforce such arrangements, temporary
           or permanent loss of control over our primary operations or loss of access to our primary sources of
           revenue.

     •     Certain terms of the Contractual Arrangements may not be enforceable under PRC laws.

     •     We rely on dividend and other payments from WFOEs to pay dividends and other cash distributions to
           our Shareholders and any limitation on the ability of WFOEs to pay dividends to us would materially and
           adversely limit our ability to pay dividends to our Shareholders.

     •     If any of our Consolidated Affiliated Entities becomes subject to winding up or liquidation proceedings,
           we may lose the ability to enjoy certain important assets, which could negatively impact our business
           and materially and adversely affect our ability to generate revenue.

     The structuring and implementation of the Contractual Arrangements, including the detailed terms of
     Contractual Agreements, as discussed herein is designed to mitigate these risks.




26   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                                                            DIRECTORS’ REPORT




PRC laws and regulations
TV/film production and investment
Pursuant to the Special Administrative Measures for the Access of Foreign Investment (Negative List) (2021
version)（外商投資準入特別管理措施（負面清單）                   （ 2021年版））, foreign investors are prohibited from holding
any equity interest in any PRC radio and TV production company and any PRC film production company. See
“Regulations – Regulations on TV series and variety shows production in the PRC” in the Prospectus for more
details.

We consulted the National Radio and Television Administration（國家廣播電視總局）(“NRTA”), being the
competent authority as advised by our PRC Legal Adviser, to confirm the matters relating to foreign investment
in a radio and TV production company. We were advised by an official of the Division of TV Series Content of the
NRTA that:

(i)    foreign investment in TV and film production and distribution business are explicitly prohibited, and the
       NRTA will not approve any foreign investors to directly or indirectly invest in such business; and

(ii)   the execution of the Contractual Arrangements does not require approval from the NRTA.

Given the relevant regulations and policy followed by the NRTA as summarized above, our Directors consider
that it is not practicable for us to hold any equity interest in Dongyang Huaxia and its subsidiaries directly or
indirectly.

Higher education
Pursuant to the Special Administrative Measures for the Access of Foreign Investment (Negative List) (2021
version)（外商投資準入特別管理措施（負面清單）                       （ 2021年版））, the provision of higher education in the PRC
falls within the ‘restricted’ category. As such, foreign investment in higher education institutions must be in
the form of a Sino-foreign cooperation, which means that foreign investors may only operate higher education
institutions through cooperating with PRC incorporated entities that are in compliance with the Regulations
on Operating Sino-foreign Schools（中外合作辦學條例）(the “Sino-Foreign Regulation”) and its implementing
rules. In addition, such catalog provides that the domestic party shall play a dominant role in the Sino-
foreign cooperation, meaning that: (a) the principal or other chief executive officer of the schools or education
institutions shall be a PRC national; and (b) the representative of the domestic party shall account for no
less than half of the total members of the board of directors, the executive council or the joint administration
committee of the Sino-foreign school (the “Foreign Control Restriction”). Currently, the principal, the chief
executive officers and all members of the board of directors (except Jacqueline Luo) of CUCN are PRC nationals.

In relation to the interpretation of Sino-foreign cooperation, pursuant to the Sino-Foreign Regulation and
its implementing rules, the foreign investor in a Sino-foreign school (a “Sino-Foreign School”) must be a
foreign educational institution with relevant qualification and high quality of education (the “Qualification
Requirement”). Furthermore, pursuant to the Implementation Opinions of the MOE on Encouraging and Guiding
the Entry of Private Capital in the Fields of Education and Promoting the Healthy Development of Private
Education（關於鼓勵和引導民間資金進入教育領域促進民辦教育健康發展的實施意見）, the foreign portion of
the total investment in a Sino-Foreign School should be below 50% (the “Foreign Ownership Restriction”)
and the establishment of these schools is subject to approval of education authorities at the provincial or
national level. Our PRC Legal Adviser has advised that the laws and regulations are currently uncertain as to
what specific criteria must be met by a foreign investor (such as length of experience, and form and extent
of ownership in the foreign jurisdiction) in order to demonstrate to the relevant authority that it meets the
Qualification Requirement.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2023   27
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




     We consulted the Education Department of Jiangsu Province（江蘇省教育廳）, being the competent authority
     as advised by our PRC Legal Adviser, to confirm the matters relating to the Sino-Foreign Schools relevant to
     us. We were advised by an official of Development and Planning Office of the Education Department of Jiangsu
     Province that:

     (i)     the Foreign Control Restriction and the Foreign Ownership Restriction apply to Sino-Foreign Schools in
             Jiangsu Province;

     (ii)    no implementing measures or specific guidance were promulgated pursuant to the Sino-Foreign
             Regulation and its implementing rules and the Qualification Requirement in Jiangsu Province;

     (iii)   although there is an understanding that the foreign investor will generally be an educational institution
             ranked globally among the top 200 universities or top 100 in the relevant fields, due to policy reason, the
             Education Department of Jiangsu Province will be unlikely to approve an application to convert CUCN or
             any schools to be newly established or invested by us into Sino-Foreign Schools; and

     (iv)    the execution of the Contractual Arrangements does not require approval from them.

     Given the policy adopted by the Education Department of Jiangsu Province as summarized above, our Directors
     consider that it is not practicable for us to seek to apply to reorganize CUCN as a Sino-Foreign School.

     Qualification requirements
     Notwithstanding the above, we have adopted a specific plan and will continue to expend genuine efforts and
     financial resources towards meeting the Qualification Requirement. We will remain abreast of any regulatory
     developments and continuously assess whether we meet the Qualification Requirement, with a view to
     unwinding the Contractual Arrangements wholly or partially as and when practicable and permissible under the
     prevailing PRC Laws.

     We are implementing a business plan with a view to expanding our education operations overseas. We currently
     plan to establish and operate a university authorized to grant Bachelor of Arts degrees in Animation and Media
     in the state of California, the United States. We believe that such business plan represents our commitment
     and a meaningful endeavor to demonstrate compliance with the Qualification Requirement. In particular, we
     have taken the following concrete steps to comply with the Qualification Requirement:

     •       On 27 June 2017, we incorporated a holding company of a new school in California, United States, namely,
             Cathay Picture, Inc., which is wholly-owned by Cathay Media HK and will be responsible for the daily
             operation and management of the university to be established.

     •       On 6 July 2017, we entered into a consulting agreement with an independent education consultant with
             extensive experience and background in private post-secondary education in California, the United
             States, pursuant to which the consultant shall provide consultation and adviser services in relation to
             the licensing application submitted to the Bureau for Private Post-secondary Education (“BPPE”) in
             California.

     •       On 30 May 2018, we submitted a formal application to, and have since been in correspondence with, the
             BPPE for the establishment of a university through the non-accredited process.




28   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                                                            DIRECTORS’ REPORT




•     In December 2018, we received a response letter from the BPPE to request for further information, which
      we responded to in January 2019.

•     In February 2020, we received a request from BPPE for further information, which we responded to in
      March 2020.

Due to tense trade relations between China and the United States, based on our understanding from our
agent, the approval process with the BPPE is expected to be further delayed and it is uncertain as to when the
approval will be granted by BPPE.

Our PRC Legal Adviser is of the view that while Sino-foreign Schools are to be jointly established by both foreign
and domestic educational institutions, it is currently uncertain as to what specific criteria must be met by a
foreign investor (such as length of experience, and form and extent of ownership in the foreign jurisdiction) in
order to demonstrate that it meets the Qualification Requirement. Based on the interviews conducted with the
Education Department of Jiangsu Province and the steps that we have undertaken as mentioned above, our
PRC Legal Adviser is of the view that we have taken all reasonable steps towards fulfilling the Qualification
Requirement subject to the discretion of competent authority.

Summary of the Contractual Arrangements
The Contractual Arrangements in place for the Reporting Period were:

•     Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreements. Pursuant to the exclusive business cooperation
      agreements entered into by and between the WFOEs, the Registered Shareholders, the Onshore Holdcos
      and CUCN dated 28 August 2019, the WFOEs have the exclusive right to provide to Dongyang Huaxia
      and its subsidiaries, Nanjing Lanchou and CUCN technical services, management support services,
      consulting services, intellectual property licenses and other additional services as the parties may
      mutually agree from time to time, and in return, the Onshore Holdcos, CUCN shall make payments
      accordingly.

•     Exclusive Technical Services and Management Consultancy Agreements. Pursuant to the exclusive
      technical services and management consultancy agreements entered into by and between the WFOEs,
      the Onshore Holdcos and CUCN dated 28 August 2019, the WFOEs have the exclusive right to provide,
      or designate any third party to provide, technical and management services to Dongyang Huaxia
      and its subsidiaries, Nanjing Lanchou and CUCN. In consideration of the technical and management
      consultancy services provided by the WFOEs, each of the Onshore Holdcos and CUCN agreed to pay the
      WFOEs a service fee equal to all (in the case of the Onshore Holdcos) or 91% (in the case of CUCN) of
      their respective amount of surplus from operations (after deducting operating costs and other sums
      required by relevant laws and regulations to be reserved or withheld).




                                                                                                Annual Report 2023   29
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




     •     Exclusive Call Option Agreements. Under the exclusive call option agreements entered into by and
           between the WFOEs, our Consolidated Affiliated Entities and the Registered Shareholders dated 28
           August 2019, the Registered Shareholders have irrevocably granted the WFOEs or their designated
           purchaser the right to purchase all or part of the interests held by them in our Consolidated Affiliated
           Entities.

     •     Shareholders’ Rights Entrustment Agreements. Pursuant to the shareholders’ rights entrustment
           agreements entered into by and between the WFOEs, the Onshore Holdcos, and the Registered
           Shareholders, the Registered Shareholders have irrevocably authorized and entrusted the WFOEs to
           exercise all their rights as shareholders of each of the Onshore Holdcos to the extent permitted by PRC
           laws.

     •     Equity Pledge Agreements. Pursuant to the equity pledge agreements entered into by the WFOEs, the
           Registered Shareholders, the Onshore Holdcos, Huaxia Audio-Visual and Nanjing Meiya dated 28 August
           2019, Mr. Pu, Mr. Liu Chang, Dongyang Huaxia, and Nanjing Lanchou unconditionally and irrevocably
           pledged and granted first priority security interests over all of their respectively equity interests in
           Dongyang Huaxia, Huaxia Audio-Visual, Nanjing Lanchou, and Nanjing Meiya, together with all related
           rights thereto to the WFOEs as security for performance of the Contractual Arrangements and all direct,
           indirect or consequential damages and foreseeable loss of interest incurred by the WFOEs as a result of
           any event of default on the part of the Registered Shareholders and the Consolidated Affiliated Entities
           and all expenses incurred by the WFOEs as a result of enforcement of the obligations of the Registered
           Shareholders and the Consolidated Affiliated Entities under the Contractual Arrangements.

     •     Directors’ Rights Entrustment Agreements. Pursuant to the directors’ rights entrustment agreements
           entered into by and between WFOE-Education and each director of CUCN dated 28 August 2019, each of
           the directors of CUCN has irrevocably authorized and entrusted WFOE-Education to exercise all of their
           rights as directors of CUCN and to the extent permitted by PRC laws.

     See pages 165 to 172 of the Prospectus for details of the material terms of the Contractual Arrangements.

     On 18 November 2020, WFOE-Education, Nanjing Lanchou, Nanjing Meiya, CUCN and the then directors of
     CUCN entered into a supplemental agreement to the Contractual Arrangements, to reflect conversion, change
     of name of CUCN and the change of directors of CUCN.

     Apart from the above, there were no other new Contractual Arrangements entered into, renewed or reproduced
     during the financial year ended 31 December 2023. Save as disclosed above, there was no material change in
     the Contractual Arrangements and/or the circumstances under which they were adopted for the year ended 31
     December 2023.

     For the year ended 31 December 2023, none of the Contractual Arrangements had been terminated as none
     of the restrictions that led to the adoption of the contracts under the Contractual Arrangements has been
     removed.

     The total revenue and net assets of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities that are subject to the Contractual
     Arrangements amounted to approximately RMB751.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 and
     approximately RMB2,533.4 million as of 31 December 2023, respectively.




30   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                                                            DIRECTORS’ REPORT




Listing Rules implications and waivers
Mr. Pu is a party to the Contractual Arrangements and is also our Controlling Shareholder and executive
Director. Therefore the transactions contemplated under the Contractual Arrangements are continuing
connected transactions of our Company. The highest applicable percentage ratios (other than the profits
ratio) under the Listing Rules in respect of the transactions associated with the Contractual Arrangements
are expected to be more than 5%. As such, the transactions will be subject to the reporting, annual review,
announcement and independent shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

However, in respect of the Contractual Arrangements and related new intergroup agreements, we have applied
for, and the Stock Exchange has granted us, waivers from strict compliance with (i) the announcement, circular
and independent shareholders’ approval requirements pursuant to Rule 14A.105 of the Listing Rules, (ii) the
requirement to set annual caps under Rule 14A.53 of the Listing Rules, and (iii) the requirement to limit the
term to three years or less under Rule 14A.52 of the Listing Rules, for so long as our Shares are listed on the
Stock Exchange subject to the following conditions.

CONFIRMATION FROM INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
The Company’s independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the Contractual Arrangements and
confirmed that:

(i)     the transactions carried out during the year ended 31 December 2023 have been entered into in
        accordance with the relevant provisions of the Contractual Arrangements;

(ii)    no dividends or other distributions have been made by the Consolidated Affiliated Entities to the holders
        of its equity interests which are not otherwise subsequently assigned or transferred to the Group during
        the year ended 31 December 2023;

(iii)   no new contracts were entered into, renewed or reproduced between the Group and the Consolidated
        Affiliated Entities during the year ended 31 December 2023 other than the ones disclosed above;

(iv)    the Contractual Arrangements have been entered into in the ordinary and usual course of business of the
        Group;

(v)     the Contractual Arrangements have been entered into on normal commercial terms or better; and

(vi)    the Contractual Arrangements have been entered into in accordance with the relevant agreement
        governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the shareholders of the
        Company as a whole.

CONCLUSIONS FROM THE COMPANY’S INDEPENDENT AUDITOR
The auditor of the Company has confirmed in a letter to the Board that, with respect to the aforesaid continuing
connected transactions entered into in the year ended 31 December 2023:

(i)     nothing has come to their attention that causes the auditor to believe that the disclosed continuing
        connected transactions have not been approved by the Board;




                                                                                               Annual Report 2023   31
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




     (ii)    nothing has come to their attention that causes the auditor to believe that the transactions were not
             entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such
             transactions; and

     (iii)   with respect of the disclosed continuing connected transactions with the Consolidated Affiliated Entities
             under the Contractual Arrangements, nothing has come to their attention that causes the auditor to
             believe that there are any dividends or other distributions have been made by the Consolidated Affiliated
             Entities to the holders of the equity interests of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities which are not
             otherwise subsequently assigned or transferred to the Group.

     MAJOR CUSTOMERS
     The customers in our TV/film production and investment business generally include TV stations, online video
     platforms and third party distributors. The customers in our livestreaming e-commerce and artist management
     business generally include consumer products’ companies, advertising agencies and media platforms. All of our
     five largest customers during the Reporting Period were from our entertainment and livestreaming e-commerce
     business segment.

     During the year ended 31 December 2023, revenue generated from our five largest customers of the Group
     represented less than 30% of our total revenue.

     MAJOR SUPPLIERS
     In addition to our full-time employees, we engage third-party service providers in the production of our TV
     series and films, including directors, producers, actors, providers of film studios, production equipment,
     costumes and special effects. The suppliers in our livestreaming e-commerce business generally included
     our streamers, managed artists, media platforms and third-party service providers who provide styling,
     photography services and content creation services. Our University also contracts with construction companies
     and information technology equipment providers for buildings and facilities in our campus.

     During the year ended 31 December 2023, the purchases we made from the single largest supplier was
     RMB123.5 million, representing 34.6% of our total purchases during the Reporting Period. During the same
     period, the purchases we made from the five largest suppliers combined was RMB246.1 million, representing
     69.0% of our total purchases.

     None of the Directors, their respective close associates, or any Shareholder (which to the knowledge of the
     Directors own more than 5% of the number of issued shares of the Company) had any interest in any of our five
     largest suppliers during the year ended 31 December 2023.

     PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
     There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the laws of the Cayman Islands which would oblige the
     Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to the existing Shareholders.

     TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION OF HOLDERS OF LISTED SECURITIES
     The Directors are not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to the Shareholders by reason of their
     holding of the Company’s securities.




32   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                                                           DIRECTORS’ REPORT




SUBSIDIARIES
Particulars of the Company’s subsidiaries are set out in note 35 to the consolidated financial statements.

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
Details of movements in the property and equipment of the Group during the year ended 31 December 2023 are
set out in note 16 to the consolidated financial statements.

None of the Company’s properties are held for development and/or sale or for investment purposes.

The Group’s properties were valued at RMB533.3 million as of 30 April 2020. Had the Group’s properties been
included in these consolidated financial statements at such valuation amount throughout the year ended
31 December 2023 an additional depreciation charge of RMB1.4 million would have been recognised in the
consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income for the year ended 31 December
2023.

SHARE CAPITAL AND SHARES ISSUED
Details of movements in the share capital of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2023 are set out in
note 27 to the consolidated financial statements.

SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors as at
the date of this report, the Company has maintained the prescribed percentage of public float under the Listing
Rules.

DONATION
During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group made charitable donations of approximately RMB0.3
million (2022: RMB0.3 million).

DEBENTURE ISSUED
The Group has not issued any debentures during the year ended 31 December 2023.

EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
Save as disclosed in the section headed “Share Schemes” in this Directors’ report, no equity-linked agreements
were entered into by the Group, or existed during the year ended 31 December 2023.

PERMITTED INDEMNITY
Pursuant to the Articles of Association and subject to the applicable laws and regulations, every Director
shall be indemnified and secured harmless out of the assets of the Company from and against all actions,
costs, charges, losses, damages and expenses which they or any of them may incur or sustain in or about the
execution of their duty in their offices.

A permitted indemnity provision (as defined in section 469 of the Companies Ordinance) for the benefit of the
Directors of the Company is currently and was in force during the year ended 31 December 2023. The Company
has taken out liability insurance to provide appropriate coverage for the Directors.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2023   33
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




     DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
     As at 31 December 2023, the Company had reserves available for distribution to Shareholders amounting to
     RMB2,014.1 million.

     Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and the Company during the year ended 31 December 2023
     are set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity on page 74 and in note 37 to the consolidated
     financial statements, respectively.

     LOANS AND BORROWINGS
     As at 31 December 2023, the Group did not have any bank loans, overdrafts and other borrowings statements.

     DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
     Each of our executive Directors has entered into a service contract with our Company pursuant to which they
     agreed to act as executive Directors for (i) an initial term of three years from the Listing Date or until the third
     annual general meeting of our Company after the Listing Date (whichever is sooner), or (ii) a term of three years
     from the appointment date.

     Each of our independent non-executive Directors has entered into an appointment letter with our Company.
     The term of office of our independent non-executive Directors is three years or until the third annual general
     meeting of our Company since the Listing Date (whichever is sooner).

     None of the Directors proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company
     has or is proposed to have a service contract with any member of our Group other than contracts expiring or
     determinable by the employer within one year without the payment of compensation (other than statutory
     compensation).

     DIRECTORS INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS OF
     SIGNIFICANCE
     Save as disclosed in the section “Connected Transactions” of this Directors’ report, none of the Directors or any
     entity connected with the Directors had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any transactions,
     arrangements or contracts of significance to which the Company, its holding company, or any of its subsidiaries
     or fellow subsidiaries was a party subsisting during or at the end of the year ended 31 December 2023.

     EMOLUMENTS OF DIRECTORS AND THE FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS
     In compliance with the Corporate Governance Code, the Company has established the remuneration committee
     of the Company to formulate remuneration policies.

     The remuneration is determined and recommended based on each Director’s and senior management
     personnel’s qualification, position and seniority. As for the independent non-executive Directors, their
     remuneration is determined by the Board upon recommendation from the remuneration committee.

     The Directors and the senior management personnel are eligible participants of the Post-IPO Share Award
     Scheme and the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme, details of which are set out in the Prospectus and pages 59 to
     63 under ‘Other information’ in this annual report.

     Details of the remuneration of the Directors, senior management and the five highest paid individuals are set
     out in note 13 to the consolidated financial statements.




34   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                                                            DIRECTORS’ REPORT




None of the Directors waived or agreed to waive any remuneration and there were no emoluments paid by the
Group to any of the Directors or the five highest paid individuals as an inducement to join, or upon joining the
Group, or as compensation for loss of office.

CONTRACTS WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
Save as set out in “Connected Transactions” above and the Underwriting Agreements (as defined in the
Prospectus), no contract of significance or contract of significance for the provision of services has been
entered into among the Company or any of its subsidiaries and the Controlling Shareholders or any of their
subsidiaries during the year ended 31 December 2023.

MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contract concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the
business of the Company was entered into or existed during the year ended 31 December 2023.

AUDITOR
On 15 July 2022, the Company announced that Pricewaterhouse Coopers (“PwC”) resigned as the auditor of the
Company and on the same day, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu was appointed as the auditor of the Company. The
consolidated financial statements of the Group have been audited by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, who will retire
and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-appointment at the forthcoming annual general meeting.

Save as disclosed above, there has been no change in the Company’s auditor in any of the preceding three years.

CONTINUING DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS PURSUANT TO THE LISTING RULES
Save as disclosed in this report, the Company does not have any other disclosure obligations under Rules 13.20,
13.21 and 13.22 of the Listing Rules.

DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
Save as disclosed in this annual report, at no time during the year ended 31 December 2023 was the Company
or any of its subsidiaries, fellow subsidiaries or its holdings companies a party to any arrangements to enable
the Directors to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of the Company or any
other body corporate; and none of the Directors, or any of their spouse or children under the age of 18, had any
right to subscribe for equity or debt securities of the Company or any other body corporate, or had exercised any
such right.

By order of the Board
Pu Shulin
Chairperson




China
27 March 2024




                                                                                               Annual Report 2023   35
     DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



     DIRECTORS
     EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
     Mr. Pu Shulin（蒲樹林）, aged 68, is our founder, and is an executive Director, chairperson of the Board and
     chief executive officer of our Company, and chairperson of the nomination committee and member of the
     remuneration committee of the Board. Mr. Pu founded our Group and serves as a director and chairman of
     Dongyang Huaxia, Huaxia Audio-Visual, Huaxia Zhenxuan, Huaxia Huyu, Nanjing Lanchou, Nanjing Meiya, and
     CUCN. Mr. Pu graduated from Shenyang Conservatory of Music（瀋陽音樂學院）in Shenyang, Liaoning Province,
     China in 1983.

     Mr. Pu founded Beijing Pushengda Advertising Co., Ltd.（北京普聖達廣告有限公司）in December 1998 and
     Huaxia Huyu in December 2001 to invest in TV series production, and founded Nanjing Meiya in January 2003
     to invest in private higher education services and has continued to serve as its chairman since then, going on
     to co-found CUCN and now serves as its chairman. Mr. Pu served as the film and TV program center director
     of Heilongjiang TV Series Production Center（黑龍江電影電視劇製作中心）from 1989 to 1993, and the deputy
     director of the Heilongjiang International Culture Association（黑龍江省對外文化交流協會）from 1993 to the
     end of 1996.

     Ms. Jacqueline Luo（羅佳）, aged 43, is our executive Director. She is primarily responsible for strategic
     formulation and implementation of the Group’s business plan and overall supervision on the development of
     the Group’s livestreaming e-commerce business. She is the chairperson and a director of Huaxia Huyu and a
     director of each of Nanjing Meiya and CUCN. Huaxia Huyu, Nanjing Meiya and CUCN are consolidated affiliated
     entities of the Company. Ms. Luo is the spouse of Mr. Pu.

     Ms. Luo, has more than 14 years of management experience in media, entertainment, television/film production
     and education businesses. She has served as a vice president of Huaxia Audio-Visual since joining the Group
     in 2015 and a vice president of the Company since January 2017. Prior to joining the Group, Ms. Luo held
     a management position responsible for business strategy, sales and marketing in a private entertainment
     company. Ms. Luo graduated from California University, Fullerton, with a bachelor’s degree in international
     business administration.

     Mr. Wu Ye（吳曄）, aged 45, is our executive Director and chief production officer, and a director of Huaxia
     Audio-Visual. He joined our Group in December 2003 and has served as technology director (2003-2007), chief
     technology officer (2007-2012) and chief production officer (2013-Present) of Huaxia Audio-Visual. Mr. Wu
     received his associate degree in economic management from Nanjing University（南京大學）in Nanjing, Jiangsu
     Province, China, in July 2000.

     Mr. Wu worked in the production and technology department of China Television Media, Ltd（中視傳媒股份有
     限公司）(stock code: 600088.SH) from 1998 to 2001. He also served as the technology director of China Media
     North Television Productions Ltd（中視北方影視製作有限公司）from 2001 to 2003.




36   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                                      DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




Mr. Lau Chi Hung（劉志雄）, aged 53, is our executive Director and the Group’s chief financial officer and the
company secretary of the Company. He joined our Group in June 2021. Mr. Lau has over 30 years of experience in
corporate finance, accounting, auditing, company secretarial affairs and investor relations management. Prior
to joining the Group, Mr. Lau held senior management positions in several companies whose shares are listed
on the Stock Exchange and worked in an international accounting firm.

Mr. Lau is a practising member of Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants, a fellow member of The
Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales, a chartered tax adviser and an associate member of
The Taxation Institute of Hong Kong. Mr. Lau is also an associate member of each of The Hong Kong Chartered
Governance Institute (formerly The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries) and Chartered Governance
Institute (formerly The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators) in the United Kingdom.

Mr. Lau holds a master’s degree in business administration and a bachelor’s degree in accountancy from The
Hong Kong Polytechnic University.

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. Zhang Jizhong（張紀中）, aged 72, is our independent non-executive Director and a member of the audit and
nomination committee of the Board. He joined our Group in June 2020. He completed his certificate in drama
and literature, majoring in television drama directing, from The Central Academy Of Drama（中央戲劇學院）in
Beijing, China in January 1990.

Mr. Zhang has extensive experience as a TV series producer, including producing:

•     The People’s Policeman（有這樣一個民警）, which was awarded First-Class TV Special at the 10th Flying
      Apsaras Awards（飛天獎）in 1990;

•     The Legend of the Condor Heroes（射雕英雄傳）, which won the Gold Prize for Sina’s 2003 Most Popular
      TV Series;

•    Demi-Gods and Semi-Devils（天龍八部）, which won the Feature TV Series Excellence Award（長篇連續劇
     （優秀獎））at the 22nd China TV Golden Eagle Awards（中國電視金鷹獎）, Best Period Drama（最佳古裝
     電視劇）at the 1st TV Fengyun Celebrations（首屆電視劇風雲盛典）, each in 2004; and

•     The Return of the Condor Heroes（神鵰俠侶）, for which he was awarded Best Producer at the 3rd TV
      Drama Fengyun Festival（第三屆電視劇風雲盛典）in 2007.

Mr. Zhang’s personal contributions and achievements have also been recognized with his receipt of an
Outstanding Contributions Award（突出貢獻人物）at the China TV Drama Industry 20th Industry Heroes
Celebrations（中國電視劇產業 20 年群英盛典）in 2011, the Special Contributions Award（特殊貢獻獎）at the 5th
Shanghai University Student TV Festival Award Ceremony（五屆上海大學生電視節頒獎典禮）in 2012 and the
National Deyi Shuangxin Lifetime Achievement Award（全國德藝雙馨終身成就獎）at the 11th Deyi Shaugnxin
Award Ceremony（第 11 屆德藝雙馨頒獎盛典）in 2015.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2023   37
     DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




     Mr. Lee Cheuk Yin Dannis（李卓然）, aged 53, is our independent non-executive Director, and chairperson of
     the audit committee and member of the remuneration and nomination committees of the Board. He joined our
     Group in June 2020. Mr. Lee received a bachelor of business administration from Texas A&M University, United
     States in August 1992, and has been a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants since
     April 1995 and an associate member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants since June
     1996.

     Mr. Lee has served as the managing director of DLK Advisory Limited, a company engaged in financial advisory
     and investment consulting services, since October 2009. Mr. Lee has been an independent non-executive
     director of Tiangong International Company Limited (stock code: 826.HK) since September 2010, of CMBC
     Capital Holdings Limited (stock code: 1141.HK) since June 2017, of C&D Property Management Group Co., Ltd
     (stock code: 2156.HK) since December 2020 and of Luen Thai Holdings Limited (stock code: 311.HK) since May
     2023, respectively. He was an independent non-executive director of Meilleure Health International Industry
     Group Limited (formerly U-Home Group Holdings Limited) (stock code: 2327.HK) from August 2013 to October
     2015, of Southern Energy Holdings Group Limited (stock code: 1573.HK) from June 2016 to October 2019, and of
     Geely Automobile Holdings Limited (stock code: 175.HK) from June 2002 to May 2022, respectively. Mr. Lee was
     also an independent director of Gridsum Holding Inc. (NASDAQ: GSUM) from April 2019 to March 2021.

     Save as disclosed above, as at the date of this report, Mr. Lee did not hold any directorship in any other public
     companies with securities of which are listed on any securities market in Hong Kong or overseas in the last
     three years.

     Mr. Huang Yu（黃煜）, aged 67, is our independent non-executive Director, and the chairperson of the
     remuneration committee and member of the audit committee of the Board. He joined our Group in June 2020.
     Mr. Huang received his bachelor’s degree in journalism from the Renmin University of China in July 1986 and his
     PhD in communications from the University of Westminster in London, United Kingdom in June 1993.

     Mr. Huang has served as a professor in Beijing Normal University-Hong Kong Baptist University United
     International College, Zhuhai, Guangdong, China since February 2024. Mr. Huang retired from the dean of the
     School of Communication of Hong Kong Baptist University from September 2022. During his tenure with Hong
     Kong Baptist University from 1994 to 2022, Mr. Huang took up numerous leadership roles including head of
     the Department of Journalism (2006-2011), director of the Institute for Journalism and Society (2007-2014),
     associate and acting dean (2010-2013) and dean (April 2013 to August 2022) of the School of Communication.
     Mr. Huang was awarded the HKBU President’s Award for Outstanding Performance in Service in 2011.




38   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                                        DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Mr. Pu Shulin, Ms. Jacqueline Luo, Mr. Wu Ye and Mr. Lau Chi Hung are executive Directors. See “Executive
directors” for their biographies.

Mr. Chen Simeng（陳思蒙）, aged 43, is deputy-secretary of the party committee and pro-vice-chancellor of
CUCN. Mr Chen joined our Group in August 2005. Mr. Chen has served a number of other positions at CUCN,
including as secretary of the party committee from May 2018 to December 2022, deputy-secretary of the party
committee from October 2016 to April 2018, secretary of the party branch committee of the school of animation
and digital art from September 2015 to October 2016, a director of the student recruitment office from October
2010 to September 2015, assistant to the director of the department of academic affairs and a director of the
graduate employment and career counseling center from September 2008 to October 2010 and an officer of the
department of academic affairs, responsible for student management from August 2005 to September 2008.

Mr. Chen received his bachelor’s degree in management in June 2005 and his master’s degree in radio and
television arts in July 2010, both from CUC in Beijing, China. He was awarded his Teacher Qualification
Certificate by the Department of Education of Jiangsu Province（江蘇省教育廳） in June 2006 and was
recognized as a career counselor by the Human Resources and Social Security Department of Hubei Province
（湖北省人力資源和社會保障廳）in September 2010. He obtained the title as assistant researcher, associate
researcher and researcher in November 2010, in 2018 and 2023, respectively.

COMPANY SECRETARY
Mr. Lau Chi Hung is our company secretary and an executive Director. See “Executive Directors” for his
biography.

CHANGES TO DIRECTORS’ INFORMATION
There has been no change to the information of the Directors which is required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule
13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules subsequent to the publication of the interim report of the Company for the six
months ended 30 June 2023.

DISCLOSURE UNDER RULE 8.10 OF THE LISTING RULES
Save and except for the interests of our Controlling Shareholders in our Company and its subsidiaries, during
the year ended 31 December 2023, neither our Controlling Shareholders nor any of our Directors had any
interest in a business, apart from the business of our Group, which competes or is likely to compete, directly or
indirectly, with our business, which would require disclosure under Rule 8.10 of the Listing Rules.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2023   39
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     The Board is pleased to present the corporate governance report for the Company for the year ended 31
     December 2023.

     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CULTURE AND PURPOSE
     The Company is committed to ensuring that its affairs are conducted in accordance with high ethical standards.
     This reflects its belief that, in the achievement of its long-term objectives, it is imperative to act with probity,
     transparency and accountability. By so acting, the Company believes that Shareholder wealth will be maximised
     in the long term and that its employees, those with whom it does business and the communities in which it
     operates will all benefit.

     Corporate governance is the process by which the Board instructs management of the Group to conduct
     its affairs with a view to ensuring that its objectives are met. The Board is committed to maintaining and
     developing robust corporate governance practices that are intended to ensure:

     –      satisfactory and sustainable returns to Shareholders;

     –      that the interests of those who deal with the Company are safeguarded;

     –      that overall business risk is understood and managed appropriately;

     –      the delivery of high-quality products and services to the satisfaction of customers; and

     –      that high standards of ethics are maintained.

     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
     The Board is committed to achieving high standards of corporate governance which are crucial to the
     Company’s development and safeguard the interests of Shareholders. Good corporate governance standards
     are essential in providing a framework for the Group to enhance corporate value, formulate its business
     strategies and policies, and enhance its transparency and accountability. In order to accomplish this, the
     Company has adopted the principles and code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code as the basis of the
     Company’s corporate governance practices after the Listing.

     The Company has in place a corporate governance framework and has established a set of policies and
     procedures based on the Corporate Governance Code. Such policies and procedures provide the infrastructure
     for enhancing the Board’s ability to implement governance and exercise proper oversight on business conduct
     and affairs of the Company.




40   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE
The Board is of the view that for the year ended 31 December 2023, the Company has complied with all the
applicable code provisions set out in the Corporate Governance Code, save for the following deviations set out
below, which are explained and disclosed in this corporate governance report.

Code provision C.2.1 of the Corporate Governance Code recommends, but does not require, that the roles of
chairperson and chief executive should be separate and should not be performed by the same person. Mr. Pu
performs both the roles of the chairperson of the Board and the chief executive officer of the Company. Mr. Pu
is the founder of the Group and has extensive experience in the business operations and management of the
Group. The Board believes that vesting the roles of both chairperson of the Board and chief executive officer
in Mr. Pu has the benefit of ensuring consistent leadership within the Group and enables more effective and
efficient overall strategic planning. This structure will enable the Company to make and implement decisions
promptly and effectively.

The Board considers that the balance of power and authority will not be impaired due to this arrangement. In
addition, all major decisions are made in consultation with members of the Board, including the relevant Board
committees, and three independent non-executive Directors. The Board will reassess the division of the roles
of chairperson of the Board and the chief executive officer from time-to-time, and may recommend dividing the
two roles between different people in the future, taking into account the circumstances of the Group as a whole.

COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS
The Company has adopted the Management Trading of Securities Policy (the “Code”), with terms no less
exacting than the Model Code, as its own securities dealing code to regulate all dealings by Directors and
relevant employees of securities in the Company and other matters covered by the Code.

Specific enquiry has been made of all the Directors and the relevant employees and they have confirmed that
they have complied with the Code during the year ended 31 December 2023 and up to the date of this report.

There has been no non-compliance with the required standard set out in the Corporate Governance Code.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Company is headed by an effective Board which assumes responsibility for its leadership and control and
be collectively responsibility for promoting the Company’s success by directing and supervising the Company’s
affairs. Directors take decisions objectively in the best interests of the Company.

The Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements
of the Company’s business and regularly reviews the contribution required from a Director to perform his
responsibilities to the Company and whether the Director is spending sufficient time performing them that are
commensurate with their role and the Board responsibilities. The Board includes a balanced composition of
executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors so that there is a strong independent element on
the Board, which can effectively exercise independent judgement.

BOARD COMPOSITION
The Board currently comprises seven members consisting of four executive Directors and three independent
non-executive Directors.

During the year ended 31 December 2023 and up to the date of this report, the composition of the Board
comprises the following Directors:




                                                                                              Annual Report 2023   41
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Executive Directors
     Pu Shulin (Chairperson of the Board, chief executive officer of the Company, chairperson of nomination
     committee, member of remuneration committee)
     Jacqueline Luo (appointed on 27 June 2023)
     Wu Ye
     Yan Xiang (resigned on 27 June 2023)
     Lau Chi Hung

     Independent non-executive Directors
     Zhang Jizhong (member of audit and nomination committees)
     Lee Cheuk Yin Dannis (Chairperson of audit committee and member of nomination and remuneration
     committees)
     Huang Yu (Chairperson of remuneration committee and member of audit committee)

     The biographical information of the Directors is disclosed under “Directors and Senior Management” on pages
     36 to 38 of this annual report.

     Ms. Jacqueline Luo, our executive Director, is the spouse of Mr. Pu, our executive Director, chairperson of the
     Board and chief executive officer of the Company. Save as disclosed above, there are no material/relevant
     relationships (including financial, business, family) between members of the Board.

     Mr. Yan Xiang has tendered his resignation from an executive Director with effect from 27 June 2023 due to
     his desire to devote more time to the teaching duties and responsibilities of our University. Please refer to the
     announcement of the Company dated 27 June 2023 for further details.

     BOARD MEETING AND COMMITTEE MEETINGS
     Code provision C.5.1 of the Corporate Governance Code stipulates that the Board should meet regularly and
     board meetings should be held at least four times a year at approximately quarterly intervals, involving active
     participation, either in person or through electronic means of communication, of a majority of Directors.

     Notice of regular Board meetings is given to all Directors at least 14 days in advance, and reasonable notice is
     generally given for other Board meetings.

     If a Director or any of his associates has a material interest in a transaction, that Director is required to abstain
     from voting and not to be counted in the quorum at the meeting for approving the transaction.

     During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Board held 5 board meetings, of which 4 were regular board
     meetings.




42   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                                                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




A summary of the attendance record of the Directors at Board meetings and committee meetings is set out in
the following table below:

                                                                    Number of meeting(s) attended/Number of meeting(s) held
                                                 Annual general                Board            Audit Remuneration          Nomination
Director                                               meeting              meeting         committee       committee        committee
Pu Shulin                                                     0/1                2/5               N/A               1/3                1/2
Jacqueline Luo(1)                                             0/1                2/5               N/A               N/A                N/A
Wu Ye                                                         1/1                5/5               N/A               N/A                N/A
Yan Xiang(2)                                                  1/1                3/5               N/A               N/A                N/A
Lau Chi Hung                                                  1/1                5/5               N/A               N/A                N/A
Zhang Jizhong                                                 0/1                4/5               1/3               N/A                2/2
Lee Cheuk Yin Dannis                                          1/1                5/5               3/3               3/3                2/2
Huang Yu                                                      1/1                5/5               3/3               3/3                N/A

Notes:

(1)        Ms. Jacqueline Luo was appointed as the executive Director with effect from 27 June 2023. She attended all of the two Board meetings
           held during the period from her appointment and up to 31 December 2023.

(2)        Mr. Yan Xiang resigned as the executive Director with effect from 27 June 2023. He attended all of the three Board meetings and the
           annual general meeting held before his resignation during the Reporting Period.


Apart from regular Board meetings, the chairperson of the Board also held meetings with the independent
non-executive Directors without the presence of other Directors during the year ended 31 December 2023.

The independent non-executive Directors have attended general meeting of the Company to gain and develop a
balanced understanding of the view of the Shareholders.

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
The Company has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors an annual confirmation of
independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and considers each of the independent non-executive
Directors to be independent.

During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Board has at all times met the requirements of the Listing Rules
relating to the appointment of at least three independent non-executive Directors, representing one-third of the
Board with one of whom possessing appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial
management expertise.

APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
Code provision B.2.2 of the Corporate Governance Code stipulates that every Director, including those
appointed for a specific term, should be subject to re-election and that all directors appointed to fill a casual
vacancy should be subject to election by shareholders at the first general meeting after appointment and that
every director, including those appointed for a specific term, should be subject to retirement by rotation at least
once every three years.




                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2023       43
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Article 118(a) of the Articles of Association of the Company stipulates that at each annual general meeting, one
     third of the Directors for the time being shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director shall be
     subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. However, if the number of Directors is not three
     or a multiple of three, then the number nearest to but not less than one third shall be the number of retiring
     Directors. Article 118(b) of the Articles of Association of the Company also stipulates that any Director who has
     not been subject to retirement by rotation in the three years preceding the annual general meeting shall retire
     by rotation at such annual general meeting. Any further Directors to retire in each year shall be those who have
     been longest in office since their last re-election or appointment and so that as between persons who became
     or were last re-elected Directors on the same day those to retire shall (unless they otherwise agree among
     themselves) be determined by lot.

     Article 122 of the Articles of Association of the Company stipulates that any Director appointed by the
     Board to fill a casual vacancy shall hold office only until the first general meeting of the Company after their
     appointment and be subject to re-election at such meeting. Article 122 also stipulates that any Director
     appointed by the Board as an addition to the existing Board shall hold office only until the next following annual
     general meeting of the Company and shall then be eligible for re-election. Any Director appointed under Article
     122 shall not be taken into account in determining the Directors or the number of Directors who are to retire by
     rotation at an annual general meeting.

     Each of our independent non-executive Directors has entered into an appointment letter with our Company.
     The term of office of our independent non-executive Directors is three years or until the third annual general
     meeting of our Company since the Listing Date (whichever is sooner).

     RESPONSIBILITIES, ACCOUNTABILITIES AND CONTRIBUTIONS OF THE BOARD AND
     MANAGEMENT
     The Board is the primary decision-making body of the Company and is responsible for overseeing the Group’s
     businesses, strategic decisions and performance and is collectively responsible for promoting the success of
     the Company by directing and supervising its affairs. The Board makes decisions objectively in the interests
     of the Company. All Directors, including independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide spectrum
     of valuable business experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and effective
     functioning. The independent non-executive Directors are responsible for ensuring a high standard of
     regulatory reporting of the Company and providing a balance in the Board for bringing effective independent
     judgement on corporate actions and operations. All Directors have full and timely access to all the information
     of the Company and may, upon request, seek independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances,
     at the Company’s expenses for discharging their duties to the Company. The Group’s senior management is
     responsible for the day-to-day management of the Group’s business and is responsible for overseeing the
     general operation, business development, finance, marketing, and operations.

     All Directors have full and timely access to all the information of the Company and may, upon request, seek
     independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expenses for discharging their
     duties to the Company.

     The Board reserves for its decision all major matters relating to policy matters, strategies and budgets, internal
     control and risk management, material transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests),
     financial information, appointment of directors and other significant operational matters of the Company.
     Responsibilities relating to implementing decisions of the Board, directing and co-ordinating the daily
     operation and management of the Company are delegated to the management, under the supervision of Mr. Pu
     for the Group’s business development and strategic planning, with the advisory roles taken by Ms. Luo, Mr. Wu
     and Mr. Lau on strategic development and financial planning of the Group respectively.




44   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The Company has arranged appropriate insurance coverage on Directors’ and officers’ liabilities in respect
of any legal actions taken against Directors and senior management arising out of corporate activities. The
insurance coverage would be reviewed on an annual basis.

BOARD COMMITTEES
The Board has established three committees, namely, the audit committee, the remuneration committee
and the nomination committee, for overseeing particular aspects of the Company’s affairs. Each of these
committees is established with defined written terms of reference. The terms of reference of the Board
committees are available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.

Audit committee
The Company has established an audit committee with written terms of reference in compliance with Rule 3.21
of the Listing Rules and the Corporate Governance Code.

The main duties of the audit committee are to assist the Board in reviewing the financial information and
reporting process, risk management and internal control systems, effectiveness of the internal audit function,
scope of audit and appointment of external auditors, and arrangements to enable employees of the Company
to raise concerns about possible improprieties in financial reporting, internal control or other matters of the
Company, including but not limited to reviewing and approving connected transactions and providing advice and
comments to the Board.

The audit committee comprises of three independent non-executive Directors, being Mr. Lee Cheuk Yin Dannis,
Mr. Zhang Jizhong and Mr. Huang Yu, with Mr. Lee Cheuk Yin Dannis (the independent non-executive Director
with the appropriate professional qualifications) as chairperson of the audit committee.

During the year ended 31 December 2023, 3 audit committee meetings were held to discuss the audit plan
with auditors, review the annual results for the year ended 31 December 2022 and interim results of the
Group for the six months ended 30 June 2023, recommend the financial results and reports of the Company
for the Board’s approval. During these meetings, the audit committee also reviewed continuing connected
transactions, financial reporting system, policies and practice, internal controls, risk management, anti-
corruption and whistleblowing policy of the Group.

Remuneration committee
The Company established a remuneration committee with written terms of reference in compliance with Rule
3.25 of the Listing Rules and the Corporate Governance Code.

The primary duties of the remuneration committee are to review and make recommendations to the Board
on the terms of remuneration packages, bonuses and other compensation payable to our Directors and
other senior management. The remuneration committee is also responsible for (i) establishing transparent
procedures for developing remuneration policy and structure to ensure that no Director or any of their
associates will participate in deciding their own remuneration, and (ii) reviewing and/or approving matters
relating to share schemes under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules, including any grants of options or awards to
Directors or senior management, and to make disclosure and give explanation on the appropriateness to such
material matters (if any) being approved in the corporate governance report.

The remuneration committee comprises of one executive Director and two independent non-executive
Directors, being Mr. Huang Yu, Mr. Pu Shulin and Mr. Lee Cheuk Yin Dannis, with Mr. Huang Yu as chairperson of
the remuneration committee.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2023   45
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     The remuneration committee has adopted the second model described in code provision E.1.2(c) of the
     Corporate Governance Code (i.e. make recommendation to the Board on the remuneration packages of
     individual executive Directors and senior management members of the Company).

     During the year ended 31 December 2023, 3 remuneration committee meetings were held to review the
     remuneration of directors and senior management of comparable companies, make recommendation to
     the Board on remuneration policy and the remuneration packages of all Directors and senior management
     members of the Company, review the grant of share options to an employee of the Group pursuant to the
     Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and approve the terms of the Director’s service contract in relation to the
     appointment of an executive Director.

     Details of the remuneration paid or payable to each Director for the year ended 31 December 2023 are set out in
     note 13 to the consolidated financial statements.

     The remuneration of the members of senior management of the Company who are neither a Director nor chief
     executive of the Company by band for the year ended 31 December 2023 is set out below:

                                                                                          Number of members of
                                                                                            senior management
     RMB0 to RMB1,000,000                                                                                       1


     Remuneration policy
     The Company’s remuneration policy is to ensure that the remuneration offered to employees, including
     Directors and senior management, is based on skill, knowledge, responsibilities and involvement in the
     Company’s affairs. The remuneration packages of executive Directors and senior management are also
     determined with reference to the Company’s performance and profitability, the prevailing market conditions
     and the performance or contribution of each executive Director. The remuneration for the executive Directors
     and senior management comprises basic salary, pensions and discretionary bonus. Directors and senior
     management are entitled to receive share options and share awards to be granted under the Company’s share
     option scheme and share award scheme. The remuneration policy for independent non-executive Directors is
     to ensure that independent non-executive Directors are adequately compensated for their efforts and time
     dedicated to the Company’s affairs, including their participation in Board committees. The remuneration for
     the independent non-executive Directors mainly comprises Director’s fee which is determined with reference
     to their duties and responsibilities by the Board. Individual Directors and senior management have not been
     involved in deciding their own remuneration.

     Nomination committee
     The Company has established a nomination committee with written terms of reference in compliance with the
     Corporate Governance Code.

     The primary duties of the nomination committee are to review the structure, size and composition of the
     Board, to develop and formulate relevant procedures for the nomination and appointment of Directors, to
     assess independence of independent non-executive Directors, to make recommendations to our Board on
     the appointment of Directors and management of Board succession, and to assess the independence of
     independent non-executive Directors.

     The nomination committee comprises one executive Director and two independent non-executive Directors,
     being Mr. Pu Shulin, Mr. Zhang Jizhong and Mr. Lee Cheuk Yin Dannis, with Mr. Pu Shulin as chairperson of the
     nomination committee.




46   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Nomination Committee held 2 meetings to (i) review the
structure, size and composition of the Board, (ii) assess the independence of the independent non-executive
Directors, (iii) consider the qualifications of the retiring Directors standing for re-election at the Annual
General Meeting, (iv) review the Board Diversity Policy and Director Nomination Policy, and (v) consider and
recommend to the Board on the appointment of an executive Director. The Nomination Committee considered
an appropriate balance of diversity perspectives of the Board is maintained.

BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY
The Company adopted a board diversity policy on 22 June 2020 which sets out the approach to achieve diversity
of the Board. The Company recognises and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board and sees increasing
diversity at the Board level, including gender diversity, as an essential element in maintaining the Company’s
competitive advantage and enhancing its ability to attract, retain and motivate employees from the widest
possible pool of available talent.

Pursuant to the board diversity policy, the nomination committee reviews regularly the structure, size and
composition of the Board and where appropriate, make recommendations on changes to the Board to
complement the Company’s corporate strategy and to ensure that the Board maintains a balanced diverse
profile. In relation to reviewing and assessing the Board composition, the nomination committee is committed
to diversity at all levels and will consider a number of aspects, including but not limited to gender, age,
cultural and educational background, professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and regional and industry
experience.

The Company aims to maintain an appropriate balance of diversity perspectives that are relevant to the
Company’s business growth and is also committed to ensuring that recruitment and selection practices at
all levels (from the Board downwards) are appropriately structured so that a diverse range of candidates are
considered.

For the purpose of implementation of the board diversity policy, the following measurable objectives were
adopted:

(A)   at least one member of the Board shall be female;

(B)   at least one-third of the members of the Board shall be independent non-executive Directors;

(C)   at least one member of the Board shall have obtained accounting or other professional qualifications;
      and

(D)   at least three members of the Board shall have more than 10 years of experience in the industry he/she
      is specialised in education and television and film production and investment.

As at 31 December 2023, the Board comprises seven Directors, one of which is female. The Board targets to
maintain at least the current level of female representation, with the ultimate goal of achieving gender diversity.
The Company will continue to take steps to further promote gender diversity at all levels of the Group, including
but not limited to the Board and management level. The Company also seeks to ensure that there is gender
diversity when recruiting staff at mid to senior level so that it will have a pipeline of female senior management
and potential successors to the Board in due time to ensure gender diversity of the Board.

The nomination committee will review the diversity policy periodically to ensure its effectiveness and will
recommend revisions to the Board for consideration and approval as appropriate.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023   47
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     The nomination committee will report annually a summary of this policy and, where applicable, measurable
     objectives that the Board has adopted for implementation of this policy and the progress made towards
     achieving these objectives in the Company’s corporate governance report.

     As of the date of this report, the Company had a total of seven Directors. There is a diverse mix of educational
     background and professional experience. The nomination committee has reviewed the diversity policy and
     considers that, appropriate balance has been stricken among the Board members in terms of skills, experience
     and perspectives.

     WORKFORCE DIVERSITY
     The Company values gender diversity across all levels of the Group. The Board is committed to improving
     greater gender diversity in the Board, senior management and other employees of the Group. The Board had
     targeted to achieve at least one female Director, one female senior management and 50% of female employees
     of the Group and considers that the above gender diversity is satisfactory.

     Details on the gender information of the Group together with relevant data can be found on pages 31, 32 and 44
     of the Environmental, Social and Governance Report.

     As at 31 December 2023, approximately 56% of the total 2,193 employees of the Group, representing 1,227,
     were female employees (including management staff), with a higher female employee base driven by our
     higher education (media and arts) business. The Group has a strong focus on promoting gender diversity in
     the workforce, having set an overall gender diversity target of at least 50% female representation across the
     organization. To support the achievement of these targets, specific initiatives have included a review of the
     recruitment process, with job descriptions and postings amended to motivate a broader applicant pool, as well
     as changes to applicant screening and interviews. In addition, to support diversity across all facets, the Group is
     enhancing diversity and inclusion efforts through employee networks, mentoring programmes, equitable hiring
     practices, policies and awareness raising events and training for all employees to support inclusive behaviours.

     DIVIDEND POLICY
     In accordance with code provision F.1.1 of the Corporate Governance Code, the Company adopted a dividend
     policy (the “Dividend Policy”) on 22 June 2020, which outlines the principles and guidelines that the Company
     intends to apply in relation to the declaration, payment and distribution of dividends to the Shareholders.

     According to the Dividend Policy, subject to the Cayman Islands company law and the Articles of Association of
     the Company, the Board has absolute discretion on whether to declare and distribute dividends. Shareholders
     in general meeting may declare dividend but no dividend may be declared in excess of the amount
     recommended by the Board.

     The Board will take into consideration, if it decides to pay dividends, the Company’s future operations and
     earnings, capital requirements and surplus, cash flows, general financial condition, contractual restrictions
     and any other factors that the Board may consider relevant.

     The Company does not have a fixed dividend payout ratio. The Company currently intends to recommend
     dividends commensurate with the industry average level, while maintaining adequate reserves for its
     operations, expansion and future growth.




48   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




NOMINATION POLICY
In accordance with code provision E(d)(iii) of the Corporate Governance Code, the Company adopted a
nomination policy for nomination of directors (the “Director Nomination Policy”) on 22 June 2020. Such policy
ensures that the Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the
requirements of the Company’s business.

According to the Director Nomination Policy:

(i)     the ultimate responsibility for selection and appointment of Directors rests with the entire Board;

(ii)    the nomination committee shall identify, consider and recommend suitable individuals to the Board to
        consider and to make recommendations to the Shareholders of the Company for election of Directors at
        a general meeting either to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the Board;

(iii)   in assessing the suitability and the potential contribution to the Board of a proposed candidate,
        the nomination committee would reference, among others, the candidates’ reputation for integrity,
        professional qualifications and skills, accomplishment and experience in the private education sector,
        commitment in respect of available time and relevant interest, independence of proposed independent
        non-executive Directors; and diversity in all aspects; and

(iv)    the nomination committee shall make recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-
        appointment of Directors and succession planning for Directors.

The Director Nomination Policy also sets out the procedures for the selection and appointment of new directors
and re-election of Directors at general meetings.

In general, the nomination process of Director is as follows:

Appointment of New Director
(i)     The nomination committee and/or the Board may select candidates for directorship from various
        channels, including but not limited to internal promotion, re-designation, referral by other member of the
        management and external recruitment agents.

(ii)    The nomination committee and/or the Board should, upon receipt of the proposal on appointment of new
        Director and the biographical information (or relevant details) of the candidate, evaluate such candidate
        based on the criteria as set out above to determine whether such candidate is qualified for directorship.

(iii)   If the process yields one or more desirable candidates, the nomination committee and/or the Board
        should rank them by order of preference based on the needs of the Company and reference check of
        each candidate (where applicable).

(iv)    The nomination committee should then recommend to the Board to appoint the appropriate candidate
        for directorship, as applicable.

(v)     For any person that is nominated by a Shareholder for election as a Director at the general meeting of
        the Company, the nomination committee and/or the Board should evaluate such candidate based on the
        criteria as set out above to determine whether such candidate is qualified for directorship.

Where appropriate, the nomination committee and/or the Board should make recommendation to Shareholders
in respect of the proposed election of Director at the general meeting.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2023   49
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     During the year ended 31 December 2023, the nomination committee recommended to the Board the
     appointment of a new executive Director, namely Ms. Jacqueline Luo. The appointment was subject to a
     stringent nomination process in accordance with the Director Nomination Policy and the board diversity policy,
     to ensure the Board possesses the necessary skills, experience and knowledge in alignment with the Company’s
     strategy and a diversity of gender.

     Re-election of Director at General Meeting
     (i)     The nomination committee and/or the Board should review the overall contribution and service to the
             Company of the retiring Director and the level of participation and performance on the Board.

     (ii)    The nomination committee and/or the Board should also review and determine whether the retiring
             Director continues to meet the criteria as set out above.

     (iii)   The nomination committee and/or the Board should then make recommendation to Shareholders in
             respect of the proposed re-election of Director at the general meeting.

     Where the Board proposes a resolution to elect or re-elect a candidate as Director at the general meeting,
     the relevant information of the candidate will be disclosed in the circular to Shareholders and/or explanatory
     statement accompanying the notice of the relevant general meeting in accordance with the Listing Rules and/or
     applicable laws and regulations.

     The nomination committee will report annually a summary of this policy including the nomination procedures,
     criteria for selection, the diversity policy and, where applicable, the measurable objectives adopted and the
     progress made towards achieving these objectives, in the Company’s corporate governance report.

     The nomination committee will review the Director Nomination Policy from time to time, as appropriate, to
     ensure its effectiveness.

     BOARD INDEPENDENCE EVALUATION
     The Company has established a board independence evaluation mechanism (the “Board Independence
     Evaluation Mechanism”) which sets out the processes and procedures to ensure a strong independent
     element on the Board, which allows the Board effectively exercises independent judgment to better safeguard
     Shareholders’ interests.

     Under the Board Independence Evaluation Mechanism, independent views and input are available to the
     Board. The Board has a balanced composition of executive and independent non-executive Directors, in
     which approximately half of the Board are independent non-executive Directors. Besides, the Directors are
     encouraged to seek independent professional advice in performing their duties at the Company’s expense; and
     to access and consult with the Company’s senior management independently, if necessary. The independent
     non-executive Directors are also encouraged to voice their views by individual communication with the
     chairperson of the Board.

     The objectives of the evaluation are to improve Board effectiveness, maximise strengths, and identify the
     areas that need improvement or further development. The evaluation process also clarifies what actions of the
     Company need to be taken to maintain and improve the Board performance, for instance, addressing individual
     training and development needs of each Director.

     Pursuant to the Board Independence Evaluation Mechanism, the Board will conduct annual review on its
     independence. The Board Independence Evaluation Report will be presented to the Board which will collectively
     discuss the results and the action plan for improvement, if appropriate.




50   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




During the year ended 31 December 2023, all Directors has completed the independence evaluation in the form
of a questionnaire individually. The Board Independence Evaluation Report was presented to the Board and the
evaluation results were satisfactory.

During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Board reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the
Board Independence Evaluation Mechanism and the results were satisfactory

WHISTLEBLOWING PROCEDURES AND ANTI-CORRUPTION POLICIES SYSTEM
The Company has in place the whistleblowing policy and system for employees of the Company and those who
deal with the Company to raise concerns, in confidence and anonymity, with the audit committee about possible
improprieties in any matters related to the Company.

The Company has also in place the anti-corruption policy to safeguard against corruption and bribery within
the Company. The Company has an internal reporting channel that is open and available for employees of
the Company to report any suspected corruption and bribery. Employees can also make anonymous reports
to the audit committee, which is responsible for investigating the reported incidents and taking appropriate
measures. The Company continues to carry out anti-corruption and anti-bribery activities to cultivate a culture
of integrity, and actively organizes anti-corruption training and inspections to ensure the effectiveness of anti-
corruption and anti-bribery.

CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT OF DIRECTORS
Directors shall keep abreast of regulatory developments and changes in order to effectively perform their
responsibilities and to ensure that their contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant.

Every newly appointed Director has received a formal and comprehensive induction on the first occasion of
his/her appointment to ensure appropriate understanding of the business and operations of the Company and
full awareness of Director’s responsibilities and obligations under the Listing Rules and relevant statutory
requirements.

Directors should participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge
and skills. Internally-facilitated briefings for Directors would be arranged and reading material on relevant
topics would be provided to Directors where appropriate.

During the year ended 31 December 2023, the key methods of attaining continuous professional development
by each of the Directors are recognised as follows:

Director                                                                Attended training session           Reading materials
Pu Shulin                                                                                           ✓                        ✓
Jacqueline Luo(1)                                                                                   ✓                        ✓
Wu Ye                                                                                               ✓                        ✓
Yan Xiang(2)                                                                                        ✓                        ✓
Lau Chi Hung                                                                                        ✓                        ✓
Zhang Jizhong                                                                                       ✓                        ✓
Lee Cheuk Yin Dannis                                                                                ✓                        ✓
Huang Yu                                                                                            ✓                        ✓

Notes:

(1)      Ms. Jacqueline Luo was appointed as executive Director with effect from 27 June 2023.

(2)      Mr. Yan Xiang resigned as executive Director with effect from 27 June 2023.




                                                                                                               Annual Report 2023   51
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY IN RESPECT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the financial statements of the Company for the
     year ended 31 December 2023.

     The Directors have prepared the financial statements in accordance with the Hong Kong Financial Reporting
     Standards issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Appropriate accounting policies
     have also been used and applied consistently except the adoption of revised standards, amendments to
     standards and interpretation.

     The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast
     significant doubt upon the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements of the
     Company are prepared on a going concern basis, the Directors are of the view that they give a true and fair view
     of the financial position, performance and cash flow of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023, and the
     disclosure of other financial information and report therein complies with relevant legal requirements.

     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTION
     The Board is responsible for performing the functions set out in the code provision A.2.1 of the Corporate
     Governance Code.

     During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Board reviewed and monitored the Company’s policies and
     practices on corporate governance, training and continuous professional development of directors and senior
     management, the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, and
     the Company’s compliance with the Corporate Governance Code and disclosure in this Corporate Governance
     Report.

     RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
     The risk management and internal control systems and accounting system of the Group are aimed at identifying
     and evaluating the Group’s risk, formulate risk mitigation strategies, providing reasonable assurance that
     assets are safeguarded against unauthorised use or disposition, transactions are executed in accordance
     with management’s authorisation, and the accounting records are reliable for preparing financial information
     used within the business for publication, maintaining accountability for assets and liabilities and ensuring the
     business operations are in accordance with relevant legislation, regulations and internal guidelines.

     The Group’s risk management and internal control system is embedded within our business processes so that
     it functions as an integral part of the overall operation of the Group. The system comprises a comprehensive
     organisation structure with assignment of definite accountabilities and delegation of corresponding authorities
     to each post. Based on our organization structure, a reporting system has been developed including reporting
     channels from division heads of business units to the Board.

     The Group has a defined organisational structure with clear defined lines of responsibility and authority. Each
     department is accountable for its daily operations and is required to report to executive Directors on a regular
     basis. Policies and procedures are set for each department, which includes establishing and maintaining
     effective policies to enhance risks identification to which the Group are exposed and taking appropriate
     action to manage such risks, establishing a structure with defined authorities and proper segregation of
     duties; monitoring the strategic plan and performance; designing an effective accounting and information
     system; controlling price sensitive information; and ensuring swift actions and timely communication with our
     stakeholders.




52   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The Board acknowledges that it is the responsibility of the Board for maintaining an adequate internal control
system to safeguard shareholders investments and the Group’s assets and reviewing the effectiveness of such
system on an annual basis. The Board also clarifies that the system is purported to manage, but not eliminate,
the risk of failure to fulfil business objectives, and can only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance
against material misstatement or loss.

The Board is responsible for evaluating and determining the nature and extent of the risks it is willing to
take in achieving the Group’s strategic objectives, and ensuring that the Group establishes and maintains
appropriate and effective risk management and internal control systems. The Board oversees risk management
functions directly and also through the audit committee and the senior management. The senior management
is responsible for the overall implementation of risk management and internal control plans and policies
determined by the Board and managing the risks in connection with all of the Group’s business operations.

The Group has designated staff to carry out internal audit function on the Group’s operational and financial
matters under the supervision of senior management. In addition, the Group has also engaged an independent
internal control and risk management consultancy firm to review the effectiveness of its internal control and
risk management of the Group annually and the internal control review report will be presented to the audit
committee and the Board. The Board, with the assistance of the audit committee and the independent internal
control and risk management consultancy firm, will review the effectiveness of the risk management and the
internal control systems of the Group, and review, among others, the adequacy of resources, qualifications and
experience of staff of the Group’s accounting and financial reporting function.

For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Board, with the assistance of the audit committee and the
independent internal control and risk management consultancy firm, conducted a review of the effectiveness
of the risk management and internal control systems on certain operations of the Group and no significant
internal control weakness was identified. The Board considered the risk management and the internal control
systems are effective and adequate for the year ended 31 December 2023, and the resources, qualifications
and experience of staff of the Group’s accounting and financial reporting function are sufficient.

INSIDE INFORMATION DISCLOSURE AND CONTROL MEASURES
The Board is responsible for the handling and dissemination of inside information. In order to ensure the
market and stakeholders are timely and fully informed about the material developments in the Company’s
business, the Board has adopted the inside information disclosure policy on 22 June 2020 regarding the
procedures of proper information disclosure.

From time to time, the Group has adopted certain regulatory measures as appropriate to prevent violation of the
disclosure requirements of the Group, including:

–     Only a limited number of personnel (mainly the senior management and Directors) have access to inside
      information upon request. Employees having access to the inside information are fully aware of their
      confidentiality responsibilities.

–     All employees (including the Directors of the Group) must strictly comply with the employment provisions
      regarding the administration of confidential information.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2023   53
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     The Group complies with the requirements of the SFO and the Listing Rules. The Group discloses inside
     information to the public as soon as reasonably practicable unless the information falls within the safe
     harbours as provided in the SFO. Before the information is fully disclosed to the public, the Group ensures
     the information is kept strictly confidential. If the Group believes that the necessary degree of confidentiality
     cannot be maintained or that confidentiality may have been breached, the Group would immediately
     disclose the information to the public. The Group is committed to ensuring that information contained in
     announcements or circulars is not false or misleading as to material facts, or false or misleading through
     the omission of material facts, and presenting information in a clear and balanced way, which requires equal
     disclosure of both positive and negative facts.

     COMPANY SECRETARY
     Mr. Lau Chi Hung is the company secretary of the Company and is responsible for advising the Board on
     corporate governance and board practices and matters, and ensuring that Board policy and procedures, and
     applicable laws, rules and regulations are followed.

     For the year ended 31 December 2023, Mr. Lau had undertaken not less than 15 hours of relevant professional
     training in compliance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.

     AUDITORS RESPONSIBILITY
     The Company appointed Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, Certified Public Accountants, Hong Kong as the external
     auditor for the year ended 31 December 2023. A statement by the auditors about their reporting responsibilities
     for the consolidated financial statements is included in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 65 to 69.

     AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION
     A breakdown of the remuneration in respect of audit and non-audit services provided by the auditor to the
     Company for the year ended 31 December 2023 is set out below:

                                                                                                 Fees paid/payable
     Service category                                                                                    (RMB’000)
     Annual audit                                                                                             3,202
     Interim review                                                                                             760


     SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
     To safeguard Shareholders’ interests and rights, a separate resolution is proposed for each substantially
     separate issue at general meetings, including the election of individual Directors. All resolutions put forward
     at general meetings will be voted on by poll pursuant to the Listing Rules and poll results will be posted on the
     websites of the Company and of the Stock Exchange after each general meeting.

     PROCEDURES FOR SHAREHOLDERS TO PROPOSE A PERSON FOR ELECTION AS A
     DIRECTOR
     Shareholders may propose a person for election as Director, the procedures for which are available on the
     Company’s website under “Investor relations – Corporate Governance”.




54   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




PROCEDURES FOR SHAREHOLDERS TO CONVENE AN EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL
MEETING
Pursuant to Article 71 of the Articles of Association, extraordinary general meetings shall be convened on the
requisition of one or more Shareholders holding, at the date of deposit of the requisition, not less than one
tenth of the voting rights, on a one vote per Share basis in the share capital of the Company. Such requisition
shall be made in writing to the Board or the secretary for the purpose of requiring an extraordinary general
meeting to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition. Such
meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition. If within 21 days of such deposit,
the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the requisitionist(s) themselves may do so in the same
manner, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall
be reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by the Company.

PUTTING FORWARD PROPOSALS AT GENERAL MEETINGS
The Board is not aware of any provisions allowing the Shareholders to put forward proposals at general
meetings of the Company under the Articles of Association and the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands.
Shareholders who wish to put forward proposals at general meetings may refer to the preceding paragraph to
make a written requisition to require the convening of an extraordinary general meeting of the Company.

PUTTING FORWARD ENQUIRIES TO THE BOARD
For putting forward any enquiries to the Board, Shareholders may send written enquiries to the Company. The
Company will not normally deal with verbal or anonymous enquiries.

CONTACT DETAILS
Shareholders may send their enquiries or requests as mentioned above to the following:

Address:     22/F, Tower 12, Wanda Plaza, No. 93 Jianguo Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing, China (For the
             attention of the Board of Directors)
Telephone:   +86-10-58205558
Fax:         +86-10-58205777
Email:       ir@cathaymedia.com

For the avoidance of doubt, Shareholder(s) must deposit and send the original duly signed written requisition,
notice or statement, or enquiry (as the case may be) to the above address and provide their full name, contact
details and identification in order to give effect thereto. The information of the Shareholder(s) may be disclosed
as required by law.

COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS
The Company considers effective communication with Shareholders is essential for enhancing investor
relations and investor understanding of the Group’s business performance and strategies. The Company
endeavors to maintain an on-going dialogue with Shareholders and in particular, through annual general
meetings and other general meetings. At annual general meetings, Directors (or their delegates as appropriate)
are available to meet Shareholders and answer their enquiries.

The Board adopted a shareholders’ communication policy on 22 June 2020 with reference to code provision L(b)
of the Corporate Governance Code. This is to ensure that Shareholders’ views and concerns are appropriately
addressed. The Board reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the Shareholders’ communication
policy and the results were satisfactory.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023   55
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     The Company has established a number of channels for maintaining an on-going dialogue with its Shareholders
     as follows:

     (a)   Corporate Communication

           “Corporate Communication” as defined under the Listing Rules refers to any document issued or to
           be issued by the Company for the information or action of holders of any of its securities, including
           but not limited to the following documents of the Company: (a) the Directors’ report, annual accounts
           together with a copy of the auditor’s report; (b) the interim report and; (c) a notice of meeting; (d) a listing
           document; (e) a circular; and (f) a proxy form. The Corporate Communication of the Company will be
           published on the Stock Exchange’s website (http://www.hkex.com.hk) in a timely manner as required by
           the Listing Rules.

     (b)   Announcements and Other Documents pursuant to the Listing Rules

           The Company shall publish announcements (on inside information, corporate actions and transactions
           etc.) and other documents (e.g. Memorandum and Articles of Association) on the Stock Exchange’s
           website in a timely manner in accordance with the Listing Rules.

     (c)   Corporate Website

           Any information or documents of the Company posted on the Stock Exchange’s website will also be
           published on the Company’s website (http://www.cathaymedia.com).

     (d)   Shareholders’ Meetings

           The annual general meeting and other general meetings of the Company are primary forum for
           communication between the Company and its Shareholders. The Company shall provide Shareholders
           with relevant information on the resolutions(s) proposed at a general meeting in a timely manner in
           accordance with the Listing Rules. The information provided shall be reasonably necessary to enable
           Shareholders to make an informed decision on the proposed resolution(s). Shareholders are encouraged
           to participate in general meetings or to appoint proxies to attend and vote at the meetings for and on
           their behalf if they are unable to attend the meetings. Where appropriate or required, the Chairman of
           the Board and other Board members, the chairmen of board committees or their delegates, and the
           external auditors should attend general meetings of the Company to answer Shareholders’ questions
           (if any). The chairman of the independent board committee (if any) should also be available to answer
           questions at any general meeting to approve a connected transaction or any other transaction that is
           subject to independent Shareholders’ approval.

     (e)   Other Investor Relations Communication Platforms

           Investor/analysts briefings, roadshows (both domestic and international), media interviews, marketing
           activities for investors and specialist industry forums etc. will be held on a required basis.




56   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




SIGNIFICANT CHANGES TO CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Company has adopted the Existing M&A by way of a special
resolution passed on 31 May 2023 and effective on the same date, in order to update with the latest changes in
the Listing Rules. For details of the Existing M&A, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 25
April 2023, and the circular of the Company dated 28 April 2023, respectively.

Save as disclosed above, there has been no change in the memorandum and articles of association of the
Company during year ended 31 December 2023. The Existing M&A is available on the websites of the Company
and the Stock Exchange.

On 1 March 2024, the Board announced the Proposed Change of Company Name and the proposed adoption
of the New M&A to reflect the Proposed Change of Name. Both the Proposed Change of Company Name and
the adoption of the New M&A are subject to, among other things, Shareholders’ approval at the extraordinary
general meeting of the Company to be held on 10 April 2024. Please refer to the Company’s announcement
dated 1 March 2024 and the circular of the Company dated 15 March 2024 for more details.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2023   57
     OTHER INFORMATION



     DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
     UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR ANY OF ITS ASSOCIATED
     CORPORATIONS
     As of 31 December 2023, the interests or short positions of the Directors and chief executives in the Shares,
     underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part
     XV of the SFO), which were required to be notified to our Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions
     7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which he/she is taken or deemed to have
     under such provisions of the SFO), or which were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered
     in the register referred to therein, or which were required, pursuant to the Model Code, to be notified to our
     Company and the Stock Exchange are set out below:

     Interest in our Company


                                                                                                       Number of               Approximate
     Name                                   Nature of interest                                    ordinary shares             % of interest(1)
     Mr. Pu                                 Founder of a discretionary trust                         1,176,670,000                      71.10%
     Ms. Jacqueline Luo(2)                  Interest of spouse                                       1,176,670,000                      71.10%
     Mr. Lau Chi Hung                       Beneficial owner                                               100,000                       0.00%

     Notes:

     (1)      The calculation is based on the total number of 1,654,937,000 Shares in issue as of 31 December 2023.

     (2)      Ms. Jacqueline Luo is the spouse of Mr. Pu, and she is deemed to be interested in the Shares in which Mr. Pu is interested under the
              SFO.


     Interest in associated corporations


                                                                                                             Number of
                                                                                                        shares/amount
                                                                                                        of contribution            Interest in
                                                                                                          to registered            associated
     Associated corporation             Name              Nature of interest                                    capital           corporation
     Cathay Media Holding Inc.          Mr. Pu   (1)
                                                          Interest in a controlled corporation                            1               100%

     Note:

     (1)      Ms. Jacqueline Luo is the spouse of Mr. Pu, and she is deemed to be interested in the shares in Cathay Media Holding Inc. in which Mr.
              Pu is interested.


     Save as disclosed above, as of 31 December 2023, so far as is known to any Director or the chief executives
     of the Company, none of the Directors nor the chief executives of the Company or their respective associate
     had any interest or short position in the Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or any of its
     associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) as recorded in the register required to be
     kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock
     Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.




58   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                                                                                   OTHER INFORMATION




SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES
As of 31 December 2023, the following persons (other than the Directors and chief executives whose interests
have been disclosed in this annual report) had an interest or short position in the Shares or underlying Shares
which would fall to be disclosed to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or as
recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company, pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO:

                                                                                                      Number of          Approximate %
Name of Shareholder                           Capacity/Nature of interest                        ordinary shares            of holding(1)
Mr. Pu(2)                                     Founder of a discretionary trust                      1,176,670,000                  71.10%
Ms. Jacqueline Luo(2)                         Interest of spouse                                    1,176,670,000                  71.10%
Cathay Media Holding Inc.(2)                  Beneficial owner                                      1,176,670,000                  71.10%
Media One International
   (PTC) Limited(2)                           Trustee                                               1,176,670,000                  71.10%
Winning Global Ventures Limited(2)            Interest in a controlled corporation                  1,176,670,000                  71.10%
Areo Holdings Limited                         Interest in a controlled corporation                     88,874,000                   5.37%
Highland Pines Limited                        Beneficial owner                                         88,874,000                   5.37%
Lam Lai Ming                                  Interest in a controlled corporation                     88,874,000                   5.37%
Li Gabriel                                    Interest in a controlled corporation                     88,874,000                   5.37%

Notes:

(1)      The calculation is based on the total number of 1,654,937,000 Shares in issue as of 31 December 2023.

(2)      Cathay Media Holding Inc. is wholly-owned by Winning Global Ventures Limited. Mr. Pu, as settlor, controls Winning Global Ventures
         Limited through a discretionary trust. Ms. Jacqueline Luo is the spouse of Mr. Pu, and she is deemed to be interested in the shares in
         Cathay Media Holding Inc. in which Mr. Pu is interested.


Save as disclosed above, as of 31 December 2023, no other person (other than the Directors and the chief
executives of the Company) had any interest or short position in the Shares or underlying Shares of the
Company as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO, or
as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange.

SHARE SCHEMES
The Company has two existing share schemes, namely the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme and the Post-IPO
Share Option Scheme, which were all adopted before the effective date of the new Chapter 17 of the Listing
Rules on 1 January 2023. The Company has complied and will continue to comply with the new Chapter 17 to
the extent required by the transitional arrangements for the existing share schemes.

10,000,000 new Shares, representing approximately 0.62% of the weighted average number of issued Shares
of the Company for the Reporting Period, may be issued in respect of all options granted during the Reporting
Period to eligible participants pursuant to the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme.

Further details and relevant breakdown of each of the share schemes of the Company are set out below:




                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2023        59
     OTHER INFORMATION




     (i)   Post-IPO Share Award Scheme
           The Post-IPO Share Award Scheme was conditionally adopted pursuant to the resolutions of the
           Shareholders on 22 June 2020.

           Purpose
           The purpose of the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme is to align the interests of eligible persons with those
           of our Group through ownership of Shares, dividends and other distributions paid on Shares and/or the
           increase in value of the Shares, and to encourage and retain eligible persons to make contributions to
           the long-term growth and profits of our Group.

           Eligible persons
           Any individual, being an employee, director, officer, consultant, adviser, distributor, contractor, customer,
           supplier, agent, business partner, joint venture business partner or service provider of any member of
           our Group or any affiliate (including nominees and/or trustees of any employee benefit trust established
           for them) who the Board or its delegate(s) considers, in its sole discretion, to have contributed or will
           contribute to our Group is eligible to receive an award.

           Maximum number of shares available for grant
           The maximum aggregate number of Shares underlying all grants made pursuant to the Post-IPO Share
           Award Scheme (excluding Shares which have been forfeited in accordance with the Share Award
           Scheme) will not exceed 32,000,000 Shares (representing approximately 2% of the total issued Shares
           as of the Listing Date) without further Shareholders’ approval (the “Share Award Scheme Limit”), subject
           to an annual limit of 1% of the total number of issued Shares of the relevant times. Save as otherwise
           restricted by the Share Award Scheme Limit or the Listing Rules, there shall be no limit on the total
           number of non-vested Shares that may be granted to a selected participant under the scheme.

           As of the 31 December 2023 and the date of this report, no Shares had been granted or agreed to
           be granted under the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme and therefore, (i) as at 1 January 2023 and
           31 December 2023, the total number of Award Shares available for grant under the Post-IPO Share
           Award Scheme was 32,000,000 Shares and 32,000,000 Shares, respectively and (ii) as at the date of this
           report, the total number of Shares available for issue was 32,000,000 new Shares, representing 1.93% of
           the issued Shares as at the date of this report.

           Maximum entitlement of a grantee
           There is no specific limit on the maximum number of shares which may be granted to a single eligible
           participant under the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme.

           Vesting period
           The Board or its delegate(s) may from time to time while the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme is in force
           and subject to all applicable laws, determine such vesting criteria and conditions or periods for the
           award to be vested.

           Consideration
           No consideration is required to be paid by the grantees for the grant of awards under the Post-IPO Share
           Award Scheme.




60   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                                                             OTHER INFORMATION




       Remaining life of the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme
       The Post-IPO Share Award Scheme shall be valid and effective for ten years from the Listing Date (after
       which no awards will be granted), and thereafter for so long as there are any non-vested Shares granted
       prior to the expiration of the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme, in order to give effect to the vesting of
       such Shares or otherwise as may be required in accordance with the rules of the Post-IPO Share Award
       Scheme. The remaining life of the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme is approximately 7 years.

       Further details of the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme are set out in the Prospectus.

(ii)   Post-IPO Share Option Scheme
       The Post-IPO Share Option Scheme was adopted pursuant to the written resolutions of the Shareholders
       passed on 22 June 2020.

       Purpose
       The purpose of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme is to provide eligible persons to the Post-IPO Share
       Option Scheme with the opportunity to acquire proprietary interests in our Company and to encourage
       the eligible person to work towards enhancing the value of our Company and our Shares for the benefit of
       our Company and Shareholders as a whole. The Post-IPO Share Option Scheme will provide our Company
       with a flexible means of retaining, incentivizing, rewarding, remunerating, compensating and/or providing
       benefits to eligible persons.

       Eligible persons
       Any individual, being an employee, director, officer, consultant, advisor, distributor, contractor, customer,
       supplier, agent, business partner, joint venture business partner or service provider of any member of our
       Group or any of our Group’s affiliates who the Board or its delegate(s) considers, in their sole discretion,
       to have contributed or will contribute to our Group is entitled to be offered and granted options.

       Maximum number of Shares available for grant
       The total number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the
       Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company is 160,000,000,
       representing 10% of the Shares in issue on the date the Shares commence trading on the Stock
       Exchange (the “Option Scheme Mandate Limit”). Options which have lapsed in accordance with the
       terms of the rules of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme (or any other share option schemes of our
       Company) shall not be counted for the purpose of calculating the Option Scheme Mandate Limit.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023    61
     OTHER INFORMATION




           The Option Scheme Mandate Limit may be refreshed at any time subject to prior approval of our
           Shareholders in general meeting and/or such other requirements prescribed under the Listing Rules
           from time to time. However, the Option Scheme Mandate Limit as refreshed cannot exceed 10% of the
           Shares in issue as of the date of such approval.

           As of 1 January 2023 and 31 December 2023, the total number of options available for grant under the
           Post-IPO Share Option Scheme was 160,000,000 Shares and 150,000,000 Shares, respectively. As of
           the date of this report, the total number of new Shares available for issue was 160,000,000 Shares,
           representing 9.67% of the issued Shares as of the date of this report.

           Maximum entitlement of a grantee
           Unless approved by our Shareholders, the total number of Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise
           of the options granted and to be granted under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and any other share
           option scheme(s) of our Company to each eligible person (including both exercised and outstanding
           options) in any 12 month period shall not exceed 1% of the total number of Shares in issue.

           Time of exercise of an option
           An option may, subject to the rules of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and the terms and conditions
           upon which such option is granted, be exercised in whole or in part by the grantee giving notice in writing
           to our Company in such form as our Board may from time to time determine stating that the option is
           thereby exercised and the number of Shares in respect of which it is exercised.

           Vesting period
           The Board or its delegate(s) may from time to time while the Post-IPO Share Award Scheme is in force
           and subject to all applicable laws, determine such vesting criteria and conditions or periods for the
           award to be vested.

           Consideration
           A consideration of HK$1.00 is payable within 20 business days from the date of grant of an option.

           Exercise price
           Pursuant to the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme, the participants may subscribe for the Shares on the
           exercise of an option at the price determined by the Board provided that it shall be at least the highest
           of (a) the closing price of a Share as stated in the daily quotations sheet issued by the Stock Exchange
           on the date of grant; (b) the average closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily quotations sheets
           issued by the Stock Exchange for the five business days immediately preceding the date of grant; and (c)
           the nominal value of a Share on the date of grant.




62   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                                                                                                                                                     OTHER INFORMATION




      Remaining Life of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme
      The Post-IPO Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effective for the period of ten years commencing
      on the Listing Date (after which, no further options shall be offered or granted). The remaining life of the
      Post-IPO Share Option Scheme is approximately 7 years.

      Details of the movements of the options granted under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme during the
      Reporting Period:

                                                                                                                             Number of options
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                                            average
                                                                                                                                                                           Closing price               closing price
                                                                                                                                                                           of the Shares Fair value of immediately
                                                                                                                                                                            immediately options at before the
                                                                                                                                                                               before the the date of       exercise
                                                                                                                                                                            date of grant       grant           date
                                                                                              Outstanding      Granted    Exercised     Cancelled       Lapsed Outstanding during the during the during the
      Name or                                                                      Exercise          as at   during the   during the    during the   during the       as at Reporting Reporting Reporting Performance
      category of       Date of   Exercise        Vesting                             price     1 January    Reporting    Reporting     Reporting    Reporting 31 December        Period       Period         Period targets for
      grantee           grant     period          period                        (HK$/Share)          2023        Period       Period        Period       Period       2023 (HK$/Share)           (HK$) (HK$/Share)      vesting

      Employee          31 May 31 May 2023 – 20% will vest on 30 April 2024,          1.40              –    10,000,000           –              –          –    10,000,000         1.34     4,231,000         N/A        (Note 1)
         Participant        2023   30 May 2028  30% will vest on 30 April                                                                                                                       (Note 2)
                                                2025, 30% will vest on 30
                                                April 2026, and 20% will vest
                                                on 30 October 2026. (Note 1)


      Total                                                                                             –    10,000,000           –              –          –    10,000,000


      Notes:

      (1)              The options shall vest in accordance with the vesting periods if the audited net profit of a consolidated affiliated entity of
                       the Company is not less than a specified figure for each of the financial years preceding the relevant vesting dates (or in
                       respect of the vesting date of 30 April 2024, the period from 1 May 2023 to 31 December 2023, and in respect of the vesting
                       date of 30 October 2026, for the period from 1 January 2026 to 30 April 2026). The Board and the remuneration committee
                       of the Company have the discretion to vest the options to the grantee on a pro-rata basis according to the actual results
                       performance of the relevant consolidated affiliated entity. For the avoidance of doubt, the final vesting percentage will not
                       exceed the percentages set out above.

      (2)              The estimated value of the options granted under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme during the Reporting Period was
                       calculated using the binomial option-pricing model as at the date of grant of the options. Please refer to note 28 to the
                       consolidated financial statements for more details.


      Further details of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme are set out in the Prospectus.

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries or consolidated affiliated entities purchased, sold or redeemed
any of the Company’s listed securities during the Reporting Period.

MATERIAL LITIGATION
Save as disclosed in this report, the Company was not involved in other material litigation or arbitration
proceedings during the year ended 31 December 2023 and the Directors are also not aware of any material
litigation or claims that are pending or threatened against the Group during the Reporting Period and up to the
date of this report.




                                                                                                                                                                                              Annual Report 2023                     63
     OTHER INFORMATION




     SPECIAL DIVIDEND
     There is no arrangement under which a Shareholder has waived or agreed to waive any dividends.

     The Board recommended a special dividend of HK$0.06 per Share for the year ended 31 December 2023 (for
     the year ended 31 December 2022: nil). The special dividend is subject to the approval of the Shareholders at
     the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company to be held on 30 May 2024 (the “AGM”) and the special
     dividend is expected to be payable on or before 28 June 2024 to the Shareholders whose names appear on the
     register of members of the Company on 14 June 2024.

     CLOSURE OF REGISTER MEMBERS
     The register of members of the Company will be closed for the purpose of determining the identity of members
     who are entitled to attend the AGM from 27 May 2024 to 30 May 2024, both days inclusive, during which period
     no transfer of Shares will be registered. In order to be eligible to attend the AGM, all duly completed transfer
     forms accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s share registrar in
     Hong Kong, Tricor Investor Services Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong for
     registration, no later than 4:30 p.m. on 24 May 2024.

     The register of members of the Company will be closed for the purpose of determining the identify of members
     who are entitled to receive the special dividend from 12 June 2024 to 14 June 2024, both days inclusive, during
     which period no transfer of Shares will be registered. In order to be qualified for the special dividend, all duly
     completed transfer forms accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s
     share registrar in Hong Kong, Tricor Investor Services Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt
     Road, Hong Kong for registration, no later than 4:30 p.m. on 11 June 2024.

     DISCLOSURE PURSUANT TO RULES 13.13 AND 13.20 OF THE LISTING RULES
     In order to facilitate the restructuring in connection with the acquisition of the Olympic College as disclosed in
     the section headed “Business Review and Outlook” in this report, the Group entered into the Loan Agreements
     for the principal amounts of RMB250 million (the “1st Loan”) and RMB170 million (the “2nd Loan”), respectively,
     to be extended to the Transferor, Jiangsu China Red Science and Education Investment Group Nanjing Energy
     and Technology Co. Ltd.*（江蘇華紅科教投資集團南京能源科技有限公司）.

     The 1st Loan and the 2nd Loan are free of interest and repayment of these loans shall be at the earlier of
     six (6) months from the drawdown date of the respective loan agreements, or the complete date pursuant
     to the respective loan agreement, or the compulsory early repayment date pursuant to the respective loan
     agreements. Mr. Ye Hua and Ms. Gao Jiehong, two of the founders of the Olympic College, have executed share
     pledges in favour of Nanjing Lanchou over the entire interest of the Transferor and 9% equity interest in Jiangsu
     Zijin Science and Education Investment Co. Ltd*（江蘇紫金科教投資有限公司）as collateral relating to the
     1st Loan and the 2nd Loan. As at 31 December 2023, the 1st loan and the 2nd loan provided under the Loan
     Agreements remained outstanding, and the aggregate amount (before credit impairment loss) was RMB420
     million which exceeded 8% under the assets ratio (as defined under Chapter 14 of the Listing Rules) and
     constituted an advance to an entity under Rule 13.13 of the Listing Rules.

     For details of the Loan Agreements in relation to the 1st Loan and 2nd Loan, please see the Company’s
     announcement dated 22 June 2021.




     * For identification purpose only



64   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                              INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


To the Shareholders of Cathay Media and Education Group Inc.
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Cathay Media and Education Group Inc. (the
“Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 70 to 134, which
comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2023 and the consolidated
statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity
and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial
statements, including material accounting policy information and other explanatory information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
position of the Group as at 31 December 2023, and of its consolidated financial performance and its
consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards
(“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been
properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA.
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit
of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance
with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other
ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2023   65
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




     KEY AUDIT MATTERS
     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit
     of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of
     our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do
     not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

     Key audit matter                                          How our audit addressed the key audit matter

     Impairment assessment of trade receivables

     We identified impairment assessment of trade              Our procedures in relation to impairment assessment
     receivables as a key audit matter due to the              of trade receivables included:
     significance of trade receivables to the Group’s
     consolidated financial position and the involvement       •   Obtaining an understanding of the relevant key
     of subjective judgement and management estimates              controls on how the management estimates the
     in evaluating the expected credit losses (“ECL”) of the       loss allowance for trade receivables;
     Group’s trade receivables at the end of the reporting
     period.                                                   •   Challenging management’s basis and judgement
                                                                   in determining credit loss allowance on trade
     As disclosed in notes 3, 4 and 30 to the consolidated         receivables, including their identification
     financial statements, the ECL on credit-impaired              of credit-impaired trade receivables, the
     trade receivables are assessed individually, which            reasonableness of grouping of the remaining trade
     are measured as the difference between the asset’s            debtors in the provision matrix, and the basis of
     carrying amount and the present value of estimated            estimated loss rates applied;
     future cash flows with the consideration of expected
     future credit losses. The remaining is collectively       •   Testing the integrity of information used by the
     assessed using a provision matrix through grouping            management to develop the provision matrix,
     of various debtors that have similar inter nal                including trade receivables ageing analysis, on
     credit rating, after considering repayment history,           a sample basis, by comparing with the relevant
     customer-specific conditions and past-due status.             sales supporting documents;
     In calculating the ECL, the loss rates are estimated
     based on probability of default, loss given default       •   Evaluating the competence, capability and
     and adjusted for forward-looking information that is          objectivity of the independent valuer engaged by
     available without undue cost or effort.                       the management for impairment assessment of
                                                                   trade receivables; and
     The Group recognised an amount of RMB241,117,000
     of impairment of trade receivables for the year,          •   Involving the internal valuation specialists to
     and as at 31 December 2023, the Group has trade               evaluate the appropriateness of the methodology,
     receivables amounted to RMB580,574,000, net of                key assumptions and judgements used by the
     allowance amounted to RMB168,287,000.                         management.




66   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                                           INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




OTHER INFORMATION
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our
auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially
misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE FOR THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that
give a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of
the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to
enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether
due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using
the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2023   67
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




     AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS
     Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as
     a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report
     that includes our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and
     for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the
     contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit
     conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements
     can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could
     reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated
     financial statements.

     As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
     skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

     •     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
           whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and
           obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not
           detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as
           fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal
           control.

     •     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
           that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
           effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

     •     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
           estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.

     •     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
           based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
           conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we
           conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to
           the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate,
           to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
           auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a
           going concern.

     •     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
           including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying
           transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

     •     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
           business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
           We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely
           responsible for our audit opinion.




68   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                                               INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (continued)
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that
we identify during our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that
may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate
threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of
most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore
the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes
public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter
should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be
expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Wong Shun Yu.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong
27 March 2024




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023   69
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023



                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                   2023             2022
                                                                     Notes    RMB’000           RMB’000
     Continuing operations
     Revenue                                                          5        759,040           656,815
     Cost of revenue                                                          (481,242)         (339,614)
     Gross profit                                                              277,798           317,201
     Other income                                                     6          21,351           32,050
     Other gains and losses                                           7             (52)           3,106
     Selling expenses                                                           (27,870)         (15,502)
     Administrative expenses                                                  (114,463)          (95,042)
     Impairment losses under expected credit loss model,
       net of reversal                                                8       (336,666)         (145,188)
     Finance costs                                                    9          (1,327)            (578)
     (Loss) profit before tax                                                 (181,229)           96,047
     Income tax credit (expense)                                      10           162           (17,834)
     (Loss) profit for the year from continuing operations            11      (181,067)           78,213
     Discontinued operation
     Profit for the year from discontinued operation
       (including derecognised contingent considerations of
       RMB56,000,000)                                                 12             –            43,710
     (Loss) profit for the year                                               (181,067)          121,923
     Other comprehensive (expense) income:
     Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
     Exchange differences on translation from functional
        currency to presentation currency                                       (1,067)          261,340
     Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
     Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                      20          (240,704)
     Release of translation reserve on disposal of subsidiaries                      –            (5,061)
     Other comprehensive (expense) income for the year                          (1,047)           15,575
     Total comprehensive (expense) income for the year                        (182,114)          137,498
     (Loss) profit for the year attributable to owners of the
       Company:
       – from continuing operations                                           (196,265)           51,827
       – from discontinued operation                                                 –            44,640
     (Loss) profit for the year attributable to owners of the
       Company                                                                (196,265)           96,467
     Profit (loss) for the year attributable to non-controlling
       interests:
       – from continuing operations                                             15,198            26,386
       – from discontinued operation                                                 –              (930)
     Profit for the year attributable to non-controlling interests              15,198            25,456
                                                                              (181,067)          121,923




70   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023



                                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                                           2023             2022
                                                      Note            RMB’000           RMB’000
Total comprehensive (expense) income for the year
  attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                               (197,312)          112,042
  Non-controlling interests                                             15,198            25,456
                                                                      (182,114)          137,498
Total comprehensive (expense) income for the year
  attributable to owners of the Company:
  – from continuing operations                                        (197,312)           67,402
  – from discontinued operation                                              –            44,640
                                                                      (197,312)          112,042
(Loss) earnings per share                              15
From continuing and discontinued operations
  – Basic (RMB cents)                                                   (12.09)              5.92
 – Diluted (RMB cents)                                                  (12.09)              5.92
From continuing operations
  – Basic (RMB cents)                                                   (12.09)              3.18
 – Diluted (RMB cents)                                                  (12.09)              3.18




                                                                                  Annual Report 2023   71
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
     AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2023



                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                   2023             2022
                                                                       Notes    RMB’000           RMB’000
     Non-current Assets
     Property and equipment                                             16      1,242,257       1,039,886
     Right-of-use assets                                                17        136,639         148,491
     Intangible assets                                                  18         34,280           1,128
     Deferred tax assets                                                19            163               –
     Other receivables                                                 12, 21           –          29,072
     Rental deposit                                                                 1,061           1,061
                                                                                1,414,400       1,219,638
     Current Assets
     Inventories                                                        20        33,975          109,126
     Trade and other receivables                                        21       490,896          818,712
     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)    22       421,571          514,624
     Restricted bank deposit                                            23             –           42,000
     Time deposits                                                      23       375,311                –
     Cash and cash equivalents                                          23       342,044          520,872
                                                                                1,663,797       2,005,334
     Current Liabilities
     Trade and other payables                                           24       245,356          236,796
     Contract liabilities                                               25       376,309          300,507
     Tax liabilities                                                                 478              845
     Dividend payable                                                             20,950           20,950
     Lease liabilities                                                  26         4,192            3,601
                                                                                 647,285          562,699
     Net Current Assets                                                         1,016,512       1,442,635
     Total Assets less Current Liabilities                                      2,430,912       2,662,273




72   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

                                                                                  AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2023



                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                2023             2022
                                                            Notes            RMB’000           RMB’000
Non-current Liabilities
Lease liabilities                                             26               14,576              19,054
Deferred tax liabilities                                      19                    –                 130
Deferred income                                                                   372                 669
                                                                               14,948              19,853
Net Assets                                                                  2,415,964           2,642,420
Capital and Reserves
Share capital                                                 27                  117                 117
Reserves                                                                    2,215,625           2,457,279
Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                2,215,742           2,457,396
Non-controlling interests                                     35              200,222            185,024
Total Equity                                                                2,415,964           2,642,420


The consolidated financial statements on pages 70 to 134 were approved and authorised for issue by the board
of directors on 27 March 2024 and signed on its behalf of:




                       Pu Shulin                                           Lau Chi Hung
                       DIRECTOR                                             DIRECTOR




                                                                                           Annual Report 2023   73
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023



                                                                      Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                        Shares
                                                       held for                                     Share-
                                                         share                                       based Statutory                          Non-
                                            Share        award   Share     Capital Translation payment surplus Retained                  controlling
                                           capital     scheme premium reserve reserve reserve reserve                profits     Subtotal interests       Total
                                          RMB’000     RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000                    RMB’000 RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                                            (Note a)
     At 1 January 2022                        118      (34,778) 1,052,889     247,627   (97,830)      –    379,076   998,805 2,545,907       169,166 2,715,073
     Profit for the year                        –            –          –           –         –       –          –    96,467    96,467        25,456 121,923
     Other comprehensive income for
       the year                                 –            –           –         –    15,575        –         –           –     15,575           –     15,575
     Total comprehensive income for
       the year                                 –            –           –         –    15,575        –         –     96,467     112,042      25,456     137,498
     Disposal of a subsidiary (note 12)         –            –           –         –         –        –         –          –           –      (9,598)     (9,598)
     Purchases of shares under share
       award scheme (note 28)                   –      (17,633)          –         –          –       –         –           –     (17,633)         –     (17,633)
     Repurchase and cancellation of
       shares (note 27)                         (1)          –      (8,255)        –          –       –         –           –      (8,256)         –      (8,256)
     Transaction costs attributable to
       repurchase and cancellation of
       shares                                   –            –         (48)        –          –       –          –          –         (48)         –         (48)
     Appropriation                              –            –           –         –          –       –     29,568    (29,568)          –          –           –
     Dividend recognised as
       distribution (note 14)                   –            –    (174,616)        –          –       –         –           –    (174,616)         –    (174,616)
     At 31 December 2022                      117      (52,411)   869,970     247,627   (82,255)      –    408,644 1,065,704 2,457,396       185,024 2,642,420
     (Loss) profit for the year                 –            –           –         –          –       –         –    (196,265) (196,265)      15,198    (181,067)
     Other comprehensive expense for
       the year                                 –            –           –         –     (1,047)      –         –           –      (1,047)         –      (1,047)
     Total comprehensive (expense)
        income for the year                     –            –           –         –     (1,047)      –         –    (196,265) (197,312)      15,198    (182,114)
     Recognition of equity-settled
        share-based payments
       (note 11)                                –            –           –         –          –    1,204         –          –       1,204          –       1,204
     Appropriation                              –            –           –         –          –        –    18,485    (18,485)          –          –           –
     Dividend recognised as
        distribution (note 14)                  –            –     (45,546)        –          –       –         –           –     (45,546)         –     (45,546)
     At 31 December 2023                      117      (52,411)   824,424     247,627   (83,302)   1,204   427,129   850,954 2,215,742       200,222 2,415,964

     Note:

     (a)       Pursuant to the relevant laws in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), the Company’s subsidiaries in the PRC shall make
               appropriations from after-tax profit to non-distributable reserve funds as determined by the management of the relevant PRC
               subsidiaries. These reserves include: (i) general reserve of the limited liabilities companies and (ii) the development fund of schools.

               i.         For PRC subsidiaries with limited liability, they are required to make annual appropriations to general reserve of 10% of after-
                          tax profits as determined under the PRC laws and regulations at each year-end until the balance reaches 50% of the relevant
                          PRC entity’s registered capital.

               ii.        According to the Implementation Rules of the Law for Promoting Private Education of the PRC（《中華人民共和國民辦教育
                          促進法實施條例 》）, it is required for not-for-profit private school to appropriate to development fund of not less than 10%
                          of the annual increase in net asset of the relevant school as determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting
                          principles in the PRC. The development fund shall be used for construction or maintenance of the school or procurement or
                          upgrading of educational equipment.




74   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023



                                                                           Year ended 31 December
                                                                                 2023             2022
                                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000
OPERATING ACTIVITIES
(Loss) profit for the year                                                  (181,067)           121,923
Adjustments for:
  Income tax (credit) expense                                                   (162)            16,626
  Finance costs                                                                1,327              3,012
  Interest income from banks                                                  (4,713)              (933)
  Interest income from consideration receivables                              (2,878)            (3,215)
  Depreciation of property and equipment                                      56,495             51,329
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                         12,161             15,115
  Amortisation of intangible assets                                            9,107              5,677
  Release of asset-related government grants                                    (297)              (296)
  Impairment loss, net of reversal
    – financial assets under expected credit loss model                      336,666            145,188
  Share-based payment expense                                                   1,204                 –
  Write-down of inventories                                                   20,003             36,052
  Impairment loss on prepayment for television series production              63,000                  –
  Loss on termination of a lease agreement                                         76                 –
  Losses on disposal of property and equipment                                  1,536                 –
  Gains on financial assets measured at FVTPL                                  (1,537)           (4,219)
  Gain on disposal of subsidiaries                                                  –           (63,278)
  Foreign exchange difference                                                 (2,745)            19,447
Operating cash flow before movements in working capital                      308,176            342,428
 Decrease in inventories                                                      55,148             24,999
 (Increase) decrease in trade and other receivables                          (68,890)            31,021
 Increase (decrease) in trade and other payables                               4,157            (44,644)
 Increase in contract liabilities                                             75,802             12,687
Cash generated from operations                                               374,393            366,491
  Income taxes paid                                                             (498)           (26,649)
Net cash from operating activities                                           373,895            339,842
INVESTING ACTIVITIES
  Interest received                                                             4,713                933
  Purchases of property and equipment                                        (254,159)          (75,442)
  Payments for right-of-use assets                                                  –           (32,039)
  Purchases of intangible assets                                              (44,738)              (322)
  Payments for rental deposits                                                   (286)            (1,420)
  Purchases of financial assets at FVTPL                                   (1,799,097)       (1,355,000)
  Redemptions of financial assets at FVTPL                                  1,893,687         1,479,450
  Net cash inflow on disposal of Shuimuyuan (defined in note 12)                    –            84,733
  Repayment from Shuimuyuan                                                         –            12,675
  Settlement of consideration receivables from
    disposal of Shuimuyuan                                                    30,000                   –
  Placement of time deposits                                                (375,311)                  –
  Withdrawal of restricted bank deposit                                       42,000                   –
Net cash (used in) from investing activities                                (503,191)           113,568




                                                                                         Annual Report 2023   75
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023



                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                    2023             2022
                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000
     FINANCING ACTIVITIES
       Dividend paid                                                            (45,546)         (174,616)
       Payments for shares under share award scheme                                   –            (17,633)
       Payments on repurchase and cancellation of shares                              –                (48)
       Transaction costs attributable to repurchase and
         cancellation of shares                                                       –            (8,256)
       Repayments of lease liabilities                                           (5,684)           (3,545)
     Net cash used in financing activities                                      (51,230)         (204,098)
     Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents                      (180,526)         249,312
     Transfer from cash and cash equivalents to restricted bank deposit               –          (42,000)
     Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year, represented by
       bank balances and cash                                                   520,872          249,953
       bank balances and cash classified as held for sale                             –           62,418
                                                                                340,346          519,683
     Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                      1,698            1,189
     Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year, represented by
       bank balances and cash                                                   342,044          520,872




76   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



1.   GENERAL INFORMATION
     Cathay Media and Education Group Inc. (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on
     4 January 2017 as an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Law (Cap 22,
     Law 3 of 1961, as consolidated and revised) of the Cayman Islands. Its shares have been listed on the
     Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) since 15 July 2020. Its
     immediate holding company is Cathay Media Holdings Inc, a company incorporated in the British Virgin
     Islands (the “BVI”) and its ultimate holding company is Media One International (PTC) Limited, a company
     incorporated in the BVI, which is the trustee of a trust established in January 2021 of which the settlor is
     Mr. Pu Shulin, who is also an executive director and chairman of the board of directors of the Company.
     The address of the Company’s registered office is 190 Elgin Avenue, George Town, Grand Cayman KY1-
     9008, Cayman Islands.

     The Company is an investment holding company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred as the “Group”)
     are principally engaged in the provision of higher and vocational education services, television series and
     film productions and livestreaming e-commerce and artist management in the PRC.

     The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is different from
     the Company’s functional currency of Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”). Since the majority of the assets and
     operations of the Group are located in the PRC, the consolidated financial statements are presented in
     RMB.

2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING
     STANDARDS (“HKFRSs”)
     New and amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year
     In the current year, the Group has applied the following new and amendments to HKFRSs issued by the
     Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) for the first time, which are mandatorily
     effective for the Group’s annual period beginning on 1 January 2023 for the preparation of the
     consolidated financial statements:

     HKFRS 17 (including the October 2020 and          Insurance Contracts
      February 2022 Amendments to HKFRS 17)
     Amendments to HKAS 8                              Definition of Accounting Estimates
     Amendments to HKAS 12                             International Tax Reform-Pillar Two Model Rules
     Amendments to HKAS 1 and                          Disclosure of Accounting Policies
      HKFRS Practice Statement 2

     Except as described below, the application of the new and amendments to HKFRSs in the current year
     has had no material impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior
     years and/or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2023   77
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




     2.    APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING
           STANDARDS (“HKFRSs”) (continued)
           New and amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year (continued)
           2.1   Impacts on application of Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKFRS Practice Statement 2 Disclosure
                 of Accounting Policies
                 The Group has applied the amendments for the first time in the current year. HKAS 1 Presentation
                 of Financial Statements is amended to replace all instances of the term “significant accounting
                 policies” with “material accounting policy information”. Accounting policy information is material
                 if, when considered together with other information included in an entity’s financial statements,
                 it can reasonably be expected to influence decisions that the primary users of general purpose
                 financial statements make on the basis of those financial statements.

                 The amendments also clarify that accounting policy information may be material because of the
                 nature of the related transactions, other events or conditions, even if the amounts are immaterial.
                 However, not all accounting policy information relating to material transactions, other events
                 or conditions is itself material. If an entity chooses to disclose immaterial accounting policy
                 information, such information must not obscure material accounting policy information.

                 HKFRS Practice Statement 2 Making Materiality Judgements (the “Practice Statement”) is also
                 amended to illustrate how an entity applies the “four-step materiality process” to accounting
                 policy disclosures and to judge whether information about an accounting policy is material to its
                 financial statements. Guidance and examples are added to the Practice Statement.

                 The application of the amendments has had no material impact on the Group’s financial positions
                 and performance but has affected the disclosure of the Group’s accounting policies set out in note
                 3 to the consolidated financial statements.

                 Amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective
                 The Group has not early applied the following amendments to HKFRSs that have been issued but
                 are not yet effective:

                 Amendments to HKFRS 10 and               Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
                  HKAS 28                                   Associate or Joint Venture1
                 Amendments to HKFRS 16                   Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback2
                 Amendments to HKAS 1                     Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and
                                                            related amendments to Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020)2
                 Amendments to HKAS 1                     Non-current Liabilities with Covenants2
                 Amendments to HKAS 7 and                 Supplier Finance Arrangements2
                  HKFRS 7
                 Amendments to HKAS 21                    Lack of Exchangeability3
                 1
                        Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.

                 2
                        Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024.

                 3
                        Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025.


                 The directors of the Company anticipate that the application of all amendments to HKFRSs will
                 have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.




78   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
     3.1   Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements
           The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRSs issued by
           the HKICPA. For the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements, information
           is considered material if such information is reasonably expected to influence decisions made by
           primary users. In addition, the consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures
           required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (“Listing Rules”)
           and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

           The Group’s higher and vocational education business was carried out by Nanjing Lanchou
           Corporate Management Co., Ltd.（南京藍籌企業管理有限公司）(“Nanjing Lanchou”), Nanjing Meiya
           Education Investment Co., Ltd.（南京美亞教育投資有限公司）(“Nanjing Meiya”), Communication
           University of China, Nanjing（南京傳媒學院）(“CUCN”), while the television series and film
           production business was carried out by Dongyang Huaxia Audio-Visual Film Culture Co., Ltd.（東
           陽華夏視聽影視文化有限公司）(“Dongyang Audio-Visual”), Huaxia Audio-Visual Global Media
           (Beijing) Holdings Co., Ltd.（華夏視聽環球傳媒（北京）股份有限公司）(“Huaxia Audio-Visual”),
           Beijing Huaxia Zhenxuan Cultural Communication Co., Ltd.（北京華夏珍選文化傳播有限公司）
           (“Huaxia Zhenxuan”) (formerly known as Beijing Huaxia Huyu Cultural Communication Co., Ltd.
           （北京華夏互娛文化傳播有限公司）and Beijing Huaxia Audio-Visual Online Cultural Development
           Co., Ltd.（北京華夏視聽在線文化發展有限公司）) and Beijing Huaxia Huyu Culture Media Co., Ltd.
           （北京華夏互娛文化傳媒有限公司）(“Huaxia Huyu”) (formerly known as Huaxia Youpin (Beijing)
           Culture Communication Co., Ltd.（華 夏 優 品（北 京）文 化 傳 播 有 限 公 司）) (collectively as the
           “Consolidated Affiliated Entities”).




                                                                                          Annual Report 2023   79
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
           MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
           3.1   Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements (continued)
                 Due to the restriction of foreign ownership in the operation of higher and vocational education
                 business and television series and film production business, the Company does not have any
                 equity interest in the Consolidated Affiliated Entities. However, as a result of the contractual
                 arrangements entered by Bicheng Art Consulting (Nanjing) Co., Ltd.（碧城藝術諮詢（南京）有
                 限公司）(“Nanjing Bicheng”), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Group, with the Consolidated
                 Affiliated Entities operating higher and vocational education business and Mr. Pu Shulin, while
                 Dongyang Huaxia Audio-Visual Culture Consulting Co., Ltd.（東陽華夏視聽文化諮詢有限公司）
                 (“Dongyang Huaxial”), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Group, with the Consolidated Affiliated
                 Entities operating television series and film production business, Mr. Pu Shulin and Mr. Liu Chang,
                 respectively (the “Contractual Arrangements”), the Group is able to:

                 •      exercise effective financial and operational control over the Consolidated Affiliated
                        Entities;

                 •      exercise equity holders’ voting rights of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities;

                 •      receive substantially all of the economic interests and returns generated by the
                        Consolidated Affiliated Entities, in consideration for the technical and consulting services
                        provided by the Group, at the Group’s discretion;

                 •      obtain the irrevocable and exclusive right for the Group or their designated persons to
                        purchase all or part of the equity interests in the Consolidated Affiliated Entities from
                        equity holders at a minimum purchase price permitted under the PRC laws and regulations
                        at the Group’s sole and absolute discretion to the extent permitted by PRC law; and

                 •      obtain a pledge over the entire equity interests in the Consolidated Affiliated Entities from
                        their equity holders to secure the performance of their obligations under the Contractual
                        Arrangements.

                 Accordingly, the Group has power over the Consolidated Affiliated Entities, has rights to variable
                 returns from its involvement with the Consolidated Affiliated Entities and has the ability to
                 affect those returns through its power over the Consolidated Affiliated Entities and is therefore
                 considered to have control over the Consolidated Affiliated Entities. Consequently, the Company
                 regards the Consolidated Affiliated Entities as indirect held subsidiaries and their financial
                 positions and results are included in the consolidated financial statements for the years ended 31
                 December 2023 and 2022.




80   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     3.1   Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements (continued)
           The following balances and amounts of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities were included in the
           consolidated financial statements:

                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                   2023             2022
                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000
           Revenue                                                              751,652              653,265
           (Loss) profit before tax                                            (175,382)             110,203


                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                  2023             2022
                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000
           Non-current assets                                                 1,412,122            1,217,572
           Current assets                                                     1,774,892            1,713,978
           Current liabilities                                                  638,699              556,242
           Non-current liabilities                                               14,948               19,853


     3.2   Material accounting policy information
           Basis of consolidation
           The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and
           entities (including structured entities) controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is
           achieved when the Company:

           •      has power over the investee;

           •      is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and

           •      has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2023   81
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
           MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
           3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
                 Basis of consolidation (continued)
                 The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate
                 that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

                 Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and
                 ceases when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a
                 subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement
                 of profit or loss and other comprehensive income from the date the Group gains control until the
                 date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

                 Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the
                 Company and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is
                 attributed to the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in
                 the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

                 When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their
                 accounting policies into line with the Group’s accounting policies.

                 All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to
                 transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

                 Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein,
                 which represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of
                 net assets of the relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.

                 Revenue from contracts with customers
                 Information about the Group’s accounting policies relating to contracts with customers is provided
                 in note 5.

                 Foreign currencies
                 In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies
                 other than the functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates
                 of exchanges prevailing on the dates of the transactions. At the end of the reporting period,
                 monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at
                 that date. Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign currencies
                 are retranslated at the rates prevailing on the date when the fair value was determined. Non-
                 monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not
                 retranslated.




82   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
           Foreign currencies (continued)
           Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of
           monetary items are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.

           For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities
           of the Group’s operations are translated into the presentation currency of the Group (i.e. RMB)
           using exchange rates prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Income and expenses items
           are translated at the average exchange rates for the period, unless exchange rates fluctuate
           significantly during that period, in which case the exchange rates at the date of transactions are
           used. Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive income and
           accumulated in equity under the heading of translation reserve (attributed to non-controlling
           interests as appropriate).

           On the disposal of a foreign operation (that is, a disposal of the Group’s entire interest in a
           foreign operation, or a disposal involving loss of control over a subsidiary that includes a foreign
           operation, or a partial disposal of an interest in a joint arrangement or an associate that includes
           a foreign operation of which the retained interest becomes a financial asset), all of the exchange
           differences accumulated in equity in respect of that operation attributable to the owners of the
           Company are reclassified to profit or loss.

           Exchange differences relating to the retranslation of the Group’s net assets in United States
           dollars (“US$”) and HK$ to the Group’s presentation currency (i.e. RMB) are recognised directly in
           other comprehensive income and accumulated in translation reserve. Such exchange differences
           accumulated in the translation reserve are not reclassified to profit or loss subsequently.

           Share-based payments
           Equity-settled share-based payments transactions
           Shares/Share options granted to employees
           Equity-settled share-based payments to employees are measured at the fair value of the equity
           instruments at the grant date.

           The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant date without
           taking into consideration all non-market vesting conditions is expensed on a straight-line basis
           over the vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of equity instruments that will eventually
           vest, with a corresponding increase in equity (share-based payments reserve). At the end of each
           reporting period, the Group revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments expected
           to vest based on assessment of all relevant non-market vesting conditions. The impact of the
           revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognised in profit or loss such that the cumulative
           expense reflects the revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to the share-based
           payments reserve.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2023   83
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
           MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
           3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
                 Share-based payments (continued)
                 Equity-settled share-based payments transactions (continued)
                 Shares/Share options granted to employees (continued)
                 When share options are exercised, the amount previously recognised in share-based payments
                 reserve will be transferred to share premium. When the share options are forfeited after the
                 vesting date or are still not exercised at the expiry date, the amount previously recognised in
                 share-based payments reserve will be transferred to retained profits.

                 When shares granted are vested, the amount previously recognised in share-based payments
                 reserve will be transferred to other reserve.

                 Taxation
                 Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

                 The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit
                 before taxation because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and
                 items that are never taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using
                 tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

                 Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets
                 and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in
                 the computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable
                 temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary
                 differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which
                 those deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities
                 are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of assets and
                 liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit. In
                 addition, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the
                 initial recognition of goodwill.

                 Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with
                 investments in subsidiaries except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the
                 temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not be reversed in the
                 foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated
                 with such investments are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that there will be
                 sufficient taxable profits against which to utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and
                 they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.




84   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
           Taxation (continued)
           The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and
           declined to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to
           allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

           Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the
           period in which the liability is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rates (and tax laws)
           that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of each reporting period.

           The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would
           follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of each reporting period, to recover
           or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

           For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group
           recognises the right-of-use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines
           whether the tax deductions are attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.

           For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the
           Group applies HKAS 12 Income Taxes requirements to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities
           separately. The Group recognises a deferred tax asset related to lease liabilities to the extent
           that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary
           difference can be utilised and a deferred tax liability for all taxable temporary differences.

           Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off
           current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the
           same taxable entity by the same taxation authority.

           Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that
           are recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and
           deferred tax are also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively.
           Where current tax or deferred tax arises from the initial accounting for a business combination,
           the tax effect is included in the accounting for the business combination.

           Intangible assets
           Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at costs less
           accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses, being their fair value at
           the date of the revaluation less subsequent accumulated amortisation and any accumulated
           impairment losses. Amortisation for intangible assets with finite useful lives is recognised on a
           straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The estimated useful life and amortisation
           method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in
           estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2023    85
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
           MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
           3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
                 Inventories
                 Inventories mainly include scripts, television series and films completed, which are produced for
                 sale and are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Net realisable value represents
                 the estimated selling price for inventories less all estimated costs of completion and costs
                 necessary to make the sale. Costs necessary to make the sale include incremental costs directly
                 attributable to the sale and non-incremental costs which the Group must incur to make the sale.

                 Financial instruments
                 Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party
                 to the contractual provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial
                 assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales
                 are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame
                 established by regulation or convention in the market place.

                 Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade
                 receivables arising from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance
                 with HKFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers . Transaction costs that are directly
                 attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than
                 financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL) are added to or deducted from the fair value of
                 the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs
                 directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL are
                 recognised immediately in profit or loss.

                 The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or
                 financial liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period.
                 The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and
                 payments (including all fees and points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective
                 interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of
                 the financial asset or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying
                 amount on initial recognition.

                 Financial assets
                 Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
                 Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised
                 cost:

                 •      the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual
                        cash flows; and

                 •      the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
                        principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.




86   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
           Financial instruments (continued)
           Financial assets (continued)
           Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (continued)
           Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at fair value
           through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”):

           •      the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both
                  selling and collecting contractual cash flows; and

           •      the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
                  principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

           All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL.

           A financial asset is held for trading if:

           •      it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or

           •      on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the
                  Group manages together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or

           •      it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.

           (i)    Amortised cost and interest income

                  Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets
                  measured subsequently at amortised cost and is calculated by applying the effective
                  interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets
                  that have subsequently become credit-impaired (see below). For financial assets that
                  have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the
                  effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from the next reporting
                  period. If the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the
                  financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying
                  the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset from the
                  beginning of the reporting period following the determination that the asset is no longer
                  credit-impaired.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2023    87
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
           MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
           3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
                 Financial instruments (continued)
                 Financial assets (continued)
                 Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (continued)
                 (ii)   Financial assets at FVTPL

                        Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or
                        FVTOCI or designated as FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL.

                        Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period,
                        with any fair value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss. The net gain or loss
                        recognised in profit or loss excludes any dividend earned on the financial asset and is
                        included in the “other gains and losses” line item.

                 Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9
                 The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit losses (“ECL”) model on
                 financial assets (including trade and other receivables, restricted bank deposit, time deposits
                 and cash and cash equivalents) which are subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9
                 Financial Instruments . The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting dates to reflect changes in
                 credit risk since initial recognition.

                 Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected
                 life of the relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of
                 lifetime ECL that is expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months
                 after each reporting date. Assessment are done based on the Group’s historical credit loss
                 experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions
                 and an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date as well as the forecast of
                 future conditions.

                 The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables. The ECL on these credit-
                 impaired trade receivables are assessed individually and the remaining is collectively assessed
                 using provision matrix, estimated based on internal credit rating of trade debtors, taking into
                 consideration of repayment history, customer-specific conditions and past-due status.

                 For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless there
                 has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, in which case the Group
                 recognises lifetime ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based
                 on significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.




88   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
           Financial instruments (continued)
           Financial assets (continued)
           Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9 (continued)
           (i)   Significant increase in credit risk

                 In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition,
                 the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at each
                 reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date
                 of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and
                 qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience
                 and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.

                 In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit
                 risk has increased significantly:

                 •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external
                        (if available) or internal credit rating;

                 •      significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant
                        increase in the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;

                 •      existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions
                        that are expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its
                        debt obligations;

                 •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;

                 •      an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or
                        technological environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the
                        debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations.

                 Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit
                 risk has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are
                 more than 30 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information
                 that demonstrates otherwise.

                 The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether
                 there has been a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to
                 ensure that the criteria are capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before
                 the amount becomes past due.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2023    89
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
           MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
           3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
                 Financial instruments (continued)
                 Financial assets (continued)
                 Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9 (continued)
                 (ii)    Definition of default

                         For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs
                         when information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that
                         the debtor is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into
                         account any collaterals held by the Group).

                         Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial
                         asset is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable
                         information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

                 (iii)   Credit-impaired financial assets

                         A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental
                         impact on the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence
                         that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about the following
                         events:

                         (a)    significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;

                         (b)    a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

                         (c)    the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the
                                borrower’s financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that
                                the lender(s) would not otherwise consider; or

                         (d)    it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial
                                reorganization.

                 (iv)    Write-off policy

                         The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the
                         counterparty is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery,
                         for example, when the counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into
                         bankruptcy proceedings. Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement
                         activities under the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where
                         appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any subsequent recoveries are
                         recognised in profit or loss.




90   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
           Financial instruments (continued)
           Financial assets (continued)
           Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9 (continued)
           (v)   Measurement and recognition of ECL

                 The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e.
                 the magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment
                 of the probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data and forward-
                 looking information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted
                 amount that is determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights.
                 Except for credit-impaired trade receivables are assessed for ECL individually, the Group
                 uses a practical expedient in estimating ECL on trade receivables using a provision matrix
                 based on internal credit rating and forward-looking information that is available without
                 undue cost or effort.

                 Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to
                 the Group in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to
                 receive, discounted at the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.

                 For collective assessment, the Group takes into consideration the following characteristics
                 when formulating the grouping:

                 •     Past-due status;

                 •     Nature, size and industry of debtors; and

                 •     External credit ratings where available.

                 The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each
                 group continue to share similar credit risk characteristics.

                 Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset
                 unless the financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is calculated
                 based on amortised cost of the financial asset.

                 The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial
                 instruments by adjusting their carrying amount, with the exception of trade and other
                 receivables where the corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance
                 account.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2023   91
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
           MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
           3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
                 Financial instruments (continued)
                 Financial assets (continued)
                 Derecognition of financial assets
                 The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows
                 from the asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and
                 rewards of ownership of the asset to another entity.

                 On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the
                 asset’s carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in
                 profit or loss.

                 Foreign exchange gains and losses
                 The carrying amount of financial assets that are denominated in a foreign currency is determined
                 in that foreign currency and translated at the spot rate at the end of each reporting period. For
                 financial assets measured at FVTPL that are not part of a designated hedging relationship,
                 exchange differences are recognised in profit or loss in the ‘Other gains and losses’ line item as
                 part of the gain/(loss) from changes in fair value of financial assets (note 7).

                 Financial liabilities and equity
                 Classification as debt or equity
                 Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance
                 with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definition of a financial liability and
                 an equity instrument.

                 Equity instruments
                 An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity
                 after deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at
                 the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

                 Repurchase of the Company’s own equity instruments is recognised and deducted directly in
                 equity. No gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of
                 the Company’s own equity instruments

                 Financial liabilities
                 All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest
                 method.




92   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
           Financial instruments (continued)
           Financial liabilities and equity (continued)
           Financial liabilities at amortised cost
           Financial liabilities including trade and other payables and dividend payable are subsequently
           measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method.

           Foreign exchange gains and losses
           For financial liabilities that are denominated in a foreign currency and are measured at amortised
           cost at the end of each reporting period, the foreign exchange gains and losses are determined
           based on the amortised cost of the instruments. These foreign exchange gains and losses
           are recognised in the ‘Other gains and losses’ line item in profit or loss (note 7) as part of net
           foreign exchange gains (losses) for financial liabilities that are not part of a designated hedging
           relationship.

           Derecognition of financial liabilities
           The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are
           discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the
           financial liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable, is recognised in profit or
           loss.

4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
     UNCERTAINTY
     In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in note 3, the management of
     the Group is required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of
     assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated
     assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant.
     Actual results may differ from these estimates.

     The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting
     estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that
     period or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future
     periods.

     Critical judgements in applying accounting policies
     The following are the critical judgements, apart from those involving estimations (see below), that the
     management of the Group has made in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies and that
     have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2023   93
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




     4.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
           UNCERTAINTY (continued)
           Critical judgements in applying accounting policies (continued)
           Contractual Arrangements
           The Group conducts a substantial portion of the business through the Consolidated Affiliated Entities
           in the PRC due to regulatory restrictions on foreign ownership in the higher and vocational education
           business and television series and film production business in the PRC. The Group does not have any
           equity interest in the Consolidated Affiliated Entities. The management of the Group assessed whether
           or not the Group has control over the Consolidated Affiliated Entities based on whether the Group has
           the power over the Consolidated Affiliated Entities, has rights to variable returns from its involvement
           with the Consolidated Affiliated Entities, and has the ability to affect those returns through its power
           over the Consolidated Affiliated Entities. After assessment, the management of the Group concluded
           that the Group has control over the Consolidated Affiliated Entities as a result of the Contractual
           Arrangements and other measures and accordingly, the assets, liabilities and their operating results of
           the Consolidated Affiliated Entities are included in the consolidated financial statements throughout the
           year or since the respective dates of establishment, whichever is the shorter period.

           Nevertheless, the Contractual Arrangements and other measures may not be as effective as direct
           legal ownership in providing the Group with direct control over the Consolidated Affiliated Entities and
           uncertainties presented by the PRC legal system could impede the Group’s beneficiary rights of the
           assets, liabilities and operating results of the Consolidated Affiliated Entities. The management of the
           Group, based on the advice of its legal counsel, considers that the Contractual Arrangements are in
           compliance with the relevant PRC laws and regulations and are legally enforceable.

           Key sources of estimation uncertainty
           The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation
           uncertainty at the end of each reporting period, that may have a significant risk of causing a material
           adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.

           Provision of ECL for trade receivables
           Trade receivables credit-impaired are assessed for ECL individually, and the remaining is estimated
           collectively by using a provision matrix. The provision rates are based on internal credit rating as
           grouping of various debtors taking into consideration repayment history, customer-specific conditions
           and past-due status. At every reporting date, the default rates are reassessed and changes in the
           forward-looking information are considered.

           The provision of ECL is sensitive to changes in estimates. The information about the ECL and the Group’s
           trade receivables are disclosed in notes 21 and 30.




94   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
     Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers from continuing operations
                                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                    2023             2022
                                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000
     Types of goods or services
     Recognised over time
     Higher and vocational education service income
       – Higher education programmes                                                             400,355                   355,127
       – Continuing education programmes                                                         107,000                   100,238
       – International preparatory programmes                                                     45,522                    42,766
     Promotion income from livestreaming e-commerce                                               17,995                         –
     Other income from higher and vocational education                                             5,981                    27,133
                                                                                                 576,853                   525,264
     Recognised at a point in time
     Sales of inventories                                                                          85,003                   95,068
     Entrance examination fees and others                                                          34,122                   36,483
     Artist management service income                                                              40,646                        –
     Commission income from livestreaming e-commerce                                               22,416                        –
                                                                                                  182,187                  131,551
                                                                                                 759,040                   656,815
     Geographical markets (Note)
     Mainland China                                                                              758,771                   655,860
     Others                                                                                          269                       955
                                                                                                 759,040                   656,815

     Note:   Information about the Group’s revenue from continuing operations is presented based on the location of the customers.


     Performance obligations for contracts with customers
     Revenue from the provision of higher and vocational education services
     Revenue from the provision of higher and vocational education services includes tuition fees and
     boarding fees from higher education programmes, continuing education programmes and international
     preparatory programmes.

     Revenue from tuition and boarding fees is recognised over time. Tuition and boarding fees are generally
     received in advance prior to the commencement of each school year and are initially recorded as
     contract liabilities. Tuition and boarding fees are recognised as revenue proportionately over the relevant
     period of the applicable programme or the beneficial period for the students. The Group’s contracts with
     students for higher vocational education and vocational education services are normally with duration of
     one year and renewed up to total duration of two to four years depending on the education programmes.




                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023   95
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




     5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
           Performance obligations for contracts with customers (continued)
           Revenue from the provision of livestreaming e-commerce services
           The Group conducts live broadcasts on the e-commerce platform, where the hosts of the live broadcasts
           introduce and recommend products to viewers who can order products during the live broadcasts.
           The Group provides promotion services for the merchants on the e-commerce platform. The Group
           is considered as an agent for its contracts with customers relating to the livestreaming e-commerce
           services as the Group did not obtain the control over the products sold through the e-commerce
           platform. Revenue from the provision of livestreaming e-commerce services includes commission
           income and fixed promotion fees.

           Revenue from commission income is recognised at a point in time upon the control of the products
           are transferred to the customer. The Group charges commissions on the sales of the specified goods
           completed through the e-commerce platform based on agreed commission rates.

           Revenue from fixed promotion fees is recognised over the period of the contract by reference to the
           progress towards complete satisfaction of the performance obligation. The progress towards complete
           satisfaction of a performance obligation is measured based on output method. The fixed promotion fee
           contracts are for periods of one year or less.

           Revenue from the provision of artist management services
           The Group concluded that the Group acts as the principal for artist management services considering
           the following:

           (i)     the Group is primarily responsible for fulfilling its promise to its customers with the artist
                   management services as it negotiates the service scope, has discretion to determine which
                   business activities to undertake, which artists will be assigned the plan and how the artists will
                   fulfill the demand of customers for these activities;

           (ii)    the Group bears certain inventory risk as it needs to pay for the costs of styling and photography
                   services provided by third-party vendors and the staff costs (including those staff who work
                   together with the artist on these business activities) and does not have an unconditional right to
                   all the revenue until it has provided the services to the customers; and

           (iii)   the Group has discretion in establishing the contract price for these business activities with the
                   customers. The Group can negotiate the service terms and pricing separately with the artists and
                   third-party vendors who provide styling and photography services.




96   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
     Performance obligations for contracts with customers (continued)
     Revenue from the provision of artist management services (continued)
     The Group recognises revenue from artist management services at a point in time, on a gross basis and
     recognises fulfillment costs in the cost of revenue, such as the revenue-sharing with the artists, the
     costs of styling and photography services and the staff costs.

     Revenue from sale of inventories
     Revenue from sales of inventories, representing television series and film products produced for sales, is
     recognised at a point in time upon television series and film products are delivered to the customers in
     accordance with the contracts, provided that there is no further obligation to be performed or fulfilled.

     Revenue from entrance examination fees and others
     Revenue from entrance examination fees and others is mainly received from the students who intend to
     major in certain media and arts subjects. A separated examination is organised by CUCN every year to
     test the professional skills of the students in addition to standard academic university entrance exams.
     The entrance examination fees are received from students before the services provided and are initially
     recorded as contract liabilities, which is recognised at point in time upon the completion of the related
     examinations.

     Revenue from other service income
     Revenue from the provision of other services mainly includes canteen and grocery management service
     income and education management service income, which is recognised over time by reference to the
     service provided.

     Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation for contracts with customers
     The contracts for higher and vocational education, television series and film production, livestreaming
     e-commerce and artist management are for period of one year or less. As permitted under HKFRS 15, the
     transaction price allocated to these unsatisfied contracts is not disclosed.

     Segment information
     The Group’s operating segments are based on information prepared and reported to the chief executive
     officer and executive directors of the Company, being the chief operating decision maker (“CODM”), for
     the purposes of resources allocation and performance assessment.

     The CODM had identified two reportable and operating segments, namely higher and vocational
     education segment and entertainment and livestreaming e-commerce segment. During the current
     year, the Group has commenced its livestreaming e-commerce and artist management businesses.
     These new businesses, together the television series and film production business, are included in the
     entertainment and livestreaming e-commence segment.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2023   97
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




     5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
           Segment information (continued)
           Segment revenues and results
           The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results from continuing operations by reportable
           segments:

           For the year ended 31 December 2023
           Continuing operations

                                                                                 Entertainment
                                                                    Higher and              and
                                                                    vocational    livestreaming
                                                                     education      e-commerce           Total
                                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000
           Segment revenue
             External sales                                            592,980          166,060         759,040
           Segment profit (loss)                                       182,411         (354,285)        (171,874)
           Unallocated
           Other income                                                                                    7,591
           Other gains and losses                                                                             23
           Corporate administrative expenses                                                             (16,969)
           Loss before tax from continuing operations                                                   (181,229)


           For the year ended 31 December 2022
           Continuing operations

                                                                                 Entertainment
                                                                    Higher and              and
                                                                    vocational    livestreaming
                                                                     education      e-commerce            Total
                                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000
           Segment revenue
             External sales                                            561,747           95,068         656,815
           Segment profit (loss)                                       280,746         (172,838)         107,908
           Unallocated
           Other income                                                                                     4,148
           Other gains and losses                                                                          (1,113)
           Corporate administrative expenses                                                             (14,896)
           Profit before tax from continuing operations                                                   96,047


           The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as the Group’s accounting policies
           described in note 3. Segment profit/loss represents the profit earned by/loss from each segment and
           excludes certain other income, certain other gains and losses and corporate administrative expenses.
           This is the measure reported to the CODM for the purposes of resource allocation and performance
           assessment.




98   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
     Segment information (continued)
     Segment assets and liabilities
     The CODM makes decisions according to operating results of each segment. No analysis of segment
     asset and segment liability is presented as the CODM does not regularly review such information for the
     purposes of resources allocation and performance assessment. Therefore, only segment revenue and
     segment results are presented.

     Other information
     For the year ended 31 December 2023
     Continuing operations

                                                                           Entertainment
                                                             Higher and               and
                                                             vocational     livestreaming
                                                              education       e-commerce            Total
                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000
     Amounts included in the measure of segment profit:
     Depreciation of property and equipment                       54,701           1,794            56,495
     Depreciation of right-of-use assets                           2,901           9,260            12,161
     Amortisation of intangible assets                                99           9,008             9,107
     Write-down of inventories                                         –          20,003            20,003
     Impairment loss on prepayment for
       television series production                                    –          63,000            63,000
     Impairment loss on trade and other receivables
       recognised in profit or loss                              95,502          241,164           336,666


     For the year ended 31 December 2022
     Continuing operations

                                                                           Entertainment
                                                             Higher and               and
                                                             vocational     livestreaming
                                                              education       e-commerce            Total
                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000
     Amounts included in the measure of segment profit:
     Depreciation of property and equipment                       48,449             557            49,006
     Depreciation of right-of-use assets                           3,956           3,870             7,826
     Amortisation of intangible assets                               239             233               472
     Write-down of inventories                                         –          36,052            36,052
     Impairment loss on trade and other receivables
       recognised in profit or loss                                4,693         140,495           145,188




                                                                                            Annual Report 2023   99
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      5.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
            Segment information (continued)
            Other information (continued)
            Information about major customers
            Revenue from customers of the corresponding years contributing over 10% of the total sales of the
            Group are as follows:

                                                                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                           2023             2022
                                                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000
            Customer A                                                                                    82,075                         –
            Customer B                                                                                         –                    67,669


      6.    OTHER INCOME
                                                                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                           2023             2022
                                                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000
            Continuing operations
            Government grants (Note)                                                                       6,160                    22,789
            Interest income from consideration receivables (note 21)                                       2,878                     3,215
            Non-regular service income                                                                     4,733                     3,053
            Interest income from banks                                                                     4,713                       933
            Others                                                                                         2,867                     2,060
                                                                                                          21,351                   32,050

            Note:   Government grants mainly represented subsidies granted by local governments for encouraging domestic business
                    development are recognised upon receipt. There were no unfulfilled conditions or contingencies relating to these subsidies.


      7.    OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES
                                                                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                           2023             2022
                                                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000
            Continuing operations
            Gains from changes in fair value of financial assets
              measured at FVTPL                                                                             1,537                    4,219
            Loss on termination of a lease agreement                                                          (76)                        –
            Losses on disposals of property and equipment                                                  (1,536)                        –
            Net foreign exchange gains (losses)                                                                23                    (1,113)
                                                                                                              (52)                   3,106




100   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




8.    IMPAIRMENT LOSSES UNDER EXPECTED CREDIT LOSS MODEL, NET OF REVERSAL
                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                    2023             2022
                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000
      Continuing operations
      Impairment losses recognised:
        – trade receivables                                                      241,117             140,638
        – other receivables                                                       95,549               4,550
                                                                                 336,666              145,188


      Details of impairment assessment are set out in note 30.

9.    FINANCE COSTS
                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                    2023             2022
                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000
      Continuing operations
      Interest expenses on lease liabilities                                       1,327                  578


10.   INCOME TAX (CREDIT) EXPENSE
                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                    2023             2022
                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000
      Continuing operations
      PRC Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”)
        – current tax                                                                131                1,169
        – deferred tax (note 19)                                                    (293)              16,665
                                                                                    (162)              17,834


      The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands and its directly owned subsidiary, Cathay Media
      Group (BVI) Inc. was incorporated in the BVI, and are tax exempted as they involve no business carried out
      in the Cayman Islands and the BVI under the tax laws of the Cayman Islands and the BVI, respectively.

      No provision of Hong Kong Profits Tax was made in these consolidated financial statements as the Group
      had no assessable profit subject to Hong Kong Profits Tax during both years.

      Pursuant to the Enterprise Income Tax Law and Implementation Regulations of the Law of the PRC (the
      “EIT Law of the PRC”), the statutory tax rate of the PRC subsidiaries is 25% for both years.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2023   101
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      10.   INCOME TAX (CREDIT) EXPENSE (continued)
            According to the relevant provisions of Implementation Rules for the Law for Promoting Private
            Education and the Implementation Rules, private schools, which are providing academic qualification
            education, are eligible to enjoy income tax exemption treatment if the school sponsors of such schools
            do not require reasonable returns or the schools are elected to be not-for-profit schools. In June 2021,
            the Group submitted the application for the election for the conversion of CUCN into for-profit private
            school (the “Conversion”) in accordance with these laws and regulations. As at 31 December 2023 and
            2022, the Conversion was still in process and the tax positions of CUCN has not been changed for both
            years. CUCN followed previous EIT preferential treatments according to the current tax practice. During
            the year ended 31 December 2023, the non-taxable income amounted to RMB586,533,000 (2022:
            RMB558,801,000), and the related non-deductible expenses amounted to RMB399,685,000 (2022:
            RMB261,224,000).

            The income tax (credit) expense for the year can be reconciled to the (loss) profit before tax per the
            consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as follows:

                                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                                         2023             2022
                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000
            (Loss) profit before tax from continuing operations                      (181,229)             96,047
            Tax at PRC EIT rate of 25%                                               (45,307)              24,012
            Tax effect on expenses not deductible for tax purposes                   101,209               67,398
            Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purpose                        (146,633)            (140,504)
            Tax effect of deductible temporary differences not recognised             65,448               64,074
            Tax effect of tax losses not recognised                                   25,566                2,854
            Income tax at concessionary rate                                            (445)                   –
            Income tax (credit) expense for the year relating to continuing
              operations                                                                 (162)             17,834




102   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




11.   (LOSS) PROFIT FOR THE YEAR
      (Loss) profit for the year from continuing operations has been arrived at after charging:

                                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                                                                     2023             2022
                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000
      Directors’ remuneration                                                       5,682                   4,878
      Other staff costs
        – salaries and other allowances                                          149,071                 120,117
        – retirement benefit scheme contributions                                 21,013                  20,238
        – equity-settled share-based payments                                      1,204                       –
      Total staff costs                                                          176,970                 145,233
      Depreciation of property and equipment                                       56,495                 49,006
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                          12,246                  8,669
      Amortisation of intangible assets                                             9,107                    472
      Total depreciation and amortization                                          77,848                  58,147
      Less: Capitalised in construction in progress                                   (85)                   (843)
                                                                                   77,763                  57,304
      Write-down of inventories (included in cost of revenue)                      20,003                 36,052
      Impairment loss on prepayment for television series production
        (included in cost of revenue)                                              63,000                       –
      Auditor’s remuneration                                                        3,962                   3,580


12.   DISCONTINUED OPERATION AND DISPOSAL OF SHUIMUYUAN
      On 6 April 2021, the Group completed the acquisition of Beijing Shuimu Huaxia Education Technology Co.,
      Ltd.（北京水木華夏教育科技有限公司）and its subsidiaries (collectively referred as “Shuimuyuan”) and
      commenced the business in provision of art training services in the PRC.

      On 29 December 2021, the management of the Group decided to exit art training service business carried
      out by Shuimuyuan, taking into account that the tightening regulatory requirements for off-campus
      training (including non-curriculum-based tutoring) released since the fourth quarter of 2021, together
      with the notices of temporary closure of offline off-campus training institutions due to COVID-19
      issued by certain municipal and provincial government authorities, may have a potential adverse
      impact on the operations, results and performance of Shuimuyuan. The management of the Group has
      initiated an active program to locate a buyer for Shuimuyuan. The associated assets and liabilities were
      consequently presented as held for sale in these consolidated financial statements as at 31 December
      2021, and the art training business were therefore presented as discontinued business for the year then
      ended.

      On 28 March 2022, Nanjing Bicheng entered into the unwind agreement (the “Unwind Agreement”) with
      the Founder of Shuimuyuan, Ms. You Xiaofei, the spouse of the Founder of Shuimuyuan and Qingdao
      Yangjin Culture and Art Partnership (Limited Partnership)（青島央金文化合夥企業（有限合夥）), whose
      ultimate beneficial owner is the Founder of Shuimuyuan (collectively referred as the “Purchasers”),
      to dispose of all equity interests in Shuimuyuan at the consideration of RMB165,000,000 and the
      settlement arrangement relating to the outstanding loan amounted to RMB12,675,000 granted
      by Nanjing Lanchou to Shuimuyuan. The loan was settled by 31 December 2022. The disposal was
      completed on 12 April 2022 and the contingent considerations in the Acquisition Agreement were lapsed
      and included in the calculation of the gain or loss on disposal of Shuimuyuan.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023   103
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      12.   DISCONTINUED OPERATION AND DISPOSAL OF SHUIMUYUAN (continued)
            Gain for the year from discontinued operation was set out below:

                                                                                     1 January 2022
                                                                                          to 12 April
                                                                                               2022
                                                                                           RMB’000
            Loss for the year from discontinued operation                                    (19,568)
            Gain on disposal of Shuimuyuan                                                    63,278
                                                                                              43,710


            The results of the discontinued operation were as follows:

                                                                                     1 January 2022
                                                                                          to 12 April
                                                                                               2022
                                                                                           RMB’000
            Revenue                                                                           21,624
            Cost of revenue, selling expenses and administrative expenses                    (40,816)
            Impairment loss recognised on goodwill                                                 –
            Finance costs                                                                     (2,434)
            Other income                                                                         850
            Loss before income tax                                                           (20,776)
            Income tax credit                                                                  1,208
            Loss for the year                                                                (19,568)
            Loss for the year from discontinued operation attributable to
              Owner of the Company                                                           (18,638)
              Non-controlling interests                                                         (930)
                                                                                             (19,568)
            Depreciation of property and equipment                                             2,323
            Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                7,289
            Amortisation of other intangible assets                                            5,205


            The net cash flows used in the discontinued operation were as follows:

                                                                                     1 January 2022
                                                                                          to 12 April
                                                                                               2022
                                                                                           RMB’000
            Net cash flows used in operating activities                                      (46,335)
            Net cash flows used in investing activities                                         (116)
            Net cash flows used in financing activities                                         (700)
            Net cash flows                                                                   (47,151)




104   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




12.   DISCONTINUED OPERATION AND DISPOSAL OF SHUIMUYUAN (continued)
      Details of the consideration, assets and liabilities in relation to the discontinued operation disposed of
      were set out below:

                                                                                                     12 April
                                                                                                       2022
                                                                                                    RMB’000
      Analysis of assets and liabilities over which control was lost:
       Property and equipment                                                                           54,306
       Right-of-use assets                                                                            210,385
       Other intangible assets                                                                        155,487
       Deferred tax assets                                                                              50,593
       Trade and other receivables                                                                      17,456
       Tax recoverable                                                                                   2,752
       Bank balances and cash                                                                           15,267
       Trade and other payables                                                                        (47,052)
       Amount due to the Founder of Shuimuyuan                                                         (17,980)
       Amount due to Nanjing Lanchou                                                                  (12,675)
       Contract liabilities                                                                           (19,397)
       Lease liabilities                                                                             (204,342)
       Deferred tax liabilities                                                                       (95,422)
      Net assets disposed of (excluding goodwill)                                                    109,378


                                                                                                    RMB’000
      Consideration received:
        Cash received                                                                                100,000
        Deferred cash consideration (note 21)                                                         57,376
      Total consideration received                                                                    157,376
      Gain on disposal of Shuimuyuan:
       Consideration received and receivables                                                         157,376
       Contingent considerations derecognised in relation to
        the acquisition of Shuimuyuan                                                                  56,000
       Net assets disposed of (excluding goodwill)                                                   (109,378)
       Attributable goodwill                                                                          (55,379)
       Non-controlling interests                                                                        9,598
       Release of translation reserve                                                                   5,061
      Gain on disposal                                                                                 63,278
      Net cash inflow arising on disposal:
       Cash consideration                                                                            100,000
       Less: bank balances and cash disposed of                                                      (15,267)
                                                                                                       84,733




                                                                                              Annual Report 2023   105
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      13.   DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS
            Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments
            Details of the emoluments paid or payable by the Group to directors and chief executive of the Company
            for both years are as follows:

                                                                                              Retirement
                                                                                 Salaries         benefit
                                                                                and other         scheme
                                                                      Fees    allowances    contributions     Total
                                                                   RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000
            For the year ended 31 December 2023
            Executive directors:
              Mr. Pu Shulin                                            200         1,200               –      1,400
              Ms. Jacqueline Luo (appointed on 27 June 2023)           100           960               –      1,060
              Mr. Wu Ye                                                200           218              85        503
              Mr. Yan Xiang (resigned on 27 June 2023)                 100             –               –        100
              Mr. Lau Chi Hung                                         200         1,803              16      2,019
            Sub-total                                                  800         4,181             101      5,082
            Independent non-executive directors:
              Mr. Zhang Jizhong                                        200             –               –        200
              Mr. Lee Cheuk Yin Dannis                                 200             –               –        200
              Mr. Huang Yu                                             200             –               –        200
            Sub-total                                                  600             –               –        600
            Total                                                    1,400         4,181             101      5,682
            For the year ended 31 December 2022
            Executive directors:
              Mr. Pu Shulin                                            200         1,200               –      1,400
              Mr. Sun Haitao (resigned on 27 May 2022)                 100             –               –        100
              Mr. Wu Ye                                                200           239              84        523
              Mr. Yan Xiang                                            200           240               –        440
              Mr. Lau Chi Hung (appointed on 27 May 2022)               86         1,714              15      1,815
            Sub-total                                                  786         3,393              99      4,278
            Independent non-executive directors:
              Mr. Zhang Jizhong                                        200             –               –        200
              Mr. Lee Cheuk Yin Dannis                                 200             –               –        200
              Mr. Huang Yu                                             200             –               –        200
            Sub-total                                                  600             –               –        600
            Total                                                    1,386         3,393              99      4,878


            The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with the
            management of the affairs of the Company and the Group. Mr. Pu Shulin is also the chief executive officer
            of the Company and his emoluments disclosed above also include those for services rendered by him as
            the chief executive officer.

            The independent non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as directors
            of the Company.




106   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




13.   DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS (continued)
      Employees’ emoluments
      The five highest paid employees of the Group during the year included three (2022: two) directors, details
      of whose emoluments are included in the disclosures above. Details of the emoluments for the year of
      the remaining two (2022: three) highest paid employees who are neither a director nor chief executive of
      the Company are as follows:

                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                    2023             2022
                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000
      Salaries and other benefits                                                  1,292                1,871
      Retirement benefit scheme contributions                                        258                  278
      Equity-settled share-based payments                                          1,204                    –
                                                                                   2,754                2,149


      The number of the highest paid employees who are not the directors of the Company whose emoluments
      fell within the following bands is as follows:

                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                    2023             2022
                                                                                  No. of            No. of
                                                                              employees         employees
      Nil to HK$1,000,000                                                               1                   3
      HK$1,000,001 to HK$2,500,000                                                      1                   –


      During both years, no emoluments were paid by the Group to any of the executive directors, independent
      non-executive directors, or the five highest paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the
      Group or as compensation for loss of office.

14.   DIVIDENDS
                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                    2023             2022
                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000
      Dividends for ordinary shareholders of the Company
        recognised as distribution during the year:
        2023 interim dividend of HK$0.03 (2022: 2022 interim
          dividend of HK$0.06) per share                                          45,546               90,049
        2022 final dividend of nil (2022: 2021 final dividend of
          HK$0.03) per share                                                           –               42,283
        2022 special dividend of nil (2022: 2021 special dividend of
          HK$0.03) per share                                                           –               42,284
                                                                                  45,546             174,616


      Subsequent to the end of the reporting period, a special dividend of HK$0.06 per ordinary share in
      respect of the year ended 31 December 2023, in an aggregate amount of approximately HK$99,296,000,
      has been proposed by the directors of the Company at the board meeting held on 27 March 2024 and
      is subject to approval by the shareholders of the Company in the forthcoming annual general meeting
      (2022: Nil).



                                                                                              Annual Report 2023   107
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      15.   (LOSS) EARNINGS PER SHARE
            From continuing operations
            The calculation of basic and diluted (loss) earnings per share from continuing operations attributable to
            owners of the Company is based on the following data:

                                                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                          2023             2022
                                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000
            (Loss) earnings
            (Loss) profit for the year attributable to owners of the
              Company from continuing operations for the purpose of
              basic and diluted (loss) earnings per share                                              (196,265)                   51,827


                                                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                          2023             2022
                                                                                                           ’000             ’000
            Number of shares
            Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the
              purpose of basic (loss) earnings per share                                             1,622,937                 1,629,654
            Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares
              – share options (Note)                                                                            –                     N/A
            Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the
             purpose of diluted (loss) earnings per share                                            1,622,937                 1,629,654

            Note:   The computation of diluted loss per share for the year ended 31 December 2023 did not assume the exercise of the Company’s
                    share options granted under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme as defined in note 28 as the exercise price of the share
                    options was higher than the average market price for shares for the year. No diluted earnings per share was presented as
                    there were no potential ordinary shares in issue for the year ended 31 December 2022.


            From continuing and discontinued operations
            The calculation of the basic and diluted (loss) earnings per share from continuing and discontinued
            operations attributable to the owners of the Company is based on the following data:

                                                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                          2023             2022
                                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000
            (Loss) earnings
            (Loss) profit for the year attributable to owners of the
              Company for the purpose of basic and diluted (loss)
              earnings per share                                                                       (196,265)                  96,467


            The denominators used are the same as those detailed above for both basic and diluted (loss) earnings
            per share.

            From discontinued operation
            For the year ended 31 December 2022, basic earnings per share for the discontinued operation
            was RMB2.74 cents per share based on the profit for the year from the discontinued operation of
            RMB44,640,000 and the denominator detailed above for basic earnings per share.




108   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




16.   PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
                              Buildings    Furniture
                                    and           and     Motor     Electronic  Leasehold     Construction
                              facilities     fixtures   vehicles   equipment improvements      in progress      Total
                              RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000
      COST
      At 1 January 2022        949,998       89,351        6,228     153,927            –          179,968    1,379,472
      Additions                      –       23,013        2,300      18,277            –           98,343      141,933
      Transfer                 167,130            –            –           –        5,034         (172,164)           –
      At 31 December 2022     1,117,128     112,364       8,528      172,204         5,034         106,147    1,521,405
      Additions                       –       8,488      10,466        7,974         1,865         231,609      260,402
      Disposal/write-off              –           –           –            –        (1,865)              –        (1,865)
      Transfer                  337,756           –           –            –             –        (337,756)            –
      At 31 December 2023     1,454,884     120,852      18,994      180,178        5,034               –     1,779,942
      DEPRECIATION
      At 1 January 2022        235,794       78,529        5,200     112,990            –                –     432,513
      Provided for the year     28,049        8,125          820      11,752          260                –      49,006
      At 31 December 2022      263,843       86,654        6,020     124,742          260                –     481,519
      Provided for the year     31,861        8,957        1,656      11,812        2,209                –      56,495
      Disposal/write-off             –            –            –           –         (329)               –        (329)
      At 31 December 2023      295,704       95,611        7,676     136,554        2,140                –      537,685
      CARRYING VALUES
      At 31 December 2023     1,159,180      25,241       11,318      43,624        2,894               –     1,242,257
      At 31 December 2022      853,285        25,710       2,508      47,462        4,774         106,147     1,039,886


      The above items of property and equipment other than construction in progress are depreciated on a
      straight-line basis, after taking into account their estimated residual value, at the following useful life:

      Buildings and facilities                                                                        20-50 years
      Furniture and fixtures                                                                            3-5 years
      Motor vehicles                                                                                    4-8 years
      Electronic equipment                                                                              3-5 years
      Leasehold improvements                                                      Shorter of lease term or 5 years

      As of 31 December 2023, the Group is in the process of obtaining title deeds of buildings with carrying
      value of RMB665,731,000 (2022: RMB434,976,000).




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023     109
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      17.   RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
                                                                       Leasehold           Leased
                                                                           lands        properties           Total
                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000
            As at 31 December 2023
            Carrying amounts                                              109,422           27,217          136,639
            As at 31 December 2022
            Carrying amounts                                              112,323           36,168          148,491
            For the year ended 31 December 2023
            Depreciation charge                                             2,901            9,345           12,246
            Capitalised in construction in progress                             –              (85)             (85)
                                                                            2,901            9,260            12,161
            For the year ended 31 December 2022
            Depreciation charge                                             2,693            5,976             8,669
            Capitalised in construction in progress                             –             (843)             (843)
                                                                            2,693             5,133            7,826


                                                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                                                           2023             2022
                                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000
            Expense relating to short-term leases                                         1,170                1,553
            Total cash outflow for leases                                                 6,854               37,137
            Additions to right-of-use assets from
              – new leases of lands in the PRC                                                –              19,046
              – new leases of properties in the PRC                                       2,981              38,274
                                                                                          2,981               57,320


            The above items of right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the terms of the
            leases.

            During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group entered into a new lease agreement for the use
            of leased property with lease term of 3 years. On date of lease commencement, the Group recognised
            right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of RMB2,981,000, respectively. On 26 December 2023, the
            Group terminated this lease agreement and derecognised right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of
            RMB2,587,000 and RMB2,511,000, respectively, resulting in loss on termination of a lease agreement of
            RMB76,000.

            During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group entered into two lease agreements with Mr. Pu
            Shulin for its headquarters with a fixed term of three years and made lump sum upfront payments to Mr.
            Pushulin. On the lease commencement, the Group recognised RMB12,293,000 of right-of-use assets. In
            addition, the Group entered into another lease agreement with a third party for its operations with a fixed
            term of five years and on the lease commencement, recognised RMB25,981,000 of right-of-use assets
            and RMB24,922,000 of lease liabilities, respectively.




110   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




17.   RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (continued)
      As at 31 December 2023, the carrying values of the leasehold lands of RMB109,422,000 (2022:
      RMB112,323,000) are allocated by the government, which have no definite lease term stated in
      the relevant land use rights certificates. However, without the relevant administrative authorities’
      permission, the Group cannot transfer, lease or pledge as security such land use rights allocated by the
      government. The leasehold lands are amortised on a straight-line basis over a period of 50 years, which
      is based on the lease terms or estimated by the management with reference to the normal terms in the
      PRC.

      The Group regularly entered into short-term leases for staff apartments and offices. As at 31 December
      2023 and 2022, the portfolio of short-term leases is similar to the portfolio of short-term leases to which
      the short-term lease expenses disclosed above.

      Details of the lease maturity analysis of lease liabilities are set out in notes 26 and 30.

18.   INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                   Exclusive
                                                                 cooperation
                                                                  agreement           Software              Total
                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000
      COST
      At 1 January 2022                                                      –            3,166               3,166
      Additions                                                              –              322                 322
      At 31 December 2022                                                   –             3,488              3,488
      Additions                                                        41,321               938             42,259
      At 31 December 2023                                              41,321             4,426             45,747
      AMORTISATION
      At 1 January 2022                                                      –            1,888               1,888
      Additions                                                              –              472                 472
      At 31 December 2022                                                   –             2,360               2,360
      Additions                                                         8,775               332               9,107
      At 31 December 2023                                               8,775             2,692             11,467
      CARRYING VALUES
      At 31 December 2023                                              32,546             1,734             34,280
      At 31 December 2022                                                    –            1,128               1,128


      On 12 May 2023, the Group entered into an exclusive cooperation agreement (the “Exclusive Cooperation
      Agreement”) with an independent third-party entity and three individuals, pursuant to which the parties
      agreed to exclusive cooperation in the livestreaming e-commerce and entertainment management for
      three-years period and made the upfront payments of RMB43,800,000. On the commencement date, the
      Group recognised RMB41,321,000 (excluding value added tax) of the Exclusive Cooperation Agreement,
      which will be amortised on a straight-line basis over three years. Details of the Exclusive Cooperation
      Agreement were set out in the announcement of the Company dated on 31 May 2023.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023   111
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      18.   INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued)
            The above intangible assets have finite useful lives and are amortised on a straight-line basis over the
            following periods:

            Exclusive cooperation agreement                                                                              3 years
            Software                                                                                                     3 years

      19.   DEFERRED TAX ASSETS/LIABILITIES
            For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of financial position, certain deferred
            tax assets and liabilities have been offset. The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for
            financial reporting purposes:

                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                 2023             2022
                                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000
            Deferred tax assets                                                                    4,692                 5,664
            Deferred tax liabilities                                                              (4,529)               (5,794)
                                                                                                       163               (130)


            The following are the major deferred tax assets and liabilities recognised and movements thereon during
            the current and prior years:

                                                                Fair value
                                                     ECL     adjustments      Accrued        Lease     Right-of-use
                                                provision        on FVTPL    expenses    liabilities         assets      Total
                                                RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000
            At 1 January 2022                       7,624             929       8,951            –             (969)     16,535
            (Charge) credit to profit or loss      (7,624)           (929)     (8,951)       5,664           (4,825)    (16,665)
            At 31 December 2022                        –                –           –        5,664           (5,794)       (130)
            (Charge) credit to profit or loss          –                –           –         (972)           1,265         293
            At 31 December 2023                        –                –          –         4,692           (4,529)       163


            Under the EIT Law of the PRC, withholding tax is imposed on dividends declared in respect of profits
            earned by PRC subsidiaries from 1 January 2008 onwards. As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, no
            deferred tax liabilities regarding the withholding tax has been provided as the PRC subsidiaries will not
            declare any dividend to holding companies outside mainland China in the foreseeable future.

            As at 31 December 2023, the Group has unrecognised deductible temporary differences of
            RMB591,425,000 (2022: RMB329,632,000). In the opinion of the directors of the Company, no deferred
            tax asset is recognised in relation to such deductible temporary differences as it is not probable that
            taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences can be utilised.

            As at 31 December 2023, the Group has unrecognised tax losses of RMB266,334,000 (2022:
            RMB164,465,000), among which tax losses amounted to RMB262,984,000 (2022: RMB161,831,000)
            will expire at various dates up to and including 2028 and tax losses amounted to RMB3,350,000 (2022:
            RMB2,634,000) has no expiry date. In the opinion of the directors of the Company, no deferred tax assets
            in respect of tax losses are recognised due to the unpredictability of future profit streams.




112   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




20.   INVENTORIES
                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                  2023             2022
                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000
      Scripts                                                                    8,902              7,659
      Television series and films completed                                     24,906            101,467
      Other products                                                               167                  –
                                                                                33,975            109,126


21.   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                  2023             2022
                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000
      Trade receivables
        – from entertainment and livestreaming e-commerce                      575,594            512,303
        – from higher and vocational education                                   4,980              4,585
                                                                                580,574           516,888
      Less: Allowance for credit losses (Note ii)                              (412,287)          (171,170)
                                                                               168,287            345,718
      Other receivables and prepayments
      Loan Receivables (defined below) (Note i)                                 420,000           420,000
      Less: Allowance for credit losses (Notes i and ii)                       (161,306)           (65,757)
                                                                               258,694            354,243
      Consideration Receivables (note 12) (Note iii)                            33,469             60,591
      Prepayment for television series production                                    –             63,000
      Prepayment for services                                                    9,815              7,226
      Value added tax recoverable                                                6,415              6,584
      Receivables from canteen operators                                         4,292              5,326
      Deposits for short-term leases                                             2,933              1,453
      Others                                                                     6,991              3,643
                                                                               322,609            502,066
                                                                               490,896            847,784
      Analysed as:
       – Current                                                               490,896            818,712
       – Non-current                                                                 –             29,072
                                                                               490,896            847,784




                                                                                           Annual Report 2023   113
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      21.   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (continued)
            Notes:

            i.       On 21 June 2021, Nanjing Lanchou entered into the sale and purchase agreement with Jiangsu China Red Science and
                     Education Investment Group Nanjing Energy and Technology Co. Ltd.（江蘇華紅科教投資集團南京能源科技有限公司）(the
                     “Transferor”), pursuant to which Nanjing Lanchou agreed to acquire the entire equity interests of Jiangsu China Red Science
                     and Education and Investment Group Co., Ltd.（江蘇華紅科教投資集團有限公司）(the “Target Company”) for an aggregate
                     cash consideration of RMB450,000,000 which may be adjusted to RMB250,000,000 if certain conditions precedent (including
                     completion of transfer of an additional land lot for the operation of the Olympic College of Nanjing Sport Institute（南京體
                     育學院奧林匹克學院）(the “Olympic College”) cannot be satisfied within 36 months from the date of the sale and purchase
                     agreement.

                     To facilitate the series of restructuring stated in the sale and purchase agreement, Nanjing Lanchou has also entered into
                     two loan agreements, pursuant to which Nanjing Lanchou shall grant to the Transferor two bridging loans in the principal
                     amounts of RMB250,000,000 (“250M Bridging Loan”) and RMB170,000,000 (“170M Bridging Loan”), respectively (collectively
                     referred as the “Loan Receivables”). The Loan Receivables were non-interest bearing with maturity date of six months, among
                     which RMB410,000,000 shall not be used for any purpose other than agreed terms in the loan agreements. Mr. Ye Hua and Ms.
                     Gao Jiehong, the founders of the Transferor, has provided the personal guarantee and pledged their 67% and 33% of equity
                     interests in the Transferor as well as their 9% equity interests in Jiangsu Zijin Science and Education Investment Co., Ltd.（江
                     蘇紫金科教投資有限公司）(“Jiangsu Zijin”) to Nanjing Lanchou as collaterals for the Loan Receivables.

                     As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, the Loan Receivables were not repaid and were overdue by the Transferor.

                     The directors of the Company are of the view that, after seeking legal advice and support from the independent valuer, the
                     market value of the pledged assets held by the Transferor and the founders of the Transferor, including 100% equity interests
                     of the Transferor and 9% equity interests of Jiangsu Zijin, will be approximately RMB258,694,000 (2022: RMB354,243,000)
                     as at the end of the reporting period, and the Group has recognised allowance for credit loss amounting to RMB161,306,000
                     (2022: RMB65,757,000) as at the end of the reporting period.

            ii.      Details of impairment assessment of trade and other receivables are set out in note 30.

            iii.     Pursuant to the Unwind Agreement (defined in note 12), the deferred considerations amounted/amounting to RMB25,000,000,
                     RMB25,000,000, RMB30,000,000 and RMB35,000,000 have been settled in four instalments by 15 August 2022, 15 December
                     2022, 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2024, respectively. The deferred considerations have been adjusted for the effects
                     of time value of money using an effective interest rate of 4.75% per annum. During the current year, the imputed interest
                     income amounted to RMB2,878,000 (2022:RMB3,215,000) was recognised and the remaining consideration receivables (the
                     “Consideration Receivables”) are analysed as at 31 December 2023 and 2022 as follows:

                                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                                  2023                   2022
                                                                                                               RMB’000                 RMB’000
                     Consideration Receivables
                       – Current                                                                                33,469                   31,519
                       – Non-current                                                                                 –                   29,072
                                                                                                                33,469                   60,591


                     Consideration Receivables were secured by 40% equity interests of Shuimuyuan. As at the end of the reporting period, the
                     Group has not recognised a loss allowance for Consideration Receivables as a result of these collaterals.


            As at 1 January 2022, trade receivables from contracts with customers amounted to RMB470,612,000.




114   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




21.   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (continued)
      The following is an ageing analysis of trade receivables net of allowance for credit losses presented
      based on the revenue recognition dates:

                                                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                                                        2023             2022
                                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000
      Less than 1 year                                                                                  88,958               26,765
      1 to 2 years                                                                                           –              143,000
      2 to 3 years                                                                                      38,349              175,953
      Over 3 years                                                                                      40,980                    –
                                                                                                       168,287              345,718


      The Group allows a credit period ranging from three months to one year to its customers. As at 31
      December 2023, included in the Group’s trade receivables balance are debtors with aggregate carrying
      amount of RMB79,329,000 (2022: RMB318,953,000) which are past due but not impaired as at the
      reporting date.

22.   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FVTPL
                                                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                                                        2023             2022
                                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000
      Financial assets mandatorily measured at FVTPL (Note i) :
        – Financial investment on films (Note ii)                                                       45,569               54,974
        – Structured deposits (Note iii)                                                               335,946              456,171
        – Listed equity investments in the PRC                                                             756                3,479
        – Unquoted fund investments                                                                     39,300                    –
                                                                                                       421,571              514,624
      Analysed as:
        – Current                                                                                      421,571              514,624
                                                                                                       421,571              514,624

      Notes:

      i.       Details of the fair value measurement for financial assets at FVTPL are set out in note 30.

      ii.      The financial investment on films were one investment that the Group solely provided funding, and were not entitled to the
               film copyrights. The financial asset was with minimum guaranteed return rates of 30%.

      iii.     The structured deposits were short-term investments issued by banks and financial institutions with no predetermined
               or guaranteed return and were not principal protected. These financial assets were with expected rates of return (not
               guaranteed), depending on the market price of underlying financial instruments, including listed shares, bonds, debentures
               and other financial assets.




                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023       115
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      23.   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS/RESTRICTED BANK DEPOSIT/TIME DEPOSITS
            Cash and cash equivalents include demand deposits and short-term deposits for the purpose of meeting
            the Group’s short term cash commitments, which carry interest at market rates range from 0.01% to
            4.65% (2022: 0.01% to 4.52%).

            As at 31 December 2022, the restricted bank deposit was in relation to a litigation claiming for the
            variable construction cost of the school campus. Bank balances amounting to RMB42,000,000 were
            frozen by the court, which has been released during the current year.

            Time deposits at 31 December 2023 carried fixed interest rates ranging from 1.70% to 4.60% per annum
            and will be matured over three months but within one year.

      24.   TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                       2023             2022
                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000
            Trade payables                                                            63,462              63,669
            Payables for property and equipment                                      121,821             115,663
            Payroll payables                                                          22,990              21,568
            Miscellaneous deposits received from students                             18,059              17,034
            Deposits from construction suppliers                                       8,434               8,578
            Discretionary subsidies received on behalf of students                       574               4,278
            Value added tax and other taxes payable                                    4,878               4,751
            Other payables                                                             5,138               1,255
                                                                                     245,356                 236,796


            The following is an ageing analysis of trade payables presented based on the transaction date.

                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                       2023             2022
                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000
            Within 1 year                                                             17,395                 17,557
            1 to 2 years                                                               2,206                  1,463
            Over 2 years                                                              43,861                 44,649
                                                                                      63,462                 63,669




116   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




25.   CONTRACT LIABILITIES
                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                  2023             2022
                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000
      Contract liabilities
        – from entertainment and livestreaming e-commerce                        28,320             26,631
        – from higher and vocational education                                  347,989            273,876
                                                                               376,309             300,507
      Analysed as:
       – Current                                                               376,309             300,507


      As at 1 January 2022, contract liabilities amounted to RMB281,716,000.

      Contract liabilities as at 1 January 2022 and 31 December 2022, amounted to RMB281,716,000 and
      RMB300,507,000 respectively, were recognised as revenue during the years ended 31 December 2022
      and 2023 respectively.

26.   LEASE LIABILITIES
                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                  2023             2022
                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000
      Lease liabilities payable:
      Within one year                                                             4,192               3,601
      Within a period of more than one year but not more than
        two years                                                                5,447                4,478
      Within a period of more than two years but not more than
        five years                                                                9,129             14,576
                                                                                18,768              22,655
      Less: Amount due for settlement with 12 months shown
        under current liabilities                                                (4,192)             (3,601)
      Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown under
       non-current liabilities                                                  14,576              19,054


      The weighted average incremental borrowing rates applied to lease liabilities was 6% (2022: 6%).




                                                                                            Annual Report 2023   117
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      27.   SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                                      Shown in the
                                                                                                      consolidated
                                                                       Number of          Share           financial
                                                                          shares         Capital       statements
                                                                                           HK$            RMB’000
            Ordinary shares of HK$0.00001 each
            Authorised:
            At 1 January 2022, 31 December 2022 and
              31 December 2023                                    5,000,000,000           50,000
            Issued and fully paid:
            At 1 January 2022                                     1,660,000,000           16,600                118
            Shares repurchased and cancelled                         (5,063,000)             (51)                (1)
            At 31 December 2022 and 2023                          1,654,937,000           16,549                117


            During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Company repurchased and cancelled its own ordinary
            shares in the Stock Exchange as follows:

                                        No. of ordinary        Price per share                  Aggregate
            Month of Repurchase                  shares      Highest           Lowest       consideration paid
                                                                                                        Equivalent to
                                                                HK$              HK$       HK$’000          RMB’000
            January 2022                      2,182,000         1.94             1.68         3,990            3,412
            February 2022                     2,881,000         2.08             1.87         5,662            4,844
            Total                             5,063,000                                       9,652            8,256


            During the year ended 31 December 2023, there were no shares repurchased and cancelled by the
            Company.

            None of the Company’s subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities
            during the year.

      28.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS
            The Company has adopted two share schemes, namely the post initial public offering share award
            scheme (the “Post-IPO Share Award Scheme”) and the post initial public offering share option scheme
            (the “Post-IPO Share Option Scheme”).

            Post-IPO Share Award Scheme
            On 24 September 2021, the Company adopted the share award scheme (the “Post-IPO Share Award
            Scheme”) to align the interests of eligible persons with those of the Company through ownership of
            shares, dividends and other distributions paid on shares and/or the increase in value of the shares, and
            to encourage and retain eligible persons to make contributions to the long-term growth and profits of
            the Group. The Company has established the Cathay Media and Education Share Incentive (the “Trust”) to
            administer and hold the Company’s shares before they are vested and transferred. The Trust purchased
            the Company’s shares from the open market using cash contributed by the Company, not permitted to
            exceed 32,000,000 shares without further shareholders’ approval.




118   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




28.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (continued)
      Post-IPO Share Award Scheme (continued)
      During the year ended 31 December 2022, 18,259,000 shares amounted to HK$20,565,000 (equivalent
      to RMB17,633,000) were purchased under the share award scheme. As at 31 December 2023 and 2022,
      32,000,000 shares in a total consideration of HK$63,102,000 (equivalent to RMB52,411,000) were
      recognised as treasury shares in the consolidated statement of changes in equity.

      No shares were granted under the share award scheme by the Company for both years.

      Post-IPO Share Option Scheme
      The Post-IPO Share Option Scheme was adopted pursuant to the written resolutions of the shareholders
      passed on 22 June 2020 to provide eligible persons with the opportunity to acquire proprietary interests
      in the Company and to encourage the eligible person to work towards enhancing the value of the
      Company.

      On 30 May 2023, the Company granted 10,000,000 options to an employee of the Group pursuant to the
      Post-IPO Share Option Scheme. The details of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme are as follows:

                                                                                 Number of
                                                                                    options     Fair value at
      Date of grant        Vesting period           Exercise period            to be vested       grant date
                                                                                                         HK$
      31 May 2023          31 May 2023              1 May 2024                    2,000,000          852,000
                             ~30 April 2024           ~ 30 May 2028

      31 May 2023          31 May 2023              1 May 2025                    3,000,000        1,285,000
                             ~30 April 2025           ~ 30 May 2028

      31 May 2023          31 May 2023              1 May 2026                    3,000,000        1,264,000
                             ~30 April 2026           ~ 30 May 2028

      31 May 2023          31 May 2023              1 November 2026               2,000,000          830,000
                             ~30 October 2026         ~ 30 May 2028

      No option was exercised during the current year. The Group recognised the total expense of
      RMB1,204,000 during the year ended 31 December 2023 in relation to Post-IPO Share Option granted by
      the Company (2022: Nil).

      The fair value of the Post-IPO Share Option was determined at the date of grant using the binomial
      option-pricing model. Option valuation model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions,
      including the option’s expected life and the price volatility of the underlying shares, and changes in the
      subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate of share options.

      Stock price as at grant date                                                                      HK$1.4
      Exercise price                                                                                    HK$1.4
      Expected volatility                                                                               49.63%
      Expected life                                                                                  2.32 years
      Risk-free rate                                                                                  3.3372%
      Expected dividend yield                                                                            6.43%




                                                                                              Annual Report 2023   119
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      28.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (continued)
            Post-IPO Share Option Scheme (continued)
            The binomial option-pricing model has been used to estimate the fair value of the options. The variables
            and assumptions used in computing the fair value of the share options are based on the directors’ best
            estimate. Expected volatility was determined by using the historical volatility of comparable company’s
            share prices with discounts for lack of marketability. Changes in variables and assumptions may result in
            changes in the fair value of the options.

            As at 31 December 2023, the number of shares in respect of which options had been granted and
            remained outstanding under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme was 10,000,000 (2022: Nil).

      29.   CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
            The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going
            concern while maximising the return to shareholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity
            balance. The Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from prior year.

            The capital structure of the Group consists of net debt, which includes lease liabilities disclosed in
            note 26, net of cash and cash equivalents and equity attributable attributable to owners of the Group,
            comprising issued share capital, retained profits and other reserves.

            The management reviews the capital structure on a semi-annual basis. As part of this review, the
            management considers the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. Based on
            recommendations of the management, the Group will balance its overall capital structure through the
            payment of dividends, new share issues and share buy-backs as well as the issue of new debt or the
            redemption of existing debt.

      30.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
            A.    Categories of financial instruments
                                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                                        2023             2022
                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000
                  Financial assets
                  Financial assets at FVTPL                                           421,571              514,624
                  Financial assets at amortised cost                                1,193,082            1,334,907
                  Financial liabilities
                  Financial liabilities at amortised cost                             238,438             231,427
                  Lease liabilities                                                    18,768              22,655




120   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




30.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
      B.   Financial risk management objectives and policies
           The Group’s major financial instruments include trade and other receivables, financial assets at
           FVTPL, rental deposit, restricted bank deposit, time deposits, cash and cash equivalents, trade
           and other payables and dividend payable. Details of the financial instruments are disclosed
           in respective notes. The risks associated with these financial instruments include market risk
           (currency risk and interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The policies on how to mitigate
           these risks are set out below. The management of the Group manages and monitors these
           exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective manner.

           Market risk
           (i)    Currency risk
                  Certain of the Group’s bank balances and trade and other payables are denominated in
                  HK$, US$ and Great Britain Pound (“GBP”), which expose the Group to foreign currency risk
                  attributable to the fluctuations in the exchange rates of the relevant foreign currencies
                  against the functional currency of the respective group entities.

                  The carrying amounts of the Group’s monetary assets and monetary liabilities at the
                  reporting date that are denominated in foreign currencies are as follows:

                                                       Assets                           Liabilities
                                                    2023            2022               2023           2022
                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000
                  HK$                                   4                 4                 –             1,318
                  US$                                  58                 –                 –                 –
                  GBP                                 831             2,195                 –                 –


                  The Group currently does not have a foreign currency hedging policy. However, the
                  management monitors foreign exchange exposure and will consider hedging significant
                  foreign currency exposure when the need arises.

                 Sensitivity analysis
                  The Group is mainly exposed to the fluctuation of relevant foreign currencies against RMB.

                  The following table details the Group’s sensitivity to a 5% (2022: 5%) increase and decrease
                  in RMB against the relevant foreign currencies 5% (2022: 5%) is the sensitivity rate used
                  when reporting foreign currency risk internally to the key management personnel and
                  represents management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change in foreign
                  exchange rates. The sensitivity analysis includes only outstanding foreign currency
                  denominated monetary items and adjusts their translation at the end of the reporting
                  date for a 5% (2022: 5%) change in foreign currency rates. A positive number below
                  indicates an increase in post-tax profit and other equity where RMB strengthen 5% (2022:
                  5%) against the relevant currencies. For a 5% (2022: 5%) weakening of RMB against the
                  relevant currencies, there would be an equal and opposite impact on the profit and other
                  comprehensive income and the amounts below would be negative.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2023   121
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      30.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
            B.    Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
                  Market risk (continued)
                  (i)    Currency risk (continued)
                                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                                        2023             2022
                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000
                         HK$ impact                                                          –                  49
                         US$ impact                                                         (2)                  –
                         GBP impact                                                        (31)                (82)


                  (ii)   Interest rate risk
                         The Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to fixed-rate deposits and
                         lease liabilities. The Group is also exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to
                         variable-rate bank balances.

                         The Group will continue to monitor the exposure on cash flow interest rate risk and will
                         consider hedging the interest rate should the need arise. In the management’s opinion, the
                         Group does not have material interest rate risk exposure and hence no sensitivity analysis
                         is presented.

                  Credit risk and impairment assessment
                  Credit risk refers to the risk that the Group’s counterparties default on their contractual
                  obligations resulting in financial losses to the Group. The Group’s credit risk exposures are
                  primarily attributable to trade receivables, Loan Receivables, Consideration Receivables,
                  Other receivables, restricted bank deposit and cash and cash equivalents. The Group does not
                  hold any collateral or other credit enhancements to cover its credit risks associated with its
                  financial assets, except for the credit risks associated with Loan Receivables and Consideration
                  Receivables.

                  Trade receivables
                  Trade receivables from entertainment and livestreaming e-commerce are mainly due from
                  television series stations, online platforms and other third-party distributors. Payment terms
                  are negotiated on an individual contract basis and varies for each customer. The Group has
                  concentration of credit risk as 53.70% (2022: 60.31%) and 97.39% (2022: 98.24%) of the total
                  trade receivables was due from the Group’s largest customer and the five largest customers
                  respectively within the entertainment and livestreaming e-commerce segment.

                  Trade receivables from higher and vocational education are mainly due from students and
                  canteen operators, which contributed 0.86% (2022: 0.89%) of the total trade receivables of the
                  Group.




122   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




30.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
      B.   Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
           Credit risk and impairment assessment (continued)
           Trade receivables (continued)
           In order to minimise the credit risk, management has delegated a team responsible for
           determination of credit limits and credit approvals and other monitoring procedures to ensure
           that follow-up action is taken to recover overdue debts.

           In addition, the Group performs individual impairment assessment under ECL model on these
           credit-impaired trade receivables. Except for items that are subject to individual evaluation, which
           are assessed for impairment individually, the remaining trade receivables are grouped based on
           shared credit risk characteristics by reference to the Group’s internal credit rating, taking into
           account repayment history, customer-specific conditions and past-due status.

           Loan Receivables and Consideration Receivables
           The management estimates the estimated loss rates of Loan Receivables and Consideration
           Receivables based on the payment history of the debtors as well as the fair value of the
           collateral pledged to the Loan Receivables and Consideration Receivables, respectively. Based on
           assessment by the management, the allowances are recognised based on the estimated realised
           amount of ultimate disposal of the collaterals.

           Other receivables
           For other receivable (other than Loan Receivables and Consideration Receivables), the
           management makes periodic individual assessment on the recoverability of other receivables
           based on historical settlement records, past experience, and also quantitative and qualitative
           information that is reasonable and supportive forward-looking information. The management
           believes that there is no significant increase in credit risk of these amounts since initial
           recognition and the Group provided impairment based on 12m ECL. For the years ended 31
           December 2023 and 2022, the Group assessed the ECL for other receivables are insignificant and
           thus no loss allowance is recognised.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2023   123
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      30.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
            B.    Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
                  Credit risk and impairment assessment (continued)
                  Restricted bank deposit, time deposits and cash and cash equivalents
                  Credit risk on restricted bank deposit, time deposits and cash and cash equivalents is limited
                  because the counterparties are reputable banks with high credit ratings assigned by credit
                  agencies. The Group assessed 12m ECL for restricted bank deposit, time deposits and cash
                  and cash equivalents by reference to information relating to probability of default and loss
                  given default of the respective credit rating grades published by external credit rating agencies.
                  Based on the average loss rates, the 12m ECL on restricted bank deposit, time deposits and
                  cash and cash equivalents is considered to be insignificant and therefore no loss allowance was
                  recognised.

                  The following table shows the Group’s credit risk grading framework in respect of financial assets:

                  Internal credit                                                               Other financial
                  rating              Description                         Trade receivables     assets
                  Performing          For financial assets where there    Lifetime ECL - not    12m ECL
                                        has low risk of default or has      credit-impaired
                                        not been a significant increase
                                        in credit risk since initial
                                        recognition and that are not
                                        credit-impaired

                  Doubtful            For financial assets where there    Lifetime ECL - not    12m ECL
                                        has been a significant increase     credit-impaired
                                        in credit risk since initial
                                        recognition but that are not
                                        credit-impaired

                  Default             Financial assets are assessed       Lifetime ECL -        Lifetime ECL
                                        as credit-impaired when one         credit-impaired       -credit-impaired
                                        or more events that have a
                                        detrimental impact on the
                                        estimated future cash flows of
                                        that asset have occurred




124   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




30.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
      B.   Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
           Credit risk and impairment assessment (continued)
           The tables below detail the credit risk exposures of the Group’s financial assets, which are subject
           to ECL assessment:

                                                                                                          2023                          2022
                                                   Internal
                                                   credit         12m or                        Gross carrying                   Gross carrying
                                             Notes rating         lifetime ECL                     amount                           amount
                                                                                             RMB’000 RMB’000                  RMB’000 RMB’000
                                              21    Performing    Lifetime ECL
           Trade receivables (Note)                                  (provision matrix)          91,498                        90,992
                                                    Doubtful      Lifetime ECL
                                                                     (provision matrix)              –                        421,746
                                                    Default       Lifetime ECL -
                                                                     credit impaired
                                                                     (individual assessed)   489,076         580,574            4,150          516,888
           Loan Receivables                   21    Doubtful      12m ECL                    420,000         420,000          420,000          420,000
           Consideration Receivables          21    Performing    12m ECL                        33,469          33,469        60,591           60,591
           Other receivables (excluding
             Loan Receivables and
             Consideration Receivables)       21    Performing    12m ECL                        14,216          14,216        10,422           10,422
           Restricted bank deposit            23    Performing    12m ECL                            –               –         42,000           42,000
           Time deposits                      23    Performing    12m ECL                    375,311         375,311                –               –
           Cash and cash equivalents          23    Performing    12m ECL                    342,044         342,044          520,872          520,872

           Note:    For trade receivables, the Group has applied the simplified approach in HKFRS 9 to measure the loss allowance at
                    lifetime ECL. Except for credit-impaired debtors, the Group determines the ECL on these items on a collective basis,
                    grouped by the Group’s internal credit rating.

                    The following table provides information about the exposure to credit risk for trade receivables which are assessed
                    on a collective basis by using provision matrix within lifetime ECL (not credit-impaired). Credit-impaired debtors,
                    with gross carrying amounts of RMB489,076,000 as at 31 December 2023 (2022: RMB4,150,000) were assessed
                    individually and the loss allowance was measured as the difference between the asset’s gross amount and the
                    present value of estimated future cash flows.

                                                                           2023                                              2022
                                                                Average                 Trade                     Average                     Trade
                    Internal credit rating                     loss rate          receivables                    loss rate              receivables
                    Performing                                   2.78%                  91,498                     5.74%                    90,992
                    Doubtful                                         –                       –                    38.36%                   421,746
                                                                                        91,498                                             512,738


                    During the current year, based on the provision matrix, net impairment loss allowance for trade receivables
                    recognised amounted to RMB1,492,000 (2022: RMB140,638,000). Provision of net impairment loss allowance of
                    RMB239,625,000 (2022: Nil) were individually made on credit-impaired trade receivables from debtors during the
                    current year.




                                                                                                                              Annual Report 2023         125
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      30.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
            B.    Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
                  Credit risk and impairment assessment (continued)
                  The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognised for trade
                  receivables under the simplified approach:

                                                                 Lifetime ECL     Lifetime ECL
                                                                  (not credit-          (credit-
                                                                    impaired)        impaired)         Total
                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000
                  As at 1 January 2022                                 26,382             4,150        30,532
                    – Impairment losses, net of reversal              140,638                 –       140,638
                  As at 31 December 2022                               167,020            4,150       171,170
                    – Transfer to credit-impaired                     (165,972)        165,972              –
                    – Impairment losses, net of reversal                 1,492         239,625        241,117
                  As at 31 December 2023                                 2,540         409,747        412,287


                  The following tables show reconciliation of loss allowances that has been recognised for other
                  receivables:

                                                                                                     12m ECL
                                                                                                     RMB’000
                  As at 1 January 2022                                                                 61,207
                    – Impairment losses recognised                                                      4,550
                  As at 31 December 2022                                                               65,757
                    – Impairment losses recognised                                                     95,549
                  As at 31 December 2023                                                              161,306




126   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




30.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
      B.   Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
           Liquidity risk
           In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and
           cash equivalents deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and
           mitigate the effects of fluctuations in cash flows. The Group regularly reviews its major funding
           positions to ensure that it has adequate financial resources in meeting its financial obligations.

           The following is the maturity analysis for financial liabilities held by the Group which is based on
           undiscounted remaining contractual obligations:

                                                     Weighted     On demand                                                   Total
                                                       average    or less than           1 to       2 to       over   undiscounted    Carrying
                                                  interest rate         1 year        2 years    5 years    5 years       balances    amounts
                                                             %        RMB’000        RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000
           At 31 December 2023
           Non-derivative financial liabilities
           Trade and other payables                          –        217,488               –         –          –         217,488     217,488
           Dividend payable                                  –         20,950               –         –          –          20,950      20,950
           Lease liabilities                                 6          5,158           6,126     9,513          –          20,797      18,768
                                                                     243,596            6,126     9,513          –         259,235     257,206
           At 31 December 2022
           Non-derivative financial liabilities
           Trade and other payables                          –        210,477              –          –          –         210,477    210,477
           Dividend payable                                  –         20,950              –          –          –          20,950     20,950
           Lease liabilities                                 6          4,826          5,444     15,639          –          25,909     22,655
                                                                     236,253           5,444     15,639          –         257,336    254,082




                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2023   127
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      30.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
            C.    Fair value measurements of financial instruments
                  Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value
                  on a recurring basis
                                                   Fair value at                                               Significant             Relationship of
                                                   31 December          Fair value   Valuation technique(s)    unobservable            unobservable input(s)
                  Financial assets                2023           2022   hierarchy    and key input(s)          input(s)                to fair value
                                               RMB’000      RMB’000
                  Financial assets at FVTPL:       756         3,479     Level 1     Quoted prices in active   N/A                     N/A
                    – Listed equity                                                   markets
                       investments

                  – Unquoted fund                39,300            –     Level 2     Net asset value           N/A                     N/A
                      investments                                                     investment as
                                                                                      published by the
                                                                                      fund manager

                  – Structured deposits        335,946       456,171     Level 3     Discounted cash flow      Expected return       The higher the
                      (Note i)                                                         method was used/          rates from 1.68% to   expected return, the
                                                                                       expected return rate      4.75% (2022: 2.2%     higher the fair value,
                                                                                                                 to 4.28%)             vice versa

                  – Financial investment on      45,569       54,974     Level 3     Discounted cash flow      Expected return       The higher the
                      films (Note ii)                                                  method was used/          rate(s) of 30%        expected return, the
                                                                                       expected return rate      (2022: 3.3% to 30%) higher the fair value,
                                                                                                                                       vice versa

                  Notes:

                  i.        The structured deposits are not traded in an active market and do not have observable market data. The structured
                            deposits of approximately RMB335,946,000 (2022: RMB456,171,000) has been estimated using discounted cash
                            flow method based on the expected rate of return. As at 31 December 2023, if the estimated rate of return had been
                            10% (2022: 10%) higher/lower and the other variables were held constant, the total carrying amounts of structured
                            deposits would increase/decrease by RMB54,000/RMB54,000 (2022: RMB68,000/RMB68,000), respectively.

                  ii.       The financial investment on films measured at fair value do not meet solely payments of principal and interest
                            condition. The film production investments of approximately RMB45,569,000 (2022: RMB54,974,000) are determined
                            based on the discounted cash flows method using the expected rate of return of 30% (2022: 3.3% to 30%). As at 31
                            December 2023, if the expected rate of return had been 10% (2022: 10%) higher/lower, the total carrying amounts
                            of film production investments would increase/decrease by RMB932,000/RMB932,000 (2022: RMB1,274,000/
                            RMB1,274,000), respectively.


                  There were no transfers between Level 1 and 2 during the year.




128   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




30.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
      C.    Fair value measurements of financial instruments (continued)
            Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements of financial assets
            The following table presents the reconciliation of Level 3 measurements during both years:

                                                                                Financial            Financial
                                                                                assets at         liabilities at
                                                                                   FVTPL                 FVTPL
                                                                                RMB’000               RMB’000
            At 1 January 2022                                                     628,223              (56,000)
            Purchases                                                           1,355,000                    –
            Redemptions                                                        (1,479,450)                   –
            Gains in profit or loss                                                 7,372                    –
            Derecognised of contingent considerations                                   –               56,000
            At 31 December 2022                                                   511,145                     –
            Purchases                                                           1,515,264                     –
            Redemptions                                                        (1,645,886)                    –
            Gains in profit or loss                                                   992                     –
            At 31 December 2023                                                   381,515                     –


31.   CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                   2023             2022
                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000
      Capital expenditures contracted for but not provided in the
        consolidated financial statements in respect of acquisition
        of – property and equipment                                                 5,043             193,991


32.   RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEMES
      The employees of the PRC subsidiaries are members of the state-management retirement benefits
      scheme operated by the PRC government. The Group is required to contribute a specified percentage of
      payroll costs as determined by respective local government authority to the retirement benefits scheme
      to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the Group with respect to the retirement benefits scheme is to
      make the specified contribution under the scheme.

      The Group also operates a Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme for all employees in Hong Kong. The assets
      of the scheme are held separately from those of the Group, in funds under the control of trustees. The
      Group contributes a certain percentage of the relevant payroll costs to the scheme, which contribution is
      matched by the employees.

      The amounts of contributions made by the Group in respect of the retirement benefit schemes during
      both years are disclosed in notes 11 and 13.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2023   129
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      33.   RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
            The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both
            cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows
            were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash
            flows from financing activities.

                                                                             Lease         Dividend
                                                                         liabilities       payables           Total
                                                                          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000
            At 1 January 2022                                                    –           20,950            20,950
            Financing cash flows                                            (3,545)        (174,616)         (178,161)
            Dividend declared                                                    –          174,616           174,616
            New leases entered                                              24,922                –            24,922
            Interest expenses                                                3,012                –             3,012
            Transfer from liabilities associated with
              assets classified as held for sale                           202,608                 –         202,608
            Disposal of a subsidiary                                      (204,342)                –        (204,342)
            At 31 December 2022                                             22,655           20,950            43,605
            Financing cash flows                                            (5,684)         (45,546)          (51,230)
            Dividend declared                                                    –           45,546            45,546
            New leases entered                                               2,981                –             2,981
            Termination of leases                                           (2,511)               –            (2,511)
            Interest expenses                                                1,327                –             1,327
            At 31 December 2023                                             18,768           20,950           39,718


      34.   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
            (i)    Save for those disclosed in other notes to the consolidated financial statements, the Group had
                   the following non-trade balance with a related party:
                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                           2023             2022
                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000
            Dividend payable to a non-controlling shareholder                             20,950              20,950


            (ii)   Compensation of key management personnel
                   The remuneration of directors of the Company and other members of key management of the
                   Group is as follows:

                                                                                       Year ended 31 December
                                                                                             2023             2022
                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000
            Short-term employee benefits                                                   5,581                4,779
            Post-employment benefits                                                         101                   99
                                                                                           5,682                4,878




130   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




35.   PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY
      General information of subsidiaries
      Details of the subsidiaries directly and indirectly held by the Company at the end of the reporting period
      are set out below:

                                                   Place/country
                                                   and date of                                                Equity interest
                                                   establishment/                    Issued and fully   attributable to the Group
                                                   incorporation/                         paid share/      as at 31 December      Principal activities and
      Name of subsidiaries                         kind of legal entity            registered capital        2023            2022 country of operation
                                                                                                                %              %
      Directly owned
      Cathay Media Group (BVI) Inc.                12 January 2017                        USD50,000          100            100 Investment holding
                                                     BVI
                                                     Limited liability company
      Indirectly owned
      Cathay Media Group (Hong Kong) Limited       27 January 2017                             HK$1          100            100 Investment holding
        （華夏視聽傳媒集團（香港）有限公司）                           Hong Kong
                                                     Limited liability company
      Nanjing Bicheng                              29 July 2019                     RMB350,000,000           100            100 Investment holding and
                                                     PRC                                                                          consulting
                                                     Limited liability company
      Dongyang Huaxia Audio-Visual Culture         15 August 2019                    RMB10,000,000           100            100 Investment holding and
        Consulting Co., Ltd. (“Dongyang Huaxia”)     PRC                                                                          consulting
       （東陽華夏視聽文化諮詢                                   Limited liability company
        有限公司）
      Indirectly owned and controlled
        through contractual arrangement
      Nanjing Lanchou                              26 October 2017                   RMB10,000,000           100            100 Investment holding
                                                     PRC
                                                     Limited liability company
      Nanjing Meiya                                30 January 2003                  RMB150,000,000            91             91 Investment holding
                                                     PRC
                                                     Limited liability company
      CUCN                                         16 June 2014                     RMB150,000,000            91             91 Higher and vocational
                                                     PRC                                                                          education
                                                     Limited liability company
      Dongyang Audio-Visual                        18 June 2019                      RMB10,000,000           100            100 Investment holding and
                                                     PRC                                                                          television series and film
                                                     Limited liability company                                                    production
      Huaxia Audio-Visual                          27 December 2005                  RMB61,302,678            91             91 Television series and film
                                                     PRC                                                                          production
                                                     Limited liability company
      Huaxia Zhenxuan                              11 December 2001                   RMB3,000,000           100            100 Livestreaming
                                                     PRC                                                                          e-commerce
                                                     Limited liability company
      Huaxia Huyu                                  4 August 2022                      RMB1,500,000            70            100 Livestreaming
                                                     PRC                                                                          e-commerce and artist
                                                     Limited liability company                                                    management




                                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023         131
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      35.   PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY (continued)
            Details of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests
            The table below shows details of non-wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Group that have material non-
            controlling interests:

                                                       Place of
                                                 establishment    Proportion of ownership
                                                  and principal      interest and voting    Profit allocated to       Accumulated
                                                       place of      rights held by non-     non-controlling         non-controlling
            Name of subsidiary                        business      controlling interests        interests              interests
                                                                       2023          2022    2023           2022     2023          2022
            Nanjing Meiya and its subsidiaries             PRC         9%            9%     16,683       26,386    201,707      185,024


            Summarised financial information in respect of each of the Group’s subsidiaries that has material non-
            controlling interests is set out below. The summarised financial information below represents amounts
            before intragroup eliminations.

            Nanjing Meiya and its subsidiaries
                                                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                                                        2023             2022
                                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000
            Current assets                                                                           1,295,896               1,366,036
            Non-current assets                                                                       1,655,799               1,178,581
            Current liabilities                                                                      (566,084)               (489,475)
            Non-current liabilities                                                                    (14,948)                (19,853)
            Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                             2,168,956               1,850,265
            Non-controlling interests of Nanjing Meiya and its subsidiaries                           201,707                 185,024


                                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                       2023             2022
                                                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000
            Revenue                                                                                   586,533                 558,801
            Expenses                                                                                  (401,159)              (265,619)
            Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
              owners of the Company                                                                   168,691                 266,796
            Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to
              the non-controlling interests of Nanjing Meiya and
              its subsidiaries                                                                         16,683                  26,386
            Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                                        185,374                 293,182
            Net cash flows from operating activities                                                  261,788                 177,669
            Net cash flows from investing activities                                                   23,604                  24,284
            Net cash flows used in financing activities                                                (5,684)                 (2,844)
            Net cash flows                                                                            279,708                 199,109




132   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




36.   CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
      Three independent plaintiffs raised litigation claims against CUCN in the PRC court. The aggregate
      claims from plaintiffs were approximately RMB105,784,000 plus petition cost and attorneys’ fees in
      relation to variable construction cost of the school campus. Up to the date of the consolidated financial
      statements, there were no formal judgments from the PRC court.

      After seeking independent legal advice, the directors of the Company consider that the outcome and the
      amounts of final payments, if any, are uncertain, and no provision has been made during the year ended
      31 December 2023.

37.   STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY
                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                  2023             2022
                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000
      Non-current Assets
      Investment in subsidiaries                                              1,784,989            1,942,675
      Property and equipment                                                         13                   13
                                                                              1,785,002            1,942,688
      Current Assets
      Prepayments and other receivables                                             360                  354
      Amounts due from subsidiaries                                             167,329               20,328
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                   9,106               10,337
                                                                                176,795               31,019
      Current Liability
      Other payables                                                                  22                  33
      Net current assets                                                        176,773               30,986
      Net Assets                                                              1,961,775            1,973,674
      Capital and Reserves
      Share capital (note 27)                                                       117                  117
      Reserves                                                                1,961,658            1,973,557
      Total Equity                                                            1,961,775            1,973,674




                                                                                             Annual Report 2023   133
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




      37.   STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY (continued)
            Movement in the Company’s reserves
                                                Shares held
                                                  for share                                           Share-based
                                                     award        Share      Capital    Translation      payment Accumulated
                                                   scheme      premium       reserve        reserve        reserve     losses       Total
                                                  RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000
            At 1 January 2022                       (34,778)   1,052,889    1,208,202     (216,973)            –       (11,928)   1,997,412
            Loss for the year                             –            –            –            –             –        (8,361)      (8,361)
            Other comprehensive income for
               the year                                   –            –           –       185,058             –             –     185,058
            Total comprehensive income
               (expenses) for the year                    –            –           –       185,058             –        (8,361)    176,697
            Purchases of shares under share
               award scheme (note 28)               (17,633)           –           –             –             –             –      (17,633)
            Repurchase and cancellation of
               shares (note 27)                           –       (8,255)          –             –             –             –       (8,255)
            Transaction costs attributable to
               repurchase and cancellation
               of shares                                  –          (48)          –             –             –             –          (48)
            Dividend recognised as
               distribution (note 14)                     –    (174,616)           –             –             –             –    (174,616)
            At 31 December 2022                     (52,411)    869,970     1,208,202      (31,915)            –       (20,289)   1,973,557
            Loss for the year                             –           –            –             –             –        (6,974)      (6,974)
            Other comprehensive income for
              the year                                    –           –            –        39,417             –            –       39,417
            Total comprehensive income
               (expenses) for the year                    –           –            –        39,417             –        (6,974)     32,443
            Purchases of shares under share
               award scheme (note 28)                     –           –            –             –             –            –            –
            Recognition of equity-settled
               share-based payments
               (note 28)                                  –           –            –             –          1,204           –        1,204
            Dividend recognised as
               distribution (note 14)                     –     (45,546)           –             –             –            –      (45,546)
            At 31 December 2023                     (52,411)    824,424     1,208,202        7,502          1,204      (27,263)   1,961,658




134   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                                                  FINANCIAL SUMMARY


A summary of the audit results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is
set out below:

                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                 2019          2020         2021        2022             2023
                                               RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000           RMB’000
Revenue                                          747,186      789,743       578,051       656,815      759,040
Cost of revenue                                (374,361)     (436,505)     (301,879)     (339,614)    (481,242)
Gross profit                                    372,825       353,238       276,172       317,201      277,798
Profit (loss) before tax                        240,331       371,468       140,258        96,047     (181,229)
Profit (loss) from continuing operations        194,517        337,140      125,496        78,213     (181,067)
(Loss) profit from discontinued operations             –             –      (53,674)       43,710            –
Profit (loss) for the year                      194,517        337,140       71,822       121,923     (181,067)


                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                 2019          2020         2021      2022               2023
                                               RMB’000       RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000           RMB’000
Non-current assets                              680,337       728,276     1,121,473    1,219,638     1,414,400
Current assets                                1,088,419     2,705,885     2,582,029    2,005,334     1,663,797
Current liabilities                             358,442       557,714       964,326      562,699       647,285
Net current assets                              729,977     2,148,171      1,617,703   1,442,635     1,016,512
Total assets less current liabilities         1,410,314     2,876,447     2,739,176    2,662,273     2,430,912
Non-current liabilities                          33,561         1,263         24,103      19,853        14,948
Net assets                                    1,376,753     2,875,184     2,715,073    2,642,420     2,415,964
Total equity                                  1,376,753     2,875,184     2,715,073    2,642,420     2,415,964




                                                                                                Annual Report 2023   135
      DEFINITIONS



      “Articles of Association”               the articles of association of the Company, as amended from time to time

      “Board”                                 the board of Directors

      “China” or “PRC”                        the People’s Republic of China

      “Companies Ordinance”                   the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as
                                              amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

      “Company” or “our Company”              Cathay Media and Education Group Inc.（華夏視聽教育集團）, an
                                              exempted company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited
                                              liability on 4 January 2017

      “Consolidated Affiliated                Dongyang Huaxia, Nanjing Lanchou and their subsidiaries and
        Entity(ies)”                          affiliated entities, the financial accounts of which have been
                                              consolidated and accounted for as if they were subsidiaries of our
                                              Company by virtue of the Contractual Arrangements

      “Contractual Arrangement(s)”            the series of contractual arrangements entered into between,
                                              among others, the WFOEs, the Onshore Holdcos and the Registered
                                              Shareholders, as detailed in the section headed “Contractual
                                              arrangements”

      “Controlling Shareholder(s)”            has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules and except
                                              where the context requires otherwise, refers to Mr. Pu, Cathay Media
                                              Holding Inc. and Winning Global Ventures Limited

      “Corporate Governance Code”             the Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing
                                              Rules, as amended from time to time

      “CUCN” or “University”                  南京傳媒學院 (Pinyin: Nanjing Chuanmei Xueyuan), formally known as
                                              Communication University of China, Nanjing（中國傳媒大學南廣學院）,
                                              which received the certificate of registration for a privately-run non-
                                              enterprise unit on 31 January 2005

      “Director(s)”                           the director(s) of our Company

      “Dongyang Huaxia”                       Dongyang Huaxia Audio-Visual Film Culture Co., Ltd.（東陽華夏視聽影
                                              視文化有限公司）, a company established in the PRC on 18 June 2019
                                              and a Consolidated Affiliated Entity of our Company

      “Group”, “we” or “us”                   the Company, its subsidiaries, and the Consolidated Affiliated Entities
                                              (the financial results of which have been consolidated and accounted
                                              for as subsidiaries of our Company by virtue of the Contractual
                                              Arrangements) from time to time, and in respect of the period
                                              prior to our Company becoming the holding company of its present
                                              subsidiaries, such subsidiaries as if they were subsidiaries of our
                                              Company at the relevant time

      “Hong Kong” or “HK”                     the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic
                                              of China

      “HKFRS”                                 Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards




136   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
                                                                                          DEFINITIONS




“Huaxia Audio-Visual”            Huaxia Audio-Visual Global Media (Beijing) Holdings Co., Ltd.（華夏視
                                 聽環球傳媒（北京）股份有限公司）, a company established in the PRC on
                                 27 December 2005 and a Consolidated Affiliated Entity of our Company

“Huaxia Zhenxuan”                Beijing Huaxia Zhenxuan Cultural Communication Co., Ltd.（北京華
                                 夏珍選文化傳播有限公司） (formerly Beijing Huaxia Huyu Cultural
                                 Communication Co., Ltd.（北京華夏互娛文化傳播有限公司）and Beijing
                                 Huaxia Audio-Visual Online Cultural Development Co., Ltd.（北京華夏
                                 視聽在線文化發展有限公司）), a company established in the PRC on 11
                                 December 2001 and a Consolidated Affiliated Entity of our Company

“Listing”                        the listing of the Shares on the Main Board

“Listing Date”                   15 July 2020, the date on which the Shares were listed on the Stock
                                 Exchange

“Listing Rules”                  the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
                                 Hong Kong Limited, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified
                                 from time to time

“Main Board”                     the stock exchange (excluding the option market) operated by the
                                 Stock Exchange which is independent from and operates in parallel
                                 with GEM of the Stock Exchange

“Model Code”                     the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed
                                 Issuers set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules

“Mr. Pu”                         Mr. Pu Shulin（蒲樹林）, our founder, executive Director, chief executive
                                 officer, chairperson of the Board and our Controlling Shareholder

“Nanjing Lanchou”                Nanjing Lanchou Corporate Management Co., Ltd.（南京藍籌企業管理
                                 有限公司）, a company established in the PRC on 26 October 2017 and
                                 a Consolidated Affiliated Entity

“Nanjing Meiya”                  Nanjing Meiya Education Investment Co., Ltd.（南京美亞教育投資有
                                 限公司）, a company established in the PRC on 30 January 2003 and a
                                 Consolidated Affiliated Entity

“Onshore Holdcos”                Dongyang Huaxia and Nanjing Lanchou

“Olympic College”                the Olympic College of Nanjing Sport Institute

“Post-IPO Share Award Scheme”    the post-IPO share award scheme approved and adopted by our
                                 Company on 22 June 2020 with effect from Listing

“Post-IPO Share Option Scheme”   the post-IPO share option scheme approved and adopted by our
                                 Company on 22 June 2020 with effect from Listing




                                                                                     Annual Report 2023   137
      DEFINITIONS




      “PRC Legal Adviser”                     Commerce & Finance Law Offices

      “Prospectus”                            the prospectus of the Company dated 30 June 2020

      “RMB”                                   Renminbi yuan, the lawful currency of China

      “Registered Shareholders”               the registered shareholders of the Onshore Holdcos, namely Mr. Pu and
                                              Mr. Liu Chang（劉暢）

      “Reporting Period”                      the year ended 31 December 2023

      “SFO”                                   the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of
                                              Hong Kong), as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from
                                              time to time

      “Shareholder(s)”                        holder(s) of the Share(s)

      “Share(s)”                              ordinary share(s) in the share capital of our Company with a par value
                                              of US$0.00001 each

      “Stock Exchange”                        The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

      “Subsidiary” or “subsidiaries”          has the meaning ascribed thereto in section 15 of the Companies
                                              Ordinance

      “United States” or “U.S.”               the United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all
                                              areas subject to its jurisdiction

      “US$”                                   United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States

      “WFOEs”                                 WFOE-Education and WFOE-Production collectively

      “WFOE-Education”                        Bicheng Art Consulting (Nanjing) Co., Ltd（碧城藝術諮詢（南京）有限公
                                              司）, a company established in the PRC on 29 July 2019 and a wholly-
                                              owned subsidiary of our Company

      “WFOE-Production”                       Dongyang Huaxia Audio-Visual Culture Consulting Co., Ltd.（東陽華
                                              夏視聽文化諮詢有限公司）, a company established in the PRC on 15
                                              August 2019 and a wholly-owned subsidiary of our Company

      “%”                                     per cent




138   CATHAY MEDIA AND EDUCATION GROUP INC.
