CONTENTS

Corporate Information                             2


Notice of Annual General Meeting                  4


Chairman’s Statement                             10


Biographies of Directors and Senior Management   12


Corporate Governance Report                      18


Report of the Directors                          31


Independent Auditor’s Report                     42


Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss         48


Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income   49


Consolidated Statement of Financial Position     50


Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity      52


Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows             53


Notes to the Financial Statements                55
    CORPORATE INFORMATION


    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                       AUDITOR
    Executive Directors                                      Ernst & Young
                                                             Certified Public Accountants
    Yuen-Keung CHAN (Chairman)
                                                             Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor under the
    James Sing-Wai WONG
                                                               Accounting and Financial Reporting Council Ordinance
    Wing-Sang YU (Managing Director)
                                                             27/F, One Taikoo Place
    Philip Bing-Lun LAM
                                                             979 King’s Road
    Hon-Man WAI
                                                             Quarry Bay
    Hoi-Fan LAM
                                                             Hong Kong

    Independent Non-Executive Directors
                                                             PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
    Siu-Chee KONG
                                                               TRANSFER OFFICE
    Ivan Ti-Fan PONG
    Robert Che-Kwong TSUI                                    Conyers Corporate Services (Bermuda) Limited
    Kit-Sum LING                                             Clarendon House
                                                             2 Church Street

    AUDIT COMMITTEE                                          Hamilton HM 11
                                                             Bermuda
    Siu-Chee KONG (Chairman)
    Ivan Ti-Fan PONG
                                                             HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR
    Robert Che-Kwong TSUI
                                                              AND TRANSFER OFFICE
    Kit-Sum LING
                                                             Tricor Investor Services Limited

    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                   17/F, Far East Finance Centre
                                                             16 Harcourt Road
    Robert Che-Kwong TSUI (Chairman)
                                                             Hong Kong
    Ivan Ti-Fan PONG
    Yuen-Keung CHAN
                                                             REGISTERED OFFICE

    NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                     Clarendon House
                                                             2 Church Street
    Ivan Ti-Fan PONG (Chairman)
                                                             Hamilton HM 11
    Robert Che-Kwong TSUI
                                                             Bermuda
    Yuen-Keung CHAN
    James Sing-Wai WONG
                                                             HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE
    Siu-Chee KONG
                                                              OF BUSINESS
    Kit-Sum LING
                                                             Room 2308, 23/F

    COMPANY SECRETARY                                        Wing On Centre
                                                             111 Connaught Road Central
    Anthony Ding-Him YU
                                                             Hong Kong

    PRINCIPAL BANKERS                                        STOCK CODE
    The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking
                                                             SEHK 01556
      Corporation Limited
    The Bank of East Asia, Limited
    Hang Seng Bank Limited
    Shanghai Commercial Bank Limited
    Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited
    China Construction Bank (Asia) Corporation Limited
    Chong Hing Bank Limited

2   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                                                CORPORATE INFORMATION


BUSINESS ADDRESSES AND CONTACTS
Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited                      Kinwing Engineering (Macau) Company Limited

Room 2308, 23/F                                        Alameda Dr. Carlos D’Assumpção
Wing On Centre                                         nºs 411-417, Praça Wong Chio
111 Connaught Road Central                             5º andar D-G
Hong Kong                                              em Macau


Tel       :   (852) 2877-3307                          Tel        :   (853) 2871-5564
Fax       :   (852) 2877-2035                          		             (853) 2871-5718
Website   :   http://www.chinneykinwing.com.hk         Fax        :   (853) 2871-3948
E-mail    :   enquiry@chinneykinwing.com.hk


Kin Wing Engineering Company Limited                   DrilTech Ground Engineering Limited
Kin Wing Foundations Limited                           DrilTech Geotechnical Engineering Limited
CKW Machinery Limited

Block A&B, 9th Floor                                   Block A&B, 8th Floor
Hong Kong Spinners Industrial Building, Phase VI       Hong Kong Spinners Industrial Building, Phase VI
481-483 Castle Peak Road                               481-483 Castle Peak Road
Kowloon                                                Kowloon
Hong Kong                                              Hong Kong

Tel       :   (852) 2415-6509                          Tel        :   (852) 2371-0008
Fax       :   (852) 2490-0173                          Fax        :   (852) 2744-1037
Website   :   http://www.kinwing.com.hk                Website    :   http://www.driltech.com.hk
E-mail    :   kwecoltd@kinwing.com.hk                  E-mail     :   driltech@driltech.com.hk



Everest Engineering Company Limited                    DrilTech Ground Engineering (Macau) Limited
Block A&B, 8th Floor                                   Alameda Dr. Carlos D’Assumpção
Hong Kong Spinners Industrial Building, Phase VI       nºs 411-417, Praça Wong Chio
481-483 Castle Peak Road                               5º andar D-G
Kowloon                                                em Macau
Hong Kong


Tel       :   (852) 2415-6509                          Tel        :   (853) 2871-5564
Fax       :   (852) 2490-0173                          		             (853) 2871-5718
Website   :   http://www.everestengineering.com.hk     Fax        :   (853) 2871-3948
E-mail    :   info@everestengineering.com.hk


                                                       DrilTech Ground Engineering (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.

                                                       80 Robinson Road
                                                       #25-00
                                                       Singapore 068898


                                                       Tel        :   (65) 6534-5755
                                                       Fax        :   (65) 6534-5766



                                                     Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025   3
    NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING


    NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited (the
    “Company”, collectively with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) will be held on Wednesday, 3 June 2026 at 10:30 a.m. at
    Artyzen Club, 401A, 4/F Shun Tak Centre (near China Merchants Tower), 200 Connaught Road Central, Hong Kong
    for the following purposes:


    1.    To receive and consider the audited financial statements of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2025
          together with the reports of the directors and the independent auditor thereon.


    2.    To declare a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2025.


    3.    To re-elect directors of the Company (the “Directors”) and to authorise the board of Directors (the “Board”) to
          fix the directors’ remuneration.


    4.    To re-appoint auditor and to authorise the Board to fix their remuneration.


    5.    To consider as special business and, if thought fit, pass with or without amendments the following resolution
          as an Ordinary Resolution:


                                               ORDINARY RESOLUTION


    “THAT:


    (a)   subject to paragraph (c) below, a general mandate be and is hereby unconditionally granted to the directors of
          the Company to exercise during the Relevant Period (as hereinafter defined) of all the powers of the Company
          to allot, issue and deal with additional shares in the capital of the Company and to make or grant offers,
          agreements and options which would or might require the exercise of such powers;


    (b)   the mandate in paragraph (a) above shall authorise the directors of the Company during the Relevant Period to
          make or grant offers, agreements and options which would or might require the exercise of such powers after
          the end of the Relevant Period;


    (c)   the aggregate nominal amount of share capital allotted or agreed conditionally or unconditionally to be
          allotted (whether pursuant to an option or otherwise) and issued by the directors of the Company pursuant
          to the mandate in paragraph (a) above, otherwise than pursuant to (i) a Rights Issue (as hereinafter defined);
          or (ii) an issue of shares under any option scheme or similar arrangement for the time being adopted and
          approved by the shareholders of the Company for the grant or issue to officers and/or employees of the
          Company and/or any of its subsidiaries of shares or rights to acquire shares of the Company; or (iii) an issue
          of shares as scrip dividends or similar arrangement providing for the allotment of shares in lieu of the whole
          or part of a dividend on shares of the Company in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company; or (iv) a
          specific authority granted by the shareholders of the Company in general meeting, shall not exceed twenty per
          cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the issued share capital of the Company at the date of passing this
          Resolution, and the said mandate shall be limited accordingly; and




4   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                                    NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING


(d)      for the purpose of this Resolution,


         “Relevant Period” means the period from the passing of this Resolution until whichever is the earlier of:


         (i)     the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company;


         (ii)    the expiration of the period within which the next annual general meeting of the Company is required
                 by the Bye-laws of the Company or any applicable laws to be held; or


         (iii)   the date of the passing of an ordinary resolution by the shareholders of the Company in general
                 meeting revoking or varying the authority given to the directors of the Company by this Resolution.


         “Rights Issue” means an offer of shares in the Company, or an offer of warrants, options or other securities
         giving rights to subscribe for shares, open for a period fixed by the directors of the Company to the holders
         of shares of the Company on the register of members of the Company on a fixed record date in proportion
         to their then holdings of such shares as at that date (subject to such exclusions or other arrangements
         as the directors of the Company, after making enquiry, may deem necessary or expedient in relation to
         fractional entitlements or having regard to any legal restrictions under the laws of the relevant place, or the
         requirements of the relevant regulatory body or any stock exchange in that place).”




                                                                                                       By Order of the Board
                                                                                                      Anthony Ding-Him Yu
                                                                                                         Company Secretary

Hong Kong, 29 April 2026

Notes:


(1)      A shareholder entitled to attend and vote at the AGM (and at any adjournment thereof) is entitled to appoint another
         person as his proxy to attend and vote instead of the shareholder. The proxy need not be a shareholder of the Company.


(2)      In order to be valid, a form of proxy in the prescribed form, together with the power of attorney or other authority (if any)
         under which it is signed or a certified copy of that power of attorney or other authority must be completed, signed and
         deposited with the Company’s Hong Kong branch share registrar, Tricor Investor Services Limited at 17/F, Far East Finance
         Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong, not later than 48 hours before the time appointed for holding the AGM (and at any
         adjournment thereof).


(3)      Where there are joint registered holders of any shares, any one of such joint holders may vote at the AGM (and at any
         adjournment thereof), either in person or by proxy, in respect of such shares as if he was solely entitled thereto, but if more
         than one of such joint holders be present at the meeting, the vote of the senior who tenders a vote, whether in person
         or by proxy, shall be accepted to the exclusion of the votes of the other joint holders, and for this purpose seniority shall
         be determined by the order in which the names stand in the register of members of the Company in respect of the joint
         holding.


(4)      Pursuant to Rule 13.39(4) of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the
         “Listing Rules”), any vote of shareholders at a general meeting must be taken by poll and the Company must announce
         the results of the poll in the manner prescribed under Rule 13.39(5) of the Listing Rules. The chairman of the meeting will
         therefore put each of the resolutions to be proposed at the AGM to be voted by way of a poll pursuant to the Company’s
         Bye-laws. An announcement will be made by the Company following the conclusion of the AGM to inform the results of the
         AGM.


                                                                   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025                  5
    NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING


    Notes: (continued)


    (5)    With regard to resolution 3 in this notice, Mr. Philip Bing-Lun Lam (“Mr. Lam”), Mr. Hon-Man Wai (“Mr. Wai”), Mr. Hoi-Fan Lam
           and Mr. Ivan Ti-Fan Pong (“Mr. Pong”) will retire by rotation at the AGM in accordance with bye-law 84 of the Bye-laws of
           the Company. Mr. Lam, Mr. Wai, Mr. Hoi-Fan Lam and Mr. Pong, being eligible, will offer themselves for re-election at the
           AGM.


    (6)    Details of the directors who stand for re-election at the AGM are set out below:


           Philip Bing-Lun Lam


           Aged 83, was appointed as our executive Director on 2 September 2016. Mr. Lam began his career in 1963 with Hang
           Seng Bank Limited for eleven years, and then joined The University of Hong Kong (“HKU”) in 1975 as an Assistant Finance
           Director. He then worked as the Chief Accountant and Comptroller in Overseas Bank (Canada) in Vancouver for three years
           from 1982 to 1985. In December 1985, Mr. Lam re-joined HKU and had served as the Director of Finance from 1990 until
           his retirement on 30 June 2012, and had been the Honorary Advisor to the Chairman of The University of Hong Kong
           Foundation for Educational Development and Research until end of 2019.


           Mr. Lam is a fellow of The Chartered Institute of Management Accountants (UK), the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
           Accountants, an associate of The Chartered Governance Institute (UK) (formerly The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and
           Administrators (UK)) and The Chartered Institute of Bankers (UK).


           Mr. Lam is active in community affairs and is a member of the Board of Governors of the Canadian International School of
           Hong Kong.


           Mr. Lam is an executive director of Chinney Alliance Group Limited (stock code: 385, “CAGL”). He was an executive director
           of Hon Kwok Land Investment Company, Limited (stock code: 160, “Hon Kwok”) in April 2019 and subsequently
           re-designated to a non-executive director of Hon Kwok in July 2025. CAGL and Hon Kwok are listed on the Main Board of
           The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.


           Mr. Lam does not have any interests in the shares of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and
           Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of Laws of Hong Kong) (the “SFO”). Save as disclosed above, Mr. Lam does not hold
           any other positions in the Company or any members of the Group, and did not hold any directorships in any listed public
           companies in the past three years. He does not have any relationships with any directors, senior management or substantial
           or controlling shareholders of the Company.


           There is a service agreement entered into between the Company and Mr. Lam. His directorship is subject to retirement
           by rotation and re-election at the Company’s annual general meeting in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company.
           He is entitled to a fixed fee of HK$200,000 per annum which is based on the Company’s remuneration policy adopted
           for executive Directors. In addition, he is also entitled to a discretionary bonus to be determined by the Board and other
           employment benefits provided by the Group to all eligible staff. He was entitled to a performance–related bonus of
           HK$3,000,000 for the year ended 31 December 2025.


           Save as disclosed above, there is no information to be disclosed pursuant to Rules 13.51(2)(h) to (v) of the Listing Rules, nor
           any other matters and information need to be brought to the attention of the shareholders of the Company or required to
           be disclosed pursuant to any of the requirements of the Listing Rules in respect of Mr. Lam.




6   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                                  NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING


Notes: (continued)


(6)    (continued)


       Hon-Man Wai


       Aged 52, was appointed as our executive Director on 3 June 2023. Mr. Wai is currently the general manager and a director
       of Kin Wing Engineering Company Limited and Kin Wing Foundations Limited. He is also a director of DrilTech Ground
       Engineering Limited (“DrilTech Ground”), DrilTech Geotechnical Engineering Limited (“DrilTech Geotechnical”) and Everest
       Engineering Company Limited, all being major subsidiaries of the Company. He is the Head of our Execution Panel and
       responsible for the overall management and supervision of operations of our Group, including but not limited to, tendering,
       project planning, project management, quality assurance, site safety and general corporate administration.


       Mr. Wai has over twenty-nine years of experience in supervising and managing various foundation piling projects. He
       obtained a Bachelor’s degree in Environmental Engineering from The Hong Kong Polytechnic University in 1996. After
       graduation, he joined the Group as an assistant engineer in September 1996.


       Mr. Wai does not have any interests in the shares of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO. Save as
       disclosed above, Mr. Wai does not hold any other positions in the Company or any members of the Group, and did not
       hold any directorships in any listed public companies in the past three years. He does not have any relationships with any
       directors, senior management or substantial or controlling shareholders of the Company.


       There is a service agreement entered into between the Company and Mr. Wai. His directorship is subject to retirement by
       rotation and re-election at the Company’s annual general meeting in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company. He
       is entitled to a fixed fee of HK$200,000 per annum which is based on the Company’s remuneration policy adopted for
       executive Directors. Mr. Wai has an employment contract with the Group which is terminable by either party by serving to
       another party three months’ advance written notice. He is entitled to monthly salary and allowances of HK$245,000 which
       has been fixed by reference to his position, his level of responsibilities and the remuneration policy of the Group. In addition,
       he is also entitled to a discretionary bonus to be determined by the Board and other employment benefits provided by the
       Group to all eligible staff.


       Save as disclosed above, there is no information to be disclosed pursuant to Rules 13.51(2)(h) to (v) of the Listing Rules, nor
       any other matters and information need to be brought to the attention of the shareholders of the Company or required to
       be disclosed pursuant to any of the requirements of the Listing Rules in respect of Mr. Wai.


       Hoi-Fan Lam


       Aged 52, was appointed as our executive Director on 3 June 2023. Mr. Lam is currently the general manager and a director
       of DrilTech Ground and DrilTech Geotechnical (collectively the “DrilTech Group”). He is the head of our safety department
       and the DrilTech Group. He is responsible for the overall management and operations of our drilling and site investigation
       business.


       Mr. Lam has over thirty-two years of experience in performing and supervising various site investigation works. He joined
       DrilTech Ground in February 1997 as a senior technician. He obtained a Bachelor’s degree in Civil Engineering from Chu Hai
       College of Higher Education in 2009.


       Mr. Lam does not have any interests in the shares of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO. Save as
       disclosed above, Mr. Lam does not hold any other positions in the Company or any members of the Group, and did not hold
       any directorships in any listed public companies in the past three years. He does not have any relationship with any directors,
       senior management or substantial or controlling shareholders of the Company.




                                                                  Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025                   7
    NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING


    Notes: (continued)


    (6)    (continued)


           Hoi-Fan Lam (continued)


           There is a service agreement entered into between the Company and Mr. Lam. His directorship is subject to retirement by
           rotation and re-election at the Company’s annual general meeting in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company. He
           is entitled to a fixed fee of HK$200,000 per annum which is based on the Company’s remuneration policy adopted for
           executive Directors. Mr. Lam has an employment contract with the Group which is terminable by either party by serving to
           another party three months’ advance written notice. He is entitled to monthly salary and allowances of HK$225,000 which
           has been fixed by reference to his position, his level of responsibilities and the remuneration policy of the Group. In addition,
           he is also entitled to a discretionary bonus to be determined by the Board and other employment benefits provided by the
           Group to all eligible staff.


           Save as disclosed above, there is no information to be disclosed pursuant to Rules 13.51(2)(h) to (v) of the Listing Rules, nor
           any other matters and information need to be brought to the attention of the shareholders of the Company or required to
           be disclosed pursuant to any of the requirements of the Listing Rules in respect of Mr. Lam.


           Ivan Ti-Fan Pong


           Aged 66, was appointed as our independent non-executive Director on 20 October 2015. He is also the chairman of the
           nomination committee of the Company. Mr. Pong obtained his Bachelor’s degree in Economics (with Honours) from the
           University of Essex, U.K. in July 1983 and obtained his Master’s degree in Business Administration from the EMBA Program
           of The Chinese University of Hong Kong in December 1999. He became a fellow of Hong Kong Institute of Directors
           (FHKIoD) since January 2020.


           Mr. Pong has over thirty years of experience in the real estate investment market in Hong Kong and the People’s Republic
           of China. Mr. Pong worked for Hon Kwok Land Investment Company, Limited and its affiliated companies from January
           1984 to October 1988 and was responsible for property development, property investments and project acquisitions for the
           Hon Kwok group. Mr. Pong worked at Chesterton Petty Ltd. as a senior agency manager in 1988. He joined Richard Ellis
           Ltd. as a senior manager in 1989 and promoted as an associate director in 1991. During the periods from 1992 to 1994
           and from 1994 to 2000, Mr. Pong was a director of Metrobase Surveyors Limited and Cosmo Surveyors Limited respectively
           and completed a number of property investment and acquisition projects. He is currently a director of Metroland Property
           Consultants Limited.


           Mr. Pong does not have any interests in the shares of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO. Save as
           disclosed above, Mr. Pong does not hold any other positions in the Company or any members of the Group, and did not
           hold any directorships in any listed public companies in the past three years. He does not have any relationships with any
           directors, senior management or substantial or controlling shareholders of the Company.




8   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                                 NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING


Notes: (continued)

(6)   (continued)


      Ivan Ti-Fan Pong (continued)


      There is a service agreement entered into between the Company and Mr. Pong. His directorship is subject to retirement
      by rotation and re-election at the Company’s annual general meeting in accordance with the Bye-laws of the Company.
      He is entitled to a fixed fee of HK$380,000 per annum which is based on the Company’s remuneration policy adopted for
      independent non-executive Directors.


      Save as disclosed above, there is no information to be disclosed pursuant to Rules 13.51(2)(h) to (v) of the Listing Rules, nor
      any other matters and information need to be brought to the attention of the shareholders of the Company or required to
      be disclosed pursuant to any of the requirements of the Listing Rules in respect of Mr. Pong.


(7)   As at the date hereof, the Board comprises of ten Directors, of which six are executive Directors, namely Mr. Yuen-Keung Chan,
      Mr. James Sing-Wai Wong, Mr. Wing-Sang Yu, Mr. Philip Bing-Lun Lam, Mr. Hon-Man Wai and Mr. Hoi-Fan Lam;
      and four are independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Siu-Chee Kong, Mr. Ivan Ti-Fan Pong,
      Mr. Robert Che-Kwong Tsui and Ms. Kit-Sum Ling.




                                                                Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025                  9
     CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


     TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
     On behalf of the board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”), I am pleased to present to our shareholders the
     annual report of Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited (the “Company”) together with its subsidiaries (the “Group”)
     for the year ended 31 December 2025. The Group’s revenue decreased by 9% to HK$2,273 million (2024: HK$2,486
     million). The profit attributable to equity holders increased to HK$133 million (2024: HK$127 million), representing an
     increase of 5% from the previous year.


     PROPOSED FINAL DIVIDEND
     The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK2.0 cents per share for the year ended 31 December 2025
     to the shareholders of the Company whose names appear on the Company’s register of members on 15 June 2026.
     Subject to approval by the shareholders on the forthcoming annual general meeting, the dividend cheques are
     expected to be despatched to the shareholders on or before 7 July 2026.


     CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS FOR ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
     The annual general meeting of the Company is scheduled to be held on 3 June 2026. For determining the entitlement
     to attend and vote at the annual general meeting, the register of members of the Company will be closed from
     29 May 2026 to 3 June 2026 (both days inclusive), during which period no share transfers will be registered. In order
     to be eligible to attend and vote at the annual general meeting, all transfer forms accompanied by relevant share
     certificates must be lodged with Tricor Investor Services Limited at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road,
     Hong Kong by no later than 4:30 p.m. on 28 May 2026.


     CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS FOR DIVIDEND
     The proposed final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2025 is subject to the approval by the shareholders
     of the Company at the annual general meeting. For determining the entitlement to the proposed final dividend,
     the register of members of the Company will be closed from 10 June 2026 to 15 June 2026 (both days inclusive),
     during which period no share transfers will be registered. The last day for dealing in the Company’s share
     cum entitlements to the proposed final dividend will be 5 June 2026. In order to qualify for the proposed final
     dividend, all transfer forms accompanied by relevant share certificates must be lodged with Tricor Investor
     Services Limited at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong by no later than 4:30 p.m. on
     9 June 2026.


     PROSPECTS
     The construction sector entered 2025 amid heightened external uncertainties following renewed trade tensions and
     shifting global political dynamics after the return of the Trump administration. Elevated geopolitical risks and cautious
     global investment sentiment also created additional headwinds for the sector.


     Against this backdrop, industry conditions remained subdued. Activity weakened during the year, with the gross value
     of building works declining by 7.5 percent year-on-year in the third quarter, following a 2.3 percent decrease in the
     second quarter after modest growth of 1.6 percent earlier in the year. Construction output is expected to contract by
     1.6 percent in real terms in 2026. Intensifying competition for a limited pipeline of projects has further driven tender
     prices to unsustainably low levels, and this trend is expected to persist into 2026.




10   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                                                         CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


Labour market conditions also deteriorated over the period. The construction unemployment rate rose to nearly 7.2
percent in January 2026, significantly exceeding the city’s overall average. The increase was largely attributable to the
slowdown in private development activity, together with the gradual adoption of construction technologies that have
reduced demand for manual labour.


However, the 2026–27 Hong Kong Budget reaffirmed the Government’s commitment to infrastructure development,
with the Northern Metropolis initiative remaining central to long-term planning and market visibility. A gradual
recovery in land sales may also contribute to improved market dynamics. Additionally, land supply initiatives have
provided support for the medium-term outlook. New residential land supply has gained momentum, including the
release of urban sites in Ngau Tau Kok and Shau Kei Wan, as well as railway-linked developments at Kam Sheung
Road and the Urban Renewal Authority’s Kai Tak project providing support for future construction activity.


Addressing the shortage of skilled labour remains an important industry priority. In response, the Group continues to
strengthen its commitment to talent development through initiatives including the “Train the Trainers” programme
run by the CKW Academy. These initiatives have developed a succession management team consisting of 10 top
executives, Method Statement, and cultivating a skilled workforce with positive mindset and self-respect capable of
meeting more stringent industry requirements. Structured training and knowledge-transfer programmes also support
the preservation of institutional expertise within the organisation. Various operational departments of the Group
continue to develop in digital tools and Central Management Platform to enhance project management efficiency,
cost control and risk management.


As a leading player in the foundation sector and despite the short-term set back of construction industry, the
Group will strive to strengthen its capabilities through continuous investment in machinery, technology and talent
development porgrammes to enhance its competitive position with a long-term perspective. Maintaining disciplined
project selection criteria, the Group will pursue strategic opportunities across both public and private sectors while
positioning itself for sustainable growth and shareholder value creation.


APPRECIATION
On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank the members of our Execution Panel, management team and colleagues
across the Group for their continued commitment and hard work. I also extend my appreciation to our business
partners and shareholders for their ongoing support. As we move ahead, we will stay focused on strengthening our
core operations and building long-term, sustainable growth together with the support of our stakeholders.




                                                                                         Yuen-Keung Chan
                                                                                              Chairman


Hong Kong, 26 March 2026




                                                           Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025           11
     BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


     EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
     Yuen-Keung Chan

     Aged 71, joined our Group in September 1994. He was appointed as our executive Director on 9 July 2015 and
     concurrently serves as the chairman of our Board. Mr. Chan is responsible for strategic planning, overall corporate
     and business development of our Group. He also serves as a director of all major subsidiaries of our Group.


     Mr. Chan has over forty-five years of experience in the construction industry. He is a member of the Chartered
     Institute of Building.


     Currently, Mr. Chan is an executive director, the vice chairman and the managing director of Chinney Alliance Group
     Limited (stock code: 385, “CAGL”) and an executive director and the vice chairman of Chinney Investments, Limited
     (stock code: 216, “Chinney Investments”). Chinney Investments and CAGL are both listed on the Main Board of The
     Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).


     James Sing-Wai Wong

     Aged 62, was appointed as our executive Director on 2 September 2016. He graduated from the University of
     Washington with a Bachelor’s degree with honors in Economics. He also holds a Juris Doctorate degree from the
     University of California College of the Law, San Francisco (formerly known as “University of California San Francisco,
     Hastings College of Law”), and a Master’s degree in Systems Engineering and Information Systems from the Florida
     Institute of Technology. He is a member of the California Bar as well as a licensed California Real Estate Broker. He
     has accumulated over thirty years of experience in economics, law, management and information systems in Hong
     Kong, United States, Canada, the United Kingdom and the Mainland China.


     Mr. Wong is currently the director of all major subsidiaries of our Group.


     He is the chairman and an executive director of CAGL (stock code: 385), being a controlling shareholder of the
     Company. He is also the chairman and an executive director of Chinney Investments (stock code: 216) and Hon Kwok
     Land Investment Company, Limited (stock code: 160, “Hon Kwok”). CAGL, Hon Kwok and Chinney Investments
     are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange. He is the son of late Dr. James Sai-Wing Wong, the Founding
     Chairman who was a substantial shareholder of CAGL and Chinney Investments and a controlling shareholder of
     the Company, and Madam Madeline May-Lung Wong Cha who is a substantial shareholder of CAGL and Chinney
     Investments and a controlling shareholders of the Company.


     Wing-Sang Yu

     Aged 65, was appointed as our executive Director on 9 July 2015 and concurrently serves as the managing
     director of our Company. Mr. Yu is responsible for formulating corporate development and business strategies, the
     establishment and ensuring compliance with the Group’s core value and leading and training our core management
     team. Mr. Yu is a founder of our Group and established Kin Wing Engineering Company Limited (“Kin Wing
     Engineering”) in 1994. In February 2003, he left our Group to pursue his personal interest and re-joined as the
     managing director in May 2011. Mr. Yu currently also serves as a director of all major subsidiaries of our Group.


     Mr. Yu has over twenty-five years of experience in the foundation industry. He obtained a Bachelor’s degree in
     Engineering from The University of Hong Kong (“HKU”) in 1983 and a Master’s degree in Arts (Christian Studies)
     from The Chinese University of Hong Kong in 2009. He has been a corporate member of The Hong Kong Institution
     of Engineers since May 1992.




12   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
            BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS (continued)
Philip Bing-Lun Lam

Aged 83, was appointed as our executive Director on 2 September 2016. Mr. Lam began his career in 1963 with
Hang Seng Bank Limited for eleven years, and then joined HKU in 1975 as an Assistant Finance Director. He then
worked as the Chief Accountant and Comptroller in Overseas Bank (Canada) in Vancouver for three years from 1982
to 1985. In December 1985, Mr. Lam re-joined HKU and had served as the Director of Finance from 1990 until his
retirement on 30 June 2012, and had been the Honorary Advisor to the Chairman of The University of Hong Kong
Foundation for Educational Development and Research until end of 2019.


Mr. Lam is a fellow of The Chartered Institute of Management Accountants (UK), the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
Public Accountants, an associate of The Chartered Governance Institute (UK) (formerly The Institute of Chartered
Secretaries and Administrators (UK)) and The Chartered Institute of Bankers (UK).


Mr. Lam is active in community affairs and is a member of the Board of Governors of the Canadian International
School of Hong Kong.


Mr. Lam is an executive director of CAGL (stock code: 385). He was an executive director of Hon Kwok (stock code:
160) in April 2019 and subsequently re-designated to a non-executive director of Hon Kwok in July 2025. CAGL and
Hon Kwok are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange.


Hon-Man Wai

Aged 52, was appointed as our executive Director on 3 June 2023. Mr. Wai is currently the general manager and a
director of Kin Wing Engineering and Kin Wing Foundations Limited (“Kin Wing Foundations”). He is also a director
of DrilTech Ground Engineering Limited (“DrilTech Ground”), DrilTech Geotechnical Engineering Limited (“DrilTech
Geotechnical”) and Everest Engineering Company Limited, all being major subsidiaries of the Company. He is the
Head of our Execution Panel and responsible for the overall management and supervision of operations of our Group,
including but not limited to, tendering, project planning, project management, quality assurance, site safety and
general corporate administration.


Mr. Wai has over twenty-nine years of experience in supervising and managing various foundation piling projects. He
obtained a Bachelor’s degree in Environmental Engineering from The Hong Kong Polytechnic University in 1996. After
graduation, he joined the Group as an assistant engineer in September 1996.




                                                         Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025       13
     BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


     EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS (continued)
     Hoi-Fan Lam

     Aged 52, was appointed as our executive Director on 3 June 2023. Mr. Lam is currently the general manager and
     a director of DrilTech Ground and DrilTech Geotechnical (collectively the “DrilTech Group”). He is the head of our
     safety department and the DrilTech Group. He is responsible for the overall management and operations of our
     drilling and site investigation business.


     Mr. Lam has over thirty-two years of experience in performing and supervising various site investigation works. He
     joined DrilTech Ground in February 1997 as a senior technician. He obtained a Bachelor’s degree in Civil Engineering
     from Chu Hai College of Higher Education in 2009.


     INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
     Siu-Chee Kong

     Aged 79, was appointed as our independent non-executive Director on 20 October 2015. He is also the chairman of
     the audit committee of the Company.


     Mr. Kong received an MBA degree from The Chinese University of Hong Kong in December 1980, and received a
     diploma in Banking from the Chartered Institute of Bankers in London in December 1973.


     Mr. Kong began his career in 1969 with Standard Chartered Bank, where he served in various managerial positions
     for twenty-four years. He was a director of Champion Technology Holdings Limited (stock code: 0092) from 1993
     to 1994 and a director of Kantone (UK) Limited from 1994 to 1996. From 1999 to 2005, he served as an executive
     vice-president, director and alternate chief executive officer of CITIC Bank International Limited (formerly known as
     “CITIC Ka Wah Bank Limited”), and was an executive director of CITIC International Financial Holdings Limited. He
     was an independent non-executive director of China New Town Development Company Limited (stock code: 1278)
     from November 2006 to October 2024, and was an independent non-executive director of Harbin Bank Co., Ltd.
     (stock code: 6138) from October 2013 to October 2019.


     Ivan Ti-Fan Pong

     Aged 66, was appointed as our independent non-executive Director on 20 October 2015. He is also the chairman of
     the nomination committee of the Company. Mr. Pong obtained his Bachelor’s degree in Economics (with Honours)
     from the University of Essex, U.K. in July 1983 and obtained his Master’s degree in Business Administration from
     the EMBA Program of The Chinese University of Hong Kong in December 1999. He became a fellow of Hong Kong
     Institute of Directors (FHKIoD) since January 2020.


     Mr. Pong has over thirty years of experience in the real estate investment market in Hong Kong and the People’s
     Republic of China. Mr. Pong worked for Hon Kwok and its affiliated companies from January 1984 to October 1988
     and was responsible for property development, property investments and project acquisitions for the Hon Kwok
     group. Mr. Pong worked at Chesterton Petty Ltd. as a senior agency manager in 1988. He joined Richard Ellis Ltd.
     as a senior manager in 1989 and promoted as an associate director in 1991. During the periods from 1992 to 1994
     and from 1994 to 2000, Mr. Pong was a director of Metrobase Surveyors Limited and Cosmo Surveyors Limited
     respectively and completed a number of property investment and acquisition projects. He is currently a director of
     Metroland Property Consultants Limited.




14   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
            BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS (continued)
Robert Che-Kwong Tsui

Aged 72, was appointed as our independent non-executive Director on 20 October 2015. He is also the chairman of
the remuneration committee of the Company. He graduated from the University of Buckingham with a Bachelor’s
degree of Laws in February 1981. Mr. Tsui was admitted to the Law Society of Hong Kong in 1985 and qualified to
practice law in Singapore in 1994 and in Anguilla, Caribbean in 2005.


Mr. Tsui has over thirty years of experience as practicing solicitor in Hong Kong. He is the founder and owner of
Robert C.K. Tsui & Co., Solicitors, a law firm established in 1990. Mr. Tsui was an independent non-executive director
of Kaisa Capital Investment Holdings Limited (stock code: 0936, formerly known as “Eagle Legend Asia Limited”), a
company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange from December 2014 to November 2019.


Kit-Sum Ling (alias Imma Kit-Sum Ling)

Aged 71, was appointed as our independent non-executive Director on 2 December 2024. Ms. Ling is a Certified
Public Accountant (Practising) and is a retired assurance partner of PricewaterhouseCoopers. Ms. Ling has extensive
experience in accounting, auditing, due diligence and initial public offerings.


Ms. Ling is a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants, a fellow of the Association of
Chartered Certified Accountants, a member of the Chartered Professional Accountants of Ontario, Canada and
a member of Chartered Institute of Management Accountants. She is also an accredited general mediator of the
Hong Kong Mediation Accreditation Association Limited. She holds a Diploma in Accountancy from the Hong Kong
Polytechnic (now known as The Hong Kong Polytechnic University) and a Master of Science in Corporate Governance
and Directorship (Distinction) from the Hong Kong Baptist University.


Ms. Ling is currently an independent non-executive director of ENM Holdings Limited (stock code: 128), EVA Precision
Industrial Holdings Limited (stock code: 838), Melbourne Enterprises Limited (stock code: 158) and Raymond
Industrial Limited (stock code: 229), all being companies listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange.


Ms. Ling currently holds the following key positions in public service: council member and treasurer of The Education
University of Hong Kong, member of the Advisory Board of Hong Kong Institute of Information Technology of
Vocational Training Council, member of the Panel of Review Boards on School Complaints of the Education Bureau,
executive committee member of Hong Kong Youth Hostels Association, council member and honorary secretary of
The Hong Kong Federation of Youth Groups, independent manager of the incorporated management committee of
Ng Yuk Secondary School, an aided school.


Ms. Ling was an independent non-executive director of Digital Hollywood Interactive Limited (stock code: 2022) from
November 2017 to June 2021, Wise Ally International Holdings Limited (stock code: 9918) from December 2019
to June 2023 and Arta TechFin Corporation Limited (stock code: 279) from October 2021 to December 2025, all
being companies listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange. In public service, Ms. Ling was a member of the
Appeal Board Panel (Town Planning) from October 2016 to September 2022, a member of the Hospital Governing
Committee of Hospital Authority from April 2015 to March 2022, a board member of the Estate Agents Authority
from November 2015 to October 2021, and a board member of the Employees Compensation Assistance Fund Board
from July 2006 to June 2012.




                                                           Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025        15
     BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


     SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     Ka-Wah Chan

     Aged 58, has been a technical director of the Company since October 2023. Mr. Chan is also a director of Kin Wing
     Engineering, Kin Wing Foundations, DrilTech Ground and DrilTech Geotechnical. He is responsible for providing
     technical support to our projects, particularly in resolving construction-related issues, with a special emphasis on
     ensuring pile quality.


     Mr. Chan has over thirty-one years of experience in supervising and managing foundation and site formation projects.
     Prior to joining our Group, he worked as a graduate/assistant engineer at Leighton-Bruckner Foundation Engineering
     Ltd. from August 1990 to April 1992 and a site engineer at Chee Shing Foundation Limited from April 1993 to July
     1994. Mr. Chan joined our Group in 1994. He obtained a Bachelor’s degree in Civil and Structural Engineering from
     HKU in 1990.


     Man-Fu Tang

     Aged 59, has been a technical director of the Company since October 2023. He is responsible for supervising of
     foundation construction and ancillary services projects of our Group, providing technical support and advice to the
     project team, and exploring new technologies and equipment for foundation construction, enhancing product quality
     and our Group’s reputation.


     Mr. Tang has over thirty-two years of experience in project and site management. He obtained a Master’s degree
     in Project Management from The University of South Australia in April 2004, a Master’s degree in Civil Engineering
     and a Master’s degree in Environmental Management and Engineering from The Hong Kong Polytechnic University
     in November 2010 and March 2026 respectively. He was admitted as a member of Australian Institute of Project
     Management in November 2004. Mr. Tang joined our Group as a site agent in January 2000 and currently acts as a
     Vice-chairman of Piling Contractors Committee under The Hong Kong Constructing Association.


     Ronnie Wai-Kwong Tse

     Aged 59, joined the Group in September 2007 as a design manager. He was appointed as the assistant general
     manager (Tender) of our Group in 2022 and is now responsible for foundation tendering. Mr. Tse obtained his
     Bachelor’s degree in Civil Engineering in 2001 and his Master’s degree in Structural Engineering in 2006. He has more
     than thirty years wide range of design experience in the field of foundation, reinforced concrete, steelwork, deep
     excavation as well as site formation projects. Before joining our Group, he worked as a design manager at CWF Piling
     and Civil Engineering Co. Ltd. for ten years.


     Kong-Wa Chen

     Aged 52, has been an assistant general manager (site operation) of our Group since April 2024. Mr. Chen is
     responsible for leading the bored pile production team and site supervisor group, overseeing the on-site production
     and works supervision matters.


     He has over twenty-nine years of experience in the construction industry in various areas, including thirteen years
     specialising in foundation construction. Prior to joining our Group, Mr. Chen had worked for several renowned
     contractors in diverse large-scale site formation, civil and building projects. He joined our Group as a senior site
     supervisor in October 2010.




16   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
            BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


SENIOR MANAGEMENT (continued)
Kwok-Chung Choi

Aged 45, has been the quantity surveying manager of our Group since October 2021. He is also the department head
responsible for quantity surveying, cost control, and contract management matters. Starting from December 2023, he
has concurrently taken on the role of the human resources and administration department head, overseeing human
resources management, recruitment, training, performance management, compensation and benefits, and other
related tasks. During 2025, he further assumed the role of supervising Procurement and Accounting Department.


With over twenty years of experience in quantity surveying, Mr. Choi is particularly knowledgeable in handling claims
and disputes related to ground investigation and bored pile foundation contracts. He joined our Group as an assistant
quantity surveyor in March 2003.


Shing-Chi Lau

Aged 38, joined the Group in 2015 and has been the Design Manager of the Group since 2022. He has over
fifteen years of experience in geotechnical and structural engineering design, including foundation engineering,
and is responsible for overseeing engineering design, providing geotechnical and structural technical support, and
spearheading the development of Building Information Modeling (BIM) within the Group. In early 2023, he also took
on the role of supervising the Information Technology Department, where he is responsible for leading the IT team,
overseeing departmental operations, formulating strategic development plans, and overseeing the development
of artificial intelligence initiatives. During 2025, he further assumed the role of supervising the Environmental and
Quality Assurance Department and the development of laboratory technology under LABTech.


Mr. Lau obtained a Bachelor of Engineering in Civil Engineering from The Hong Kong Polytechnic University. He has
been a Member of The Hong Kong Institution of Engineers since 2015 and became a Registered Professional Engineer
(Structural) in Hong Kong in 2019.


Anthony Ding-Him Yu

Aged 41, was appointed as the company secretary and financial controller of the Company on 16 January 2025.
He has over fifteen years of experience in auditing, accounting and initial public offerings. He is responsible for the
financial, accounting and company secretarial matters of the Group. Prior to joining the Group, he worked in various
companies as finance leader including Fengyinhe Holdings Limited (formerly known as “Flying Financial Service
Holdings Limited”, whose shares are listed on the GEM of the Stock Exchange with stock code: 8030) from January
2014 to July 2014, Clifford Modern Living Holdings Limited (whose shares are listed on the Main Board of the Stock
Exchange (stock code: 3686)) from January 2016 to December 2019, and Clifford Medical Group Limited from March
2022 to June 2023.


Mr. Yu obtained a Bachelor of Commerce degree in April 2009 by the University of South Australia, Australia and a
Master of Business Administration (Technology) from the University of New South Wales (online program) in January
2024. He obtained a certificate of membership as a certified public accountant and became a fellow member from
the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants in May 2014 and July 2021 respectively and was admitted as
a member then fellow member of CPA Australia in January 2013 and May 2024 respectively.


Mr. Yu was also admitted as an associate of the Chartered Institute of Management Accountants in March 2013, a
certified internal auditor of The Institute of Internal Auditors in February 2023, a project management professional
of the Project Management Institute in May 2024, and a certified business analysis professional of the International
Institute of Business Analysis in October 2024.




                                                          Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025          17
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
     The Company is committed to achieving the standards of corporate conduct and to place importance on its corporate
     governance systems so as to ensure greater transparency, accountability and protection of shareholders’ interests.


     This report describes the Company’s corporate governance practices and structures that were in place during the financial
     year, with specific reference to the principles and guidelines of the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”)
     as set out in Appendix C1 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”).
     In developing and reviewing its corporate governance policies and practices, the Company has sought to adopt a
     balanced approach.


     Throughout the year ended 31 December 2025, in the opinion of the Directors, the Company has complied with
     the applicable code provisions of the CG Code as set out in Appendix C1 of the Listing Rules, except C.5.1, which is
     discussed in this report.


     CORPORATE CULTURE
     A positive and progressive corporate culture across the Group is vital for the Company to achieve its purpose towards
     the sustainable growth. It is the role of the Board to foster the Group’s corporate culture with the core principles of
     integrity and accountability to guide the behaviours of its employees and ensure that the Company’s purpose, values
     and business strategies are aligned to it.


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE
     The Board believes that a well-balanced corporate governance structure will enable the Company to better manage its
     business risks and thereby ensure the Company is run in the best interests of its shareholders and other stakeholders.
     The Board is primarily responsible for setting directions, formulating strategies, monitoring performance and
     managing risks of the Group. At the same time, it is also charged with the duty to enhance the effectiveness of the
     corporate governance practices of the Group. Under the Board, there are currently three board committees, namely
     Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee. All the Committees perform their distinct
     roles in accordance with their respective terms of reference and assist the Board in supervising certain functions of
     the senior management.




18   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Members of the Board are collectively responsible for overseeing the business and affairs of the Group that aims
to enhancing the Company’s value for stakeholders. Roles of the Board include reviewing and guiding corporate
strategies and policies; monitoring financial and operating performance; ensuring the integrity of the Group’s
accounting and financial reporting systems; and setting appropriate policies in managing risks of the Group while the
day-to-day management is delegated to the executive Directors. The biographical details of the Directors are set out
in the “Biographies of Directors and Senior Management” on pages 12 to 17 of this Annual Report.


The Board currently comprises of six executive Directors and four independent non-executive Directors. The Directors
during the financial year and up to the date of the report are currently as follows:


Executive Directors

Yuen-Keung Chan (Chairman)
James Sing-Wai Wong
Wing-Sang Yu (Managing Director)
Philip Bing-Lun Lam
Hon-Man Wai
Hoi-Fan Lam


Independent Non-Executive Directors

Siu-Chee Kong
Ivan Ti-Fan Pong
Robert Che-Kwong Tsui
Kit-Sum Ling


Pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules, the changes in information of the Directors are set out below:


(i)     Mr. Philip Bing-Lun Lam has re-designated as a non-executive director of Hon Kwok (stock code: 160) with
        effect from 1 July 2025.


(ii)    Mr. Yuen-Keung Chan has ceased as the managing director of Chinney Investments (stock code: 216) with
        effect from 29 August 2025.


(iii)   Ms. Kit-Sum Ling has resigned as an independent non-executive director of Arta TechFin Corporation Limited
        (stock code: 279) with effect from 23 December 2025.


Independent non-executive Directors serve the relevant function of bringing independent judgment on the
development, performance and risk management of the Group through their contributions in board meetings.


The Board considers that each independent non-executive Director is independent in character and judgment. The
Company has received from each independent non-executive Director a written confirmation of his/her independence
pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.


Board meetings of the Company were held twice during the year on a regular basis, which deviated from code
provision C.5.1 of the CG Code which stipulates that the Board should meet regularly and board meetings should be
held at least four times a year at approximately quarterly intervals.




                                                           Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025       19
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     BOARD OF DIRECTORS (continued)
     In view of the simplicity of the Group’s businesses, regular board meetings have not been held quarterly during
     the year. The interim and annual results together with all corporate transactions happened during the year have
     been reviewed and discussed amongst the Directors at the full board meetings held in the year. But the Board
     (including all independent non-executive directors) was fully and continuously informed of the Group’s major business
     developments and affairs through alternative but effective mechanisms. In practice:


     (i)    Various business event gatherings were attended by Board members, during which the Group’s operational
            matters, business developments and strategic considerations were discussed in depth; and


     (ii)   Weekly cash basis financial and operational performance updates were circulated to all Board members,
            allowing them to monitor the Group’s financial position, liquidity status, and business performance in a timely
            manner, and to provide comments or guidance as needed.


     These communication channels enabled the Board to stay closely engaged with management and ensured that
     independent non-executive directors received sufficiently frequent and meaningful information to perform their
     oversight duties.


     Draft minutes of board meetings shall be circulated to Directors for comments and the signed minutes are kept by the
     Company Secretary.


     In order to safeguard the interest of individual Director, the Company has also arranged directors’ and officers’
     liability insurance for the Directors.


     BOARD INDEPENDENCE
     The Group has established following mechanisms to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board,
     which have been reviewed by the Board and considered to be effective:


     (a)    As at the date of this report, four out of the ten Directors are independent non-executive Directors, which
            meets the requirement of the Listing Rules that at least one-third of the Board are independent non-executive
            Directors.


     (b)    All independent non-executive Directors of the Company are appointed to board committees and continue
            to contribute actively in board and board committees’ meetings to bring independent judgement on the
            development, performance and risk management of the Group.


     (c)    The Nomination Committee strictly adheres to the independence assessment criteria as set out in the Listing
            Rules with regard to the nomination and appointment of independent non-executive Directors, and is
            mandated to assess annually the independence of independent non-executive Directors to ensure that they can
            continually exercise independent judgement.


            The Company has received from each independent non-executive Director a written confirmation of his/her
            independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. With the assessment conducted by the Nomination
            Committee, the Board still considers that each independent non-executive Director is independent in character
            and judgement.


     (d)    No equity-based remuneration with performance-related elements will be granted to independent
            non-executive Directors as this may lead to bias in their decision-making and compromise their objectivity and
            independence.



20   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
The CG Code requires that the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive be separated and not performed by the
same individual to ensure there is a clear division of responsibilities between the Chairman and the management
executives.

Mr. Yuen-Keung Chan, Chairman of the Company, is responsible for the management of the Board. The Group’s
business namely Foundation Division and Drilling Division are managed by its divisional managing directors and/or
general managers.

Throughout the year, there was a clear division of responsibilities between the Chairman and the management
executives.

APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
A Director appointed by the Board is subject to election by shareholders at the first annual general meeting after
his or her appointment, and every executive and non-executive Director is subject to retirement by rotation and
re-election at the Company’s annual general meeting by shareholders every three years under the provision of the
Bye-laws of the Company (the “Bye-laws”).

In accordance with bye-law 84 of the Bye-laws, Mr. Philip Bing-Lun Lam, Mr. Hon-Man Wai, Mr. Hoi-Fan Lam and
Mr. Ivan Ti-Fan Pong will retire by rotation and, being eligible, will offer themselves for re-election at the forthcoming
annual general meeting.

INDUCTION AND CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
The Company Secretary updates Directors on the latest developments and changes to the Listing Rules and the
applicable legal and regulatory requirements regarding subjects necessary in the discharge of their duties.

All Directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their
knowledge and skills. Directors are continually updated on developments in the statutory and regulatory regime and
the business environment to facilitate the discharge of their responsibilities.

Directors are required to submit to the Company annually details of training sessions undertaken by them in each
financial year for the Company to maintain a training record for its Directors. According to the training records
maintained by the Company, the training received by each of the Directors during the year ended 31 December 2025
is summarised as follows:

Name of Director                                                                                        Type of trainings


Executive Directors
Yuen-Keung Chan                                                                                         A, B
James Sing-Wai Wong                                                                                     A, B
Wing-Sang Yu                                                                                            A, B
Philip Bing-Lun Lam                                                                                     A, B
Hon-Man Wai                                                                                             A, B
Hoi-Fan Lam                                                                                             A, B

Independent Non-Executive Directors
Siu-Chee Kong                                                                                           A, B
Ivan Ti-Fan Pong                                                                                        A, B
Robert Che-Kwong Tsui                                                                                   A, B
Kit-Sum Ling                                                                                            A, B

A:     attending seminars/conferences/workshops/forums
B:     reading newspapers, journals and updates relating to the economy, environmental protection business or director’s duties
       and responsibilities etc.



                                                             Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025               21
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTION
     The Board is collectively responsible for performing the corporate governance duties including:


     (a)   to develop, review and update the Company’s policy and practices on corporate governance;


     (b)   to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior
           management;


     (c)   to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory
           requirements;


     (d)   to review the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the “Corporate Governance Report”;
           and


     (e)   to perform such other corporate governance duties and functions set out in the CG Code (as amended from
           time to time) for which the Board is responsible.


     DIRECTORS’ SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
     The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model
     Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules.


     On specific enquiries made, all Directors have confirmed that they have complied with the required standard set
     out in the Model Code throughout the year ended 31 December 2025. Securities interests in the Company and its
     associated corporations held by each of the Directors are set out in the “Report of the Directors” on pages 31 to 41
     of this Annual Report.


     REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
     The Remuneration Committee was established on 20 October 2015 and it currently comprises two independent
     non-executive Directors namely Mr. Robert Che-Kwong Tsui (as Chairman) and Mr. Ivan Ti-Fan Pong and an executive
     Director namely Mr. Yuen-Keung Chan.


     The terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee are available on the Stock Exchange’s website and the
     Company’s website. The principal functions include, but not limited to:


     –     reviewing and approving the management’s remuneration proposals with reference to the Board’s goals and
           objectives; and


     –     as the Board shall direct, making recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual
           executive Directors and senior management.


     The Remuneration Committee consults the chairman of the Board and an executive Director about their remuneration
     proposals for other executive Directors and senior management.


     Details of remuneration packages of the executive Directors during the year are set out under heading “Directors’
     Remuneration” on pages 84 and 85 in this Annual Report.




22   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


REMUNERATION COMMITTEE (continued)
In 2025, two meetings of the Remuneration Committee were held during which the remuneration packages of all
executive Directors and senior management for the year have been reviewed individually and the proposal for year
2025 remuneration adjustment and bonus distribution were considered.


DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION POLICY
The Company has adopted a remuneration policy for its Directors, which aims to provide a fair market level of
remuneration to retain and motivate high quality Directors, and attract experienced people of high calibre to oversee
the business and development of the Group. Pursuant to the remuneration policy, the following key principles have
been established for the remuneration for both executive Directors’ and non-executive Directors’ remuneration/fees
(including independent non-executive Directors):


–     executive Directors’ remuneration packages shall comprise fixed and variable components linking to individual
      and the Group’s performance and comparable to peer companies, and shall be reviewed annually by the
      Remuneration Committee and approved by the Board.


–     non-executive Directors (including independent non-executive Directors) shall receive fixed remuneration/fee to
      be set at an appropriate level by reference to the relevant time commitment and the size and complexity of the
      Group, and shall be reviewed annually by the Remuneration Committee and approved by the Board.


–     authorisation is to be granted from the Company’s shareholders at its annual general meeting to determine
      Directors’ remuneration for each financial year.


–     no individual is involved in determining his or her own remuneration.


NOMINATION COMMITTEE
The Nomination Committee was established on 20 October 2015 and it currently comprises four independent
non-executive Directors namely Mr. Ivan Ti-Fan Pong (as Chairman), Mr. Robert Che-Kwong Tsui, Mr. Siu-Chee Kong
and Ms. Kit-Sum Ling and two executive Directors namely Mr. Yuen-Keung Chan and Mr. James Sing-Wai Wong.


The terms of reference of the Nomination Committee are available on the Stock Exchange’s website and the
Company’s website.


The roles and functions of the Nomination Committee include reviewing the structure, size and composition of
the Board, identifying individuals suitably qualified to become Directors, selecting or making recommendations to
the Board on nominations, appointment or re-appointment of Directors and Board succession, and assessing the
independence of the independent non-executive Directors.


A Nomination Committee meeting was held in March 2025. The major works performed by the Nomination
Committee during the year included assessing the independence of independent non-executive Directors, making
recommendation to the Board on the retiring Directors’ eligibility for re-election at the annual general meeting and
discussing the succession planning of the Board. It also reviewed the structure, size and composition of the Board,
the board diversity policy and the nomination policy, and considered that the said policies were appropriate and
effective. Draft minutes of the Nomination Committee meeting is circulated to members of Nomination Committee
for comments and the signed minutes is kept by the Company Secretary.




                                                         Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025         23
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     DIVERSITY OF THE BOARD AND OF THE WORKFORCE
     The Board has adopted a board diversity policy, which set out the approach to achieve diversity on the Board. When
     deciding on appointments of board members and continuation of those appointments, the Board considers a number
     of board diversity criteria according to the policy, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural background,
     educational background, professional expertise, industry experience, skills and knowledge. The ultimate decision will
     be based on merit and contribution that the selected candidates will bring to the Board. These measurable objectives
     have been set to ensure that the Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate
     to the Company and will be reviewed by the Nomination Committee annually to ensure the continued effectiveness
     of the Board. The Nomination Committee will discuss any revisions that may be required, and recommend any such
     revisions to the Board for consideration and approval.


     The Board, with the help of the Nomination Committee, reviewed the structure, size and composition of the Board
     and was satisfied, in general, with diversity of the Board in accordance with the board diversity policy. The Board
     considers that the current Board’s composition reflects an appropriate balance of gender, skills, experience and
     diverse perspectives among its members that complement the Group’s strategy and business developments.


     To identify potential successors to the Board to maintain the board diversity, the Company would search via internal
     resources and may engage professional search firm as and when required.


                     Female                                              Male
     Gender
                   1 director                                         9 directors
                           50-59                          60-69                             70-79                     80 or above
     Age Group
                        2 directors                     3 directors                       4 directors                 1 director
     Length of                  1 to 6 years                                    7 to 10 years
     services
                                3 directors                                         7 directors
     with board
                                               Executive Director                        Independent Non-Executive Director
     Capacity
                                                  6 directors                                           4 directors


     The Company has also taken, and continues to take steps to promote diversity at all levels of its workforce. The
     Group provides equal opportunity to all employees and does not discriminate on the grounds of gender, race, age,
     nationality, religion, sexual orientation, disability and any other aspects of diversity. As at 31 December 2025, the
     workforce (including senior management) are approximately in the 1:0.22 ratio of men to women.




24   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Audit Committee was established on 20 October 2015 and it currently comprises four independent non-executive
Directors namely Mr. Siu-Chee Kong (as Chairman), Mr. Ivan Ti-Fan Pong, Mr. Robert Che-Kwong Tsui and
Ms. Kit-Sum Ling.


The terms of reference of the Audit Committee are available on the Stock Exchange’s website and the Company’s
Website.


The primary duties of the Audit Committee include, but not limited to:


–     to discuss with the external auditor the nature and scope of the audit and reporting obligations before the
      audit commences;


–     to review the accounting principles and policies adopted by the Company and discuss with management and
      the external auditor the financial reporting matters;


–     to review the financial statements of the Group before their submission to the Board for approval; and


–     to review the effectiveness of the internal control and risk management system of the Group.


The Audit Committee met two times during the year under review. In March 2025, one meeting of Audit Committee
was held at which the Audit Committee reviewed final results of the Company and its subsidiaries for the year ended
31 December 2024 as well as the report prepared by the external auditor relating to accounting issues and major
findings in course of audit. In August 2025, one meeting of Audit Committee was held at which the Audit Committee
has reviewed the accounting principles and policies adopted by the Company and discussed with management and
the external auditor the financial reporting matters of the Group for the period ended 30 June 2025.


Draft minutes of the Audit Committee meetings were circulated to members of Audit Committee for comments and
the signed minutes are kept by the Company Secretary.




                                                          Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025      25
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     ATTENDANCE AT MEETINGS OF THE BOARD, REMUNERATION, NOMINATION AND AUDIT
     COMMITTEES AND ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
                                                                  Attended/Eligible to attend
                                                          during the year ended 31 December 2025

                                                                                                                      Annual
                                                                                                                     General
                                                        Remuneration        Nomination               Audit           Meeting
                                               Board       Committee         Committee         Committee             held on
     Name of Director                      Meetings          Meetings           Meeting          Meetings         6 June 2025


     Executive Directors
     Yuen-Keung Chan                              2/2               2/2               1/1              N/A                1/1
     James Sing-Wai Wong                          2/2              N/A                1/1              N/A                1/1
     Wing-Sang Yu                                 2/2              N/A               N/A               N/A                1/1
     Philip Bing-Lun Lam                          2/2              N/A               N/A               N/A                1/1
     Hon-Man Wai                                  2/2              N/A               N/A               N/A                1/1
     Hoi-Fan Lam                                  2/2              N/A               N/A               N/A                1/1


     Independent Non-Executive Directors
     Siu-Chee Kong                                1/2              N/A                1/1               2/2               1/1
     Ivan Ti-Fan Pong                             2/2               2/2               1/1               2/2               1/1
     Robert Che-Kwong Tsui                        2/2               2/2               1/1               2/2               1/1
     Kit-Sum Ling                                 2/2              N/A              N/A*                2/2               1/1

     *      Ms. Kit-Sum Ling appointed as a member of the Nomination Committee with effect from 28 August 2025.


     AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION
     During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group has engaged its external auditor, Ernst & Young, to provide the
     following services and their respective fees charged are set out as follows:


     Services rendered                                                                                   Fees paid/payable
                                                                                                                     HK$’000


     Audit services                                                                                                     1,631
     Non-audit services (review and other services)                                                                      500




26   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT
The Board has overall responsibilities for maintaining the Group’s systems of internal control and reviewing their
effectiveness. The internal control systems of the Group are designed to provide reasonable assurance to minimise
risk of failure in operational systems, and to assist in the achievement of the Group’s goals. The systems are also
structured to safeguard the Group’s assets, to ensure the maintenance of proper accounting records and compliance
with applicable laws, rules and regulations. The systems are designed to provide reasonable, but not absolute,
assurance against material misstatement or loss, and to manage rather than eliminate risks of failure in the Group’s
operational systems and in the achievement of the Group’s business objectives. The Group has dedicated internal
audit function who reviews the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems from time to time
in order to ensure that they meet with the dynamic and ever changing business environment.


During the year, the Audit Committee has reviewed the Group’s internal control system and considered the internal
audit report with the executive Directors and financial controller. The review covers all material controls, including
financial, operational and compliance controls and risk management of the Group and such systems have been
considered reasonably effective and adequate.


The Group regularly reminds the Directors and relevant employees for the compliance of policies regarding the inside
information, and provide them with update on the appropriate guidelines or policies to ensure the compliance with
regulatory requirements.


DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The Directors are responsible for overseeing the preparation of financial statements for each financial period with
a view to ensuring such financial statements give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Group and of
the results and cash flows for that period. The Company’s financial statements are prepared in accordance with
all relevant statutory requirements and applicable accounting standards. The Directors are responsible for ensuring
that appropriate accounting policies are selected and applied consistently; and that judgments and estimates made
are prudent and reasonable. The statement of the independent auditor of the Company, Messrs. Ernst & Young,
with regard to their reporting responsibilities on the Company’s financial statements is set out in the Independent
Auditor’s Report on pages 42 to 47.




                                                         Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025          27
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     DIVIDEND POLICY
     The Company has adopted a dividend policy (the “Dividend Policy”). Pursuant to which, in considering the declaration
     and payment of dividends, the Board shall maintain adequate cash reserves for meeting its working capital
     requirements and future business growth and take into account the following factors of the Group:


     a.    financial results;


     b.    cash flow situation;


     c.    business conditions and strategies;


     d.    future operations and earnings;


     e.    capital requirements and expenditure plans;


     f.    interests of shareholders;


     g.    any restrictions on payment of dividends; and


     h.    any other factors that the Board may consider relevant.


     The Board has discretion to declare and distribute dividends to the shareholders of the Company, subject to the
     Bye-laws and all applicable laws and regulations. The Board will review the Dividend Policy from time to time and may
     exercise its sole and absolute discretion to update, amend and/or modify the Dividend Policy at any time as it deems
     fit and necessary. There is no assurance that dividends will be paid in any particular amount for any given period.


     COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS
     The Company has adopted a Shareholders’ Communication Policy on 20 October 2015 reflecting mostly the
     current practices of the Company for communication with its shareholders. Information will be communicated to
     shareholders through:


     –       continuous disclosure to the Stock Exchange of all material information;


     –       periodic disclosure through the annual and interim reports;


     –       notices of meetings and explanatory material;


     –       the annual general meetings and other general meetings; and


     –       the Company’s website.


     Full text of the Shareholders’ Communication Policy is available at the following link of the Company’s website:
     http://chinneykinwing.etnet.com.hk/cg_doc/E-communicationpolicy.pdf.




28   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
1.   Procedures for shareholders to convene a special general meeting

     Pursuant to bye-law 58 of the Bye-laws, shareholders holding at the date of deposit of the requisition in
     aggregate not less than one-tenth of the voting rights (on a one vote per share basis) in the share capital of
     the Company may also make a requisition to convene a special general meeting and/or add resolutions to
     the agenda of a meeting. Such requisition shall be made in writing to the Board or the Company Secretary,
     to require a special general meeting to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in
     such requisition; and such meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition. If
     within twenty-one days of such deposit, the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the requisitionists
     themselves may do so in accordance with the provisions of Section 74(3) of the Companies Act 1981, but any
     meeting so convened shall not be held after the expiration of three months from the said date.


     The requisition must be signed by the requisitionists and deposited at the principal place of business of
     the Company at Room 2308, 23rd Floor, Wing On Centre, 111 Connaught Road Central, Hong Kong (the
     “Principal Place of Business”) for the attention of the Company Secretary.


     The requisition will then be verified with the Company’s Branch Share Registrar and Transfer Office in Hong
     Kong and upon its confirmation that the requisition is proper and in order, the Company Secretary will forward
     the requisition to the Board.


2.   Procedures for shareholders to propose a person for election as a director of the Company

     If a shareholder, who is duly qualified to attend and vote at the general meeting convened to deal with the
     appointment or election of Director(s), wishes to propose a person for election as a Director at that meeting,
     he/she shall have to lodge a written notice at the Company’s headquarters at Room 2308, 23/F, Wing
     On Centre, 111 Connaught Road Central, Hong Kong, for the attention of the Company Secretary of the
     Company.


     In order for the Company to inform all shareholders of that proposal, the written notice must state (i) his/her
     intention to propose such person for election as a Director, and (ii) the biographical details of such nominated
     candidate as required under Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules for publication by the Company and be signed
     by the shareholder concerned and the person who has been proposed indicating his/her willingness to be
     elected.


     The period for lodgement of the above notice shall be at least 10 business days commencing on the day after
     the despatch of the notice of the general meeting appointed for such election of Director(s) and ending on no
     later than 10 business days prior to the date of such general meeting.


     Upon receipt of the above notice from a shareholder which is received after publication of the notice of
     general meeting, the Company shall, prior to the general meeting, publish an announcement or issue a
     supplementary circular disclosing the particulars of the proposed Director pursuant to Rule 13.51(2) of the
     Listing Rules.


     Full text of the procedures for shareholders to propose a person for election as a director of the Company is
     available at the following link of the Company’s website:
     http://chinneykinwing.etnet.com.hk/cg_doc/E-proceduresforshareholders.pdf.




                                                        Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025          29
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS (continued)
     3.    The procedures for sending enquiries to the Board

           Shareholders and other stakeholders may send their enquiries and concerns in writing to the Board by
           addressing them to the Company Secretary at the Principal Place of Business and the Company Secretary shall
           then forward the same to the appropriate executives of the Company or members in the Board for further
           handling.


     4.    The procedures for putting forward proposals at shareholders’ meetings

           To put forward proposals at an annual general meeting or a special general meeting, the shareholders shall
           submit a written notice of those proposals with the detail contact information to the Company Secretary at
           the Principal Place of Business. The request will be verified with the Company’s Branch Share Registrar and
           Transfer Office in Hong Kong and upon its confirmation that the request is proper and in order, the Company
           Secretary will ask the Board to include the resolution in the agenda for the general meeting. Moreover,
           the notice period to be given to all the shareholders for consideration of the proposals submitted by the
           shareholders concerned varies as follows pursuant to bye-law 59(1) of the Bye-laws:


           (a)   for an annual general meeting, it shall be called by notice of not less than twenty-one clear days; and


           (b)   for all other general meetings, they must be called by notice of not less than fourteen clear days.




30   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                                                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


The directors of the Company (the “Directors”) herein present their report of the Company and the audited consolidated
financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2025.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND BUSINESS REVIEW
The Company is an investment holding company. Its subsidiaries are principally engaged in foundation construction, and
drilling and site investigation projects for both public and private sectors in Hong Kong. Details of the main subsidiaries
and their activities are set out in note 1 to the financial statements. There were no significant changes in the nature of the
Group’s principal activities during the year.


Further discussion and analysis of these activities as required by Schedule 5 to the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance,
including a description of the principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group and an indication of likely future
development in the Group’s business, can be found in the Chairman’s Statement on pages 10 and 11 of this Annual Report
and the Management Discussion and Analysis set out on pages 32 to 34 of this Report of the Directors.


In the opinion of the Directors, Chinney Alliance Group Limited (“CAGL”), a company incorporated in Bermuda with limited
liability and listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”), is the ultimate
holding company of the Company.


CAGL and its subsidiaries, but excluding the Group, are hereafter collectively referred to as the “Remaining Group”.


RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS
The Group’s profit for the year ended 31 December 2025 and the Group’s financial position as at that date are set out in
the financial statements on pages 48 to 112.


The board of Directors (the “Board”) recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK2.0 cents per share for the year
ended 31 December 2025 to the shareholders of the Company whose names appear on the Company’s register of members
on 15 June 2026. Subject to approval by the shareholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting, the dividend cheques
are expected to be despatched to the shareholders on or before 7 July 2026.




                                                             Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025              31
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
     BUSINESS AND OPERATION REVIEW

     As at 31 December 2025, the Group had 12 and 50 projects in progress with contract sum of approximately HK$2,321
     million and HK$1,063 million in the Foundation Division and Drilling Division, respectively.


     Revenue

     Set out below is the breakdown of revenue of the Group during the current and previous year:


                                                                                                        2025            2024
                                                                                                     HK$’000        HK$’000


     Foundation Division                                                                        1,921,117         1,993,993
     Drilling Division                                                                               351,820        491,669


                                                                                                2,272,937         2,485,662


     The Group’s revenue for the year was HK$2,272.9 million (2024: HK$2,485.7 million), representing a decrease of
     HK$212.7 million or 8.6% from that of previous year. Revenue for our Foundation Division decreased from previous year
     of HK$1,994.0 million to the reporting year of HK$1,921.1 million, representing a decrease of HK$72.9 million or 3.7%
     while revenue for our Drilling Division decreased from previous year of HK$491.7 million to the reporting year of HK$351.8
     million, representing a decrease of HK$139.8 million or 28.4%. The decrease of revenue was mainly due to higher-value
     contracts progressing toward finalisation for both Foundation Division and Drilling Division.


     Gross profit and gross profit margin

     The Group’s total gross profit for the reporting year was HK$487.7 million (2024: HK$365.7 million), representing an
     increase of HK$122.1 million or 33.4% from that of previous year. Furthermore, the Group’s overall gross profit margin
     increased from previous year of 14.7% to the reporting year of 21.5%. The increase in total gross profit and gross profit
     margin was due to decrease in material costs. We continued to secure new projects with the professionalism of our project
     management teams and stringent project cost control by ensuring minimum construction cost incurred in return for desired
     construction qualities achieved.


     Other income and gains

     The Group recorded other income and gains in the reporting year of HK$30.6 million, representing an increase of HK$2.9
     million or 10.4% as compared with previous year of HK$27.7 million. The increase in other income and gains was mainly
     attributed to the full year interest income from a loan to a related company of HK$15.0 million in the reporting year,
     representing an increase of HK$11.5 million or 328.6% as compared to HK$3.5 million for previous year. However, such
     increase was partly set-off by the decrease in interest income earned by the Group from cash deposits with licensed banks
     from previous year of HK$22.9 million, representing a decrease of HK$10.4 million or 45.2% to current reporting year
     of HK$12.6 million due to decrease in interest rate. The Group will continue to closely monitor the cashflow position and
     maximise the bank interest income earned therefrom.




32   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                                                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (continued)
BUSINESS AND OPERATION REVIEW (continued)

Administrative expenses

The Group’s administrative expenses in the reporting year was HK$350.4 million, representing an increase of HK$113.1
million or 47.7% as compared with the previous corresponding year of HK$237.3 million. The increase in administrative
expenses was mainly due to the increase in staff costs of HK$110.5 million in the reporting year in recruiting and retaining
competitive personnel as well as performance bonus to the directors in reward for their contribution to the Group. The
Group will persistently adopt stringent control policies to monitor the extent of administrative expenses.


Net profit

The Group’s net profit in the reporting year was HK$133.1 million, representing an increase of 4.7% or HK$6.0 million, as
compared with the previous corresponding year of HK$127.1 million. The increase of net profit was mainly attributed to the
increased gross profit of HK$122.1 million which being generated from the construction projects, and partially set-off by
increased staff costs in administrative expenses of HK$110.5 million and increased income tax expense of HK$4.8 million in
the reporting year.


FINANCIAL REVIEW

Liquidity and financial resources

As at 31 December 2025, the Group had unpledged cash and bank balances of HK$742.4 million as compared with that of
HK$562.5 million at 31 December 2024. The increase of cash and bank balances of HK$179.8 million was recorded after
providing payment of 2024 final and special dividend of HK$60.0 million, capital payment of HK$93.2 million in acquisition
of machineries and motor vehicles, together with net cash inflow from certain sizeable foundation and site investigation
contracts in the reporting year. The Group maintained a sound financial position and remained debt free during the
reporting year.


Funding and treasury policy

The Group has a prudent funding and treasury policy. Surplus funds are mainly maintained in the form of cash deposits
with licensed banks. To manage liquidity risk, the Board closely monitors the Group’s position to ensure that the liquidity
structure of the Group’s assets, liabilities and other commitments can meet its funding requirements from time to time.


Contingent liabilities

As at 31 December 2025, the Group provided corporate guarantees and counter indemnities to certain banks for an
aggregate amount of HK$237.4 million (2024: HK$268.5 million) for the issue of performance bonds in its ordinary course
of business.


Employees and remuneration policies

As at 31 December 2025, the Group employed 628 staff in Hong Kong. The Group is proud of the professional foundation
and drilling contracting team formed by these colleagues. Remuneration packages are reviewed annually and determined by
reference to market pay and individual performance. In addition to salary payments and discretionary bonuses, the Group
also provides other employment benefits including medical insurance cover, provident fund and educational subsidies to
eligible staff.




                                                             Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025            33
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (continued)
     OUTLOOK AND FUTURE PLANS

     In 2025, Kin Wing significantly strengthened its operational capacity through the acquisition of a substantial fleet of bored
     pile equipment. Together with an enlarged depot facility exceeding 200,000 sq. ft., these strategic investments enhance
     our capabilities and establish Kin Wing as one of the most robust and well-equipped machinery fleets in Hong Kong and
     positioning itself for anticipated future requirements. Another subsidiary, DrilTech, continues to strengthen its market
     presence through new ground investigation contracts, leveraging its HOKLAS-accredited Koden Test capabilities. DrilTech
     will further extend its service offerings in 2026 with the introduction of marine ground investigation services via a purpose-
     built exploration vessel. Having developed a comprehensive portfolio spanning site investigation, instrumentation, marine
     ground investigation and field testing, DrilTech has secured placement on a significant NEC4 Framework Contract, validating
     the Group’s technical leadership and specialised capabilities.


     With tremendous contribution by the CKW Academy, the Group’s priorities include workflow optimisation, enhanced
     cost management and strengthened cross-functional collaboration. The Group is bolstering operational resilience through
     advanced AI-enabled monitoring systems and IT infrastructure upgrades, while its Method Statement ensures consistent
     delivery excellence and uncompromising safety standards.


     The Group continues to maintain a disciplined approach amid intensified competition, limited project opportunities, and
     rising labour costs and fuel costs. The fire incident at Wang Fuk Court was a profound tragedy, and the Group extends
     its sincere condolences to the affected families and the community. Consequently, the Group anticipates heightened
     regulatory oversight across the industry, resulting in more stringent site management protocols and increased compliance
     requirements. Along with subdued market conditions and raised expectations, the Group will endeavor to foster its culture
     with central idea of rejecting mediocrity and embracing excellence in 2026.


     Looking ahead, the Group remains cautiously optimistic about the outlook for Hong Kong’s foundation and construction
     sectors. Its strategy focuses on strengthening core capabilities, pursuing measured operational growth and selectively
     capturing opportunities, while remaining open to partnerships that align with its long-term vision. The industry’s
     transition toward sustainable practices represents both a responsibility and an opportunity. The Group has implemented
     comprehensive Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) frameworks throughout its operations, incorporating advanced
     ecological construction methodologies and sophisticated waste management systems. This strategic commitment aligns with
     regulatory priorities while enhancing its competitive positioning for future development opportunities.


     The broader construction landscape continues to transform, presenting diversified opportunities alongside operational
     challenges. Public housing initiatives and Northern Metropolis infrastructure developments are accelerating, while private
     developers recalibrate strategies in response to evolving market dynamics. These conditions favour contractors with technical
     versatility and proven project management expertise. The Group’s extensive industry experience, operational capabilities,
     and financial stability position it well to navigate market complexities while delivering consistent value to stakeholder. Its
     demonstrated adaptability, together with a continued commitment to operational excellence, further distinguishes the
     Group within Hong Kong’s evolving construction landscape.




34   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                                                         REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


SUMMARY OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION
A summary of the published results and assets, liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years, as extracted from the
audited financial statements, is set out below.


RESULTS

                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                            2025               2024                2023               2022                2021
                                       HK$’000             HK$’000             HK$’000            HK$’000             HK$’000


REVENUE                               2,272,937           2,485,662          2,122,397           1,805,843          2,042,378



PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                     133,129             127,118            120,466              96,024              66,693


ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

                                                                      As at 31 December
                                            2025               2024                2023               2022                2021
                                       HK$’000             HK$’000             HK$’000            HK$’000             HK$’000


TOTAL ASSETS                          2,035,430           2,004,549          1,756,752           1,525,661          1,214,049


TOTAL LIABILITIES                    (1,154,058)         (1,201,392)        (1,026,546)           (872,501)           (641,219)


                                        881,372             803,157            730,206             653,160            572,830


The information set out above does not form part of the audited financial statements.


SHARE CAPITAL
There were no movements in the Company’s share capital during the year.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Bye-laws or the laws of Bermuda which would oblige the Company
to offer new shares on a pro rata basis to existing shareholders.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SHARES
Neither the Company, nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed shares during the
year.




                                                              Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025               35
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
     Pursuant to the Bye-laws, every Director shall be entitled to be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all
     losses or liabilities which he/she may sustain or incur in or about the execution of the duties of his/her office or otherwise in
     relation thereto. The Company has arranged appropriate directors’ and officers’ liability insurance coverage for the directors
     and officers of the Group throughout the year.


     DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
     Under the laws of Bermuda, the Company’s reserves available for distribution to shareholders amounted to HK$74,117,000
     as at 31 December 2025, of which HK$30,000,000 has been proposed as final dividends for the year. In addition, the
     Company’s share premium account, in the amount of HK$63,628,000 may be distributed to shareholders of the Company
     in the form of fully paid bonus shares.


     MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
     During the year under review, sales to the Group’s five largest customers accounted for 70% of the total sales for the
     year and sales to the largest customer included therein amount to 29%. Purchases from the Group’s five largest suppliers
     accounted for 13% of the total purchase for the year and purchase from the largest supplier included therein amounted to
     3%.


     None of the directors of the Company or any of their associates or any shareholders (which, to the best knowledge of
     the directors, own more than 5% of the Company’s share capital) had any beneficial interest in the Group’s five largest
     customers nor suppliers.


     DIRECTORS
     The Directors during the year and up to the date of this report were:


     Executive Directors:

     Yuen-Keung Chan (Chairman)
     James Sing-Wai Wong
     Wing-Sang Yu (Managing Director)
     Philip Bing-Lun Lam
     Hon-Man Wai
     Hoi-Fan Lam


     Independent Non-Executive Directors:

     Siu-Chee Kong
     Ivan Ti-Fan Pong
     Robert Che-Kwong Tsui
     Kit-Sum Ling


     The Company has received written annual confirmations of independence from Mr. Siu-Chee Kong, Mr. Ivan Ti-Fan Pong,
     Mr. Robert Che-Kwong Tsui and Ms. Kit-Sum Ling pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on
     The Stock Exchange of the Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”) and the Company is of the view that all independent
     non-executive Directors are independent.




36   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                                                         REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


RE-ELECTION OF RETIRING DIRECTORS
In accordance with bye-law 84 of the Bye-laws, Mr. Philip Bing-Lun Lam, Mr. Hon-Man Wai, Mr. Hoi-Fan Lam and
Mr. Ivan Ti-Fan Pong (“Mr. Pong”) will retire by rotation and, being eligible, will offer themselves for re-election at the
forthcoming annual general meeting.


The proposed re-election of Mr. Pong as independent non-executive Director was made in accordance with the nomination
policy of the Company and took into account a wide range of diversity perspectives, including but not limited to gender,
age, cultural background, educational background, professional expertise, industry experience, skills and knowledge as set
out under the board diversity policy of the Company.


The nomination committee of the Company (the “Nomination Committee”) had also assessed and reviewed the written
confirmation of independence of Mr. Pong, based on the independence criteria as set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules
and is satisfied that as at the date of this report, Mr. Pong remained independent in accordance with Rule 3.13 of the
Listing Rules. Despite the fact that Mr. Pong has been serving as an independent non-executive Director for more than 9
years, he has fulfilled the independence criteria set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules throughout his tenures of office. In
addition, Mr. Pong’s extensive knowledge and experience in property market can provide valuable independent advice to
the Board and he is free from any business or other relationship with the Company which could interfere with his exercise
of independent judgment. The Board is of the view that the long service of Mr. Pong would not affect his exercise of
independent judgement and is satisfied that Mr. Pong has the required character, integrity and experience to continue to
fulfill the roles of independent non-executive Director.


In addition, the Nomination Committee had evaluated the performance of Mr. Pong and is of the view that Mr. Pong has
provided valuable contributions to the Company and has demonstrated his abilities to provide independent, balanced and
objective view to the Company’s affairs. The Nomination Committee is also of the view that Mr. Pong would bring to the
Board his own perspective, skills and experience, as further described in his biography as set out on page 14 of this Annual
Report, and can contribute to the diversity of the Board taking into account his diversified educational background and
professional experience. The Board, with the recommendation of Nomination Committee, believes that the re-election of
Mr. Pong as the independent non-executive Director would be in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders as
a whole and recommends his re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting.


BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Biographical details of the Directors and the senior management of the Group are set out on pages 12 to 17 of the Annual
Report.


DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
No Director has a service contract with any member of the Group which is not determinable within one year without
payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.


DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION
The directors’ remuneration is subject to shareholders’ approval at general meetings. The remuneration of the Directors is
reviewed by the Remuneration Committee having regard to the Company’s operating results, individual performance of
the Directors and comparable market statistics. Details of the directors’ remuneration are set out in note 9 to the financial
statements.




                                                              Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025               37
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS
     Except as disclosed in note 30 to the financial statements, no director nor a connected entity of a director had a material
     interest, either directly or indirectly, in any transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to the business of the
     Group to which the Company, the holding company of the Company, or any of the Company’s subsidiaries or fellow
     subsidiaries was a party during the year.


     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
     The Company entered into the following one-off connected transaction and continuing connected transactions during the
     year ended 31 December 2025. Details of the transactions are set out below:


     (a)    Connected Transaction under the Loan Agreement

            On 25 July 2024, the Company entered into a loan agreement (the “Loan Agreement”) with Chinney Investments,
            Limited (“Chinney Investments”) where the Company (as a lender), agreed to provide a loan in the principal amount
            of up to HK$250,000,000 to Chinney Investments (as a borrower), at the interest rate of 6% per annum for 12
            months from the date of drawdown, with an option for extension of further 12 months subject to the approval
            of the Company. A controlling shareholder of the Company has a beneficial interest in Chinney Investments. The
            entering into of the Loan Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereunder constituted a connected
            transaction of each of the Company and CAGL under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The transaction was
            approved by the independent shareholders of each of the Company and CAGL on their respective special general
            meetings on 25 September 2024. On 7 October 2024, the Company advanced HK$250 million to Chinney
            Investments upon receipt its drawdown notice. On 5 September 2025, Chinney Investments served a written request
            to the Company for the extension of the term of the loan for further 12 months. The request for extension was
            approved by the Company.


            For details of the Loan Agreement and the transaction contemplated thereunder, please refer to the joint
            announcement of the Company and CAGL dated 25 July 2024 and the Company’s circular dated 4 September 2024.


            During the year ended 31 December 2025, interest income receivable/received by the Group under the Loan
            Agreement amounted to approximately HK$15.0 million.


     (b)    Continuing Connected Transactions under the Framework Agreement

            Pursuant to a framework agreement dated 25 July 2024 and a supplement agreement dated 29 August 2024
            (collectively, the “Framework Agreement”) entered between the Company and CAGL, member(s) of the Remaining
            Group may engage member(s) of the Group to provide certain services in the ordinary and usual course of businesses
            of the Group (the “Services”) by means of tendering procedures, and member(s) of the Group may provide the
            Services to member(s) of the Remaining Group upon successful tender award, for a term of three years commenced
            from 1 January 2025 and ending on 31 December 2027 (both dates inclusive), subject to the annual caps of HK$135
            million for each of the three years ending 31 December 2025, 2026 and 2027 (the “Annual Caps”) as set out in the
            Framework Agreement. CAGL is beneficially interested in 74.5% of the entire issued share capital of the Company
            and is therefore, a controlling shareholder and a connected person of the Company. The entering into of the
            Framework Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereunder constitute continuing connected transactions
            of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The transaction was approved by the independent
            shareholders of the Company at a general meeting held on 25 September 2024.




38   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                                                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (continued)
(b)    Continuing Connected Transactions under the Framework Agreement (continued)

       For details of the Framework Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereunder, please refer to the
       Company’s announcement dated 25 July 2024 and circular dated 4 September 2024.


       During the year ended 31 December 2025, services fees receivable/received by the Group under the Framework
       Agreement was Nil.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND
DEBENTURES
As at 31 December 2025, the interests and short positions of the Directors in the shares, underlying shares and debentures
of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance
(the “SFO”)), as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or as
otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by
Directors of Listed Issuer (the “Model Code”), were as follows:


Long positions in ordinary shares of the Company:

                                      Number of shares held, capacity and nature of interest

                                                                                                          Percentage of
                                                                                                         the Company’s
                                       Personal            Family        Corporate                          issued share
Name of Director                       interests         interests        interests              Total            capital


Wing-Sang Yu                          5,000,000                   –                –        5,000,000             0.33%

Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, none of the Directors had registered an interest or short position in
the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations that was required to be
recorded pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to
the Model Code.


DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
At no time during the year were rights to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in or debentures of the
Company granted to any of the Directors or their respective spouses or minor children, or were any such rights exercised
by them; or was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors to acquire such
rights in any other body corporate.




                                                             Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025          39
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSONS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN
     SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY
     As at 31 December 2025, the interests and short positions of those persons in the shares and underlying shares of the
     Company as recorded in the register of interests required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO were as
     follows:


     Long positions in ordinary shares of the Company:

                                                                                                                 Percentage of
                                                                                               Number of        the Company’s
                                                                       Capacity and      ordinary shares           issued share
     Name                                             Notes      nature of interest                   held               capital


     Medeline May-Lung Wong Cha                         1            Interest through       1,117,500,000               74.50%
                                                                           controlled
                                                                        corporations


     Chinney Alliance Group Limited                                 Beneficial owner        1,117,500,000               74.50%


     Enhancement Investments Limited                   1, 2          Interest through       1,117,500,000               74.50%
                                                                         a controlled
                                                                         corporation

     Notes:


     1.       Madam Madeline May-Lung Wong Cha (executor of the estate of late Dr. James Sai-Wing Wong (“Dr. Wong”)), and
              Enhancement Investments Limited are deemed to be interested in the same parcel of 1,117,500,000 shares by virtue of
              Section 316 of the SFO; and


     2.       Madam Madeline May-Lung Wong Cha (executor of the estate of late Dr, Wong) has beneficial interest in Enhancement
              Investments Limited.


     Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, no person had registered an interest or short positions in the
     shares or underlying shares of the Company that was required to be recorded pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.


     NON-COMPETITION UNDERTAKING
     To ensure that there is a clear delineation between the business of the Remaining Group and that of the Group, CAGL, late
     Dr. James Sai-Wing Wong and the Company entered into a Deed of Non-competition (the “Deed”) on 20 October 2015.
     Pursuant to the Deed, CAGL and late Dr. James Sai-Wing Wong undertake that the Remaining Group would not, inter
     alia, engage in any foundation business that is or is likely to be in competition with that of the Group. For details about
     the above-mentioned Deed, please refer to section headed “Relationship with Controlling Shareholders” in the Prospectus
     dated 30 October 2015. Such Deed is no longer bound by Dr. James Sai-Wing Wong upon his passing away on 16 February
     2025.


     CAGL had confirmed to the Company of its compliance with the Deed. The independent non-executive Directors have
     reviewed the status of compliance and confirmed that all the undertakings under the Deed have been complied with by
     CAGL and duly enforced for the year ended 31 December 2025.




40   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                                                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE
The Group is committed to build an environmental-friendly corporation with the aim to conserve natural resources. The
Group has taken initiatives to reduce energy consumption and water usage and encourage recycle of office supplies and
other materials. The Group will continue to review and promote its environmental policies.


During the year ended 31 December 2025, there were no material breach of or non-compliance with applicable laws and
regulations by the Group that have significant impact on the business and operations of the Group.


RELATIONSHIP WITH EMPLOYEES, CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
The Group’s relationships with its employees are set out in the Management Discussion and Analysis section above.


The Group recognises the importance of maintaining good relationships with business partners, customers, suppliers
and sub-contractors to achieve its long-term business growth and development. Accordingly, the Group has kept good
communications and shared business updates with them when appropriate.


SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, at least 25% of
the Company’s total number of issued shares were held by the public as at the date of this report.


AUDITOR
Ernst & Young retire and a resolution for their reappointment as auditor of the Company will be proposed at the
forthcoming annual general meeting.




                                                                                             On behalf of the Board
                                                                                                 Wing-Sang Yu
                                                                                               Managing Director


Hong Kong, 26 March 2026




                                                            Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025          41
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




                                 Ernst & Young            安永會計師事務所                Tel 電話：+852 2846 9888
                                 27/F, One Taikoo Place   香港鰂魚涌英皇道979號            Fax 傳真：+852 2868 4432
                                 979 King’s Road          太古坊一座27樓                ey.com
                                 Quarry Bay, Hong Kong


     To the shareholders of Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited
     (Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)


     OPINION
     We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and
     its subsidiaries (the “Group”) set out on pages 48 to 112, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial
     position as at 31 December 2025, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of
     comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash
     flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting
     policy information.


     In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position
     of the Group as at 31 December 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows
     for the year then ended in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of
     Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure
     requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


     BASIS FOR OPINION
     We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) as issued by the HKICPA.
     Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the
     consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the
     HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), as applicable to audits of financial statements
     of public interest entities. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We
     believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


     KEY AUDIT MATTERS
     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of
     the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit
     of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
     separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is
     provided in that context.


     We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated
     financial statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included
     the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the
     consolidated financial statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address
     the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.




42   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                                         INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)
Key audit matter                                            How our audit addressed the key audit matter


Revenue recognition for construction services


For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group              We performed the following procedures in relation to
recognised revenue from construction contracting            revenue recognition for construction services:
businesses amounting to HK$2,272,937,000.
                                                            •      evaluating the significant judgements made by
The Group has recognised revenue from the provision                management, through an examination of project
of construction services over time, using an input                 documentation, key contracts and variation
method to measure progress towards complete                        orders;
satisfaction of the services, because the Group’s
performance creates or enhances an asset that the           •      discussing the status of projects under
customer controls as the asset is created or enhanced.             construction, including estimated costs to
                                                                   completion, assessment of potential liquidated
The input method recognises revenue based on                       damages for major contracts and provision for
the proportion of the actual costs incurred relative               onerous contracts, with management, finance,
to the estimated total costs for satisfaction of                   and technical personnel of the Group;
the construction services. This involves the use of
management judgements and estimation uncertainty,           •      understanding the Group’s processes to record/
including estimating the progress towards completion               estimate contract revenue, actual costs incurred
of the services, scope of deliveries and services                  and the estimated total costs;
required, total contract costs incurred, forecasting
the costs to complete a contract, valuing contract          •      checking, on a sampling basis, the payment
variations, claims and potential liquidated damages and            certificates issued by the architects employed by
estimating the provision for onerous contracts.                    contract customers, payment applications from
                                                                   subcontractors and invoices from suppliers; and
Relevant disclosures are included in notes 3 and 5 to
the financial statements.                                   •      checking the estimated total costs for
                                                                   satisfaction of the construction contracts to
                                                                   the subcontractors and suppliers’ quotation,
                                                                   and comparing actual costs incurred with
                                                                   the estimated total costs for satisfaction of
                                                                   construction services to assess the status of the
                                                                   projects on a sampling basis.




                                                          Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025       43
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


     KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)
     Key audit matter                                          How our audit addressed the key audit matter


     Impairment assessment of trade receivables and contract assets


     As at 31 December 2025, the Group recorded                We performed the following procedures in relation to
     trade receivables of HK$117,575,000, net of               impairment assessment of trade receivables and contract
     impairment of HK$17,239,000 and contract                  assets:
     assets of HK$372,817,000, net of impairment of
     HK$10,876,000.                                            •         understanding the Group’s processes of assessing
                                                                         the expected credit losses for trade receivables
     The measurement on the Group’s trade receivables and                and contract assets; and
     contract assets under the expected credit loss approach
     was estimated by management through the application       •         evaluating the expected credit loss provisioning
     of management judgements and estimations.                           methodology, key data inputs and assumptions,
                                                                         including both historical and forward-looking
     The credit period granted by the Group to the                       information, used to determine the expected
     customers is generally one month. Management                        credit losses by taking into account factors
     performs periodic assessment on the recoverability                  such as ageing of trade receivables, subsequent
     of the trade receivables and contract assets based                  settlements of trade receivables and subsequent
     on information including credit profiles of different               transfers of contract assets to trade receivables,
     customers, ageing of the trade receivables, historical              information in media coverage of customers, data
     settlement records, subsequent settlement or the                    of the gross domestic product and consumer
     billing status, expected timing and the amount of                   price index used in forward-looking information,
     realisation of outstanding balances, on-going trading               and other relevant information on a sampling
     relationships, and information in media coverage with               basis.
     the relevant customers.


     Management also considers forward-looking
     information that may impact the customers’ ability to
     repay the outstanding balances in order to estimate the
     expected credit losses for the impairment assessment.


     Relevant disclosures are included in notes 3, 17 and 18
     to the financial statements.




44   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                                        INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


OTHER INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report
thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
form of assurance conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based
on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give
a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure
requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is
necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing the
Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using
the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the Group or to
cease operations or have no realistic alternative but to do so.


The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing
the Group’s financial reporting process.


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with section 90 of the Bermuda Companies Act
1981, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for
the contents of this report.


Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                           Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025        45
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


     AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (continued)
     As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
     scepticism throughout the audit. We also:


     •      Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
            fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
            sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
            resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery,
            intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


     •      Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
            appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
            Group’s internal control.


     •      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
            related disclosures made by the directors.


     •      Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
            on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that
            may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a
            material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures
            in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our
            conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
            events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.


     •      Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
            the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
            events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.


     •      Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial
            information of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the
            consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit
            work performed for purposes of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.


     We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
     audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during
     our audit.


     We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
     regarding independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
     thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.




46   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                                        INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(continued)
From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our
report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
benefits of such communication.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Fok Lai Ching (practising
certificate number: P06559).




Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants


Hong Kong
26 March 2026




                                                          Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025           47
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
     Year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                             2025            2024
                                                              Notes       HK$’000         HK$’000


     REVENUE                                                   5         2,272,937      2,485,662
     Cost of construction                                               (1,785,208)     (2,119,996)


     Gross profit                                                         487,729         365,666


     Other income and gains                                    6           30,616          27,739
     Administrative expenses                                              (350,378)      (237,296)
     Impairment of trade receivables                                        (4,468)         (3,313)
     Impairment of contract assets                                               –            (115)
     Finance costs                                             8              (155)            (97)


     PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                         7          163,344         152,584


     Income tax expense                                        11          (30,215)        (25,466)


     PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                                  133,129         127,118


     Profit attributable to:
        Equity holders of the Company                                     133,129         127,118


     EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO
        EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE COMPANY                          13


     Basic and diluted                                                HK8.88 cents    HK8.47 cents




48   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                 Year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                                     2025               2024
                                                                 Note             HK$’000           HK$’000


PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                                               133,129            127,118


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME


Other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified to
   profit or loss in subsequent periods:


Surplus on revaluation of leasehold land                          15                5,086              5,833


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR,
   NET OF TAX                                                                       5,086              5,833


TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR                                           138,215            132,951


Attributable to:
   Equity holders of the Company                                                  138,215            132,951




                                                        Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025   49
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
     31 December 2025




                                                                          2025        2024
                                                              Notes    HK$’000     HK$’000


     NON-CURRENT ASSETS
     Property, plant and equipment                             14      302,334     300,052
     Right-of-use assets                                       15      206,406     190,958
     Investment in an associate                                16          121         121
     Deposits                                                  19        8,653      10,930


     Total non-current assets                                          517,514     502,061


     CURRENT ASSETS
     Trade receivables                                         17      117,575     203,081
     Contract assets                                           18      372,817     439,576
     Prepayments, deposits and other receivables               19       35,040      35,568
     Due from a fellow subsidiary                              23          129         129
     Loan to a related company                                 24      250,000     250,000
     Tax recoverable                                                          –     11,604
     Cash and cash equivalents                                 20      742,355     562,530


     Total current assets                                             1,517,916   1,502,488


     CURRENT LIABILITIES
     Trade and retention monies payables                       21      111,019     265,633
     Other payables and accruals                               22      967,409     888,225
     Tax payable                                                        31,798       5,628


     Total current liabilities                                        1,110,226   1,159,486


     NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                407,690     343,002


     TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                             925,204     845,063


     NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
     Deferred tax liabilities                                  25       26,159      41,906
     Lease liabilities                                         15       17,673            –


     Total non-current liabilities                                      43,832      41,906


     Net assets                                                        881,372     803,157




50   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                        31 December 2025




                                                                                 2025              2024
                                                            Note             HK$’000           HK$’000


EQUITY
Equity attributable to equity holders of the Company
Issued capital                                               26               150,000           150,000
Reserves                                                                      731,372           653,157


Total equity                                                                  881,372           803,157




                 On behalf of the Board                             On behalf of the Board
                  Yuen-Keung Chan                                      Wing-Sang Yu
                        Director                                           Director




                                                   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025   51
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
     Year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                                                   Asset
                                         Issued         Share        Capital       Merger    revaluation     Retained         Total
                                         capital     premium*       reserve*      reserve*       reserve*      profits*      equity
                                        HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000

     At 1 January 2024                  150,000        63,628             (1)       20,002        32,585      463,992       730,206

     Profit for the year                       –             –             –             –             –      127,118       127,118

     Other comprehensive income
       for the year:
       Surplus on revaluation of
         leasehold land (note 15)              –             –             –             –         5,833             –         5,833


     Total comprehensive income
       for the year                            –             –             –             –         5,833      127,118       132,951

     Release of revaluation reserve
       on leasehold
       land to retained profits                –             –             –             –        (1,123)        1,123             –

     2023 final dividend and
       special dividend                        –             –             –             –             –       (60,000)      (60,000)


     At 31 December 2024 and
       1 January 2025                   150,000        63,628             (1)       20,002        37,295      532,233       803,157

     Profit for the year                       –             –             –             –             –      133,129       133,129

     Other comprehensive income
       for the year:
     Surplus on revaluation of
       leasehold land (note 15)                –             –             –             –         5,086             –         5,086


     Total comprehensive income
       for the year                            –             –             –             –         5,086      133,129       138,215

     Release of revaluation reserve
       on leasehold
       land to retained profits                –             –             –             –        (1,335)        1,335             –

     2024 final dividend and
       special dividend (note 12)              –             –             –             –             –       (60,000)      (60,000)


     At 31 December 2025                150,000        63,628             (1)       20,002        41,046      606,697       881,372


     The merger reserve of the Group represents the capital contribution from the equity holders of a subsidiary now
     comprising the Group before the completion of the reorganisation.


     *        These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated reserves of HK$731,372,000 (2024: HK$653,157,000) in the consolidated
              statement of financial position.




52   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                    Year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                                            2025            2024
                                                                          Notes         HK$’000          HK$’000


CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit before tax                                                                        163,344         152,584
Adjustments for:
  Bank interest income                                                      6            (12,582)         (22,941)
  Interest income from a loan to related company                            6            (15,000)          (3,534)
  Finance costs                                                             8                155               97
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                             7             62,515          65,994
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                       7             10,464           9,901
  Transfer of items of property, plant and
    equipment to cost of construction                                                     20,647           2,105
  Loss on disposal of items of property, plant
    and equipment, net                                                      7              1,901             537
  Impairment of trade receivables                                           7              4,468           3,313
  Impairment of contract assets                                             7                  –             115


                                                                                         235,912         208,171
Decrease/(increase) in contract assets                                                    66,759          (71,605)
Decrease in trade receivables                                                             81,038          91,181
(Increase)/decrease in prepayments, deposits and other receivables                          (146)          3,969
Decrease in an amount due from a fellow subsidiary                                             –           1,593
(Decrease)/increase in trade and retention monies payables                              (154,614)         23,540
Increase in other payables and accruals                                                   77,174         146,999


Cash generated from operations                                                           306,123         403,848
Hong Kong profits tax paid                                                                (8,188)         (26,904)


Net cash flows from operating activities                                                 297,935         376,944


CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Interest received                                                                         27,582          22,941
Advance of a loan to a related company                                                         –        (250,000)
Purchases of items of property, plant and equipment                                      (87,451)         (90,590)
Proceeds from disposal of items of property,
  plant and equipment                                                                      5,894           8,509
Increase in deposits paid for acquisition of property, plant
  and equipment                                                                           (2,837)         (10,930)


Net cash flows used in investing activities                                              (56,812)       (320,070)




                                                           Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025    53
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
     Year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                          2025      2024
                                                               Notes   HK$’000    HK$’000


     CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
     Dividend paid                                                     (60,000)   (60,000)
     Principal portion of lease payments                       27(b)    (1,298)      (879)


     Net cash flows used in financing activities                       (61,298)   (60,879)


     NET INCREASE/(DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS              179,825     (4,005)


     Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                    562,530    566,535


     CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR                          742,355    562,530


     ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
     Cash and bank balances                                     20     192,679    167,457
     Non-pledged time deposits with original maturity
       of less than three months when acquired                  20     549,676    395,073


     Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the consolidated
       statement of cash flows                                         742,355    562,530




54   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                               31 December 2025




1.   CORPORATE INFORMATION
     Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited (the “Company”) is a limited liability company incorporated in Bermuda on
     29 May 2015. The registered office of the Company is located at Clarendon House, 2 Church Street, Hamilton
     HM 11, Bermuda. The principal place of business of the Company is located at Room 2308, 23/F, Wing On
     Centre, 111 Connaught Road Central, Hong Kong.


     The shares of the Company were listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the
     “Stock Exchange”) on 11 November 2015.


     The Company is an investment holding company. During the year, the Company’s subsidiaries were principally
     involved in foundation construction and drilling and site investigation works for both public and private sectors
     in Hong Kong.


     In the opinion of the directors, as at 31 December 2025, Chinney Alliance Group Limited (“CAGL”), a
     company incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability and listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, is
     the ultimate holding company of the Company.


     Information about subsidiaries

     Particulars of the Company’s subsidiaries are as follows:


                                                  Place of            Issued      Percentage
                                          incorporation/           ordinary/       of equity
                                              registration        registered     attributable to
     Name                                   and business        share capital    the Company             Principal activities
                                                                                 Direct     Indirect


     Kin Wing Chinney (BVI) Limited   British Virgin Islands         US$208        100               –   Investment holding


     Chinney Kin Wing Property                 Hong Kong          HK$10,000          –             100   Investment holding
       Limited


     CKW Machinery Limited                     Hong Kong             HK$100          –             100   Equipment and machinery
                                                                                                           leasing


     DrilTech Geotechnical                     Hong Kong       HK$20,000,000         –             100   Drilling, site investigation
       Engineering Limited                                                                                 and related ground
                                                                                                           engineering construction


     DrilTech Ground Engineering               Hong Kong       HK$20,000,000         –             100   Drilling, site investigation
       Limited                                                                                             and related ground
                                                                                                           engineering construction


     DrilTech Ground Engineering                    Macau      MOP1,000,000          –             100   Drilling, site investigation
       (Macau) Limited                                                                                     and related ground
                                                                                                           engineering construction




                                                                  Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025                55
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2025




     1.    CORPORATE INFORMATION (continued)
           Information about subsidiaries (continued)

                                                    Place of             Issued    Percentage
                                              incorporation/        ordinary/       of equity
                                                 registration      registered     attributable to
           Name                                and business      share capital    the Company             Principal activities
                                                                                  Direct     Indirect


           DrilTech Ground Engineering             Singapore         S$25,000         –             100   Drilling, site investigation
             (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.                                                                          and related ground
                                                                                                            engineering construction


           Everest Engineering Company            Hong Kong        HK$10,000          –             100   Basement construction work
             Limited


           Kin Wing Engineering Company           Hong Kong     HK$20,000,000         –             100   Foundation piling
             Limited


           Kin Wing Foundations Limited           Hong Kong      HK$8,000,000         –             100   Foundation piling


           Kinwing Engineering (Macau)                Macau     MOP1,000,000          –             100   Foundation piling
             Company Limited


           LabTech Testing Limited                Hong Kong        HK$10,000          –             100   Construction material testing


           CKW Innovation & Technologies          Hong Kong               HK$1        –             100   Dormant
             Centre Limited

     2.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     2.1   Basis of preparation

           These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards (which
           include all Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and
           Interpretations) as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”) and
           the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. They have been prepared under the
           historical cost convention, except for leasehold land which has been measured at fair value. These financial
           statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”) and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand
           (HK$’000) except when otherwise indicated.


           Basis of consolidation

           The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries
           (collectively referred to as the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2025. A subsidiary is an entity
           (including a structured entity), directly or indirectly, controlled by the Company. Control is achieved when the
           Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability
           to affect those returns through its power over the investee (i.e., existing rights that give the Group the current
           ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee).




56   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     31 December 2025




2.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
2.1   Basis of preparation (continued)

      Basis of consolidation (continued)

      Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights results in control. When the Company has
      less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Group considers all relevant facts and
      circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee, including:


      (a)    the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;


      (b)    rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and


      (c)    the Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights.


      The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the Company, using
      consistent accounting policies. The results of subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which the Group
      obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases.


      Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the equity holders of
      the Company and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interests having
      a deficit balance. All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to
      transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.


      The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are
      changes to one or more of the three elements of control described above. A change in the ownership interest
      of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction.


      If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognises the related assets (including goodwill), liabilities,
      any non-controlling interest and exchange fluctuation reserve; and recognises the fair value of any investment
      retained and any resulting surplus or deficit in profit or loss. The Group’s share of components previously
      recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss or retained profits, as appropriate, on
      the same basis as would be required if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities.




                                                          Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025            57
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2025




     2.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     2.2   Changes in accounting policies and disclosures

           The Group has adopted the following amended HKFRS Accounting Standards for the first time for the current
           year’s financial statements.


           Amendments to HKAS 21                         Lack of Exchangeability

           The adoption of the revised HKFRS Accounting Standards has had no significant financial impact on these
           financial statements.


     2.3   Issued but not yet effective HKFRS Accounting Standards

           The Group has not applied the following new and amended HKFRS Accounting Standards, that have been
           issued but are not yet effective, in these financial statements. The Group intends to apply these new and
           amended HKFRS Accounting Standards, if applicable, when they become effective.


           HKFRS 18                                          Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements2
           HKFRS 19 and its amendments                       Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures2
           Amendments to HKFRS 9 and                         Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial
               HKFRS 7                                         Instruments1
           Amendments to HKFRS 9 and                         Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity1
               HKFRS 7
           Amendments to HKFRS 10 and                        Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
               HKAS 28                                         Associate or Joint Venture3
           Amendments to HKAS 21                             Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation Currency2
           Annual Improvements to HKFRS                      Amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 9, HKFRS 10 and
               Accounting Standards – Volume 11                HKAS 71

           1
                   Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026
           2
                   Effective for annual/reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027
           3
                   No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption


           The Group is in the process of making an assessment of the impact of these new and revised HKFRS
           Accounting Standards upon initial application but is not yet in a position to state whether these new and
           revised HKFRS Accounting Standards would have a significant impact on the Group’s financial performance
           and financial position.




58   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      31 December 2025




2.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
2.4   Material accounting policies

      Investment in an associate

      An associate is an entity in which the Group has a long term interest of generally not less than 20% of the
      equity voting rights and over which it has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to participate
      in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee, but is not control or joint control over those
      policies.


      The Group’s investment in an associate is stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at the
      Group’s share of net assets under the equity method of accounting, less any impairment losses.


      Fair value measurement

      The Group measures its leasehold land at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Fair value is the
      price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
      market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that
      the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either in the principal market for the asset
      or liability, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability.
      The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Group. The fair value of an asset
      or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or
      liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.


      A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to generate
      economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant
      that would use the asset in its highest and best use.


      The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data
      are available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of
      unobservable inputs.


      All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised
      within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the
      fair value measurement as a whole:


      Level 1       –        based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities


      Level 2       –        based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the
                             fair value measurement is observable, either directly or indirectly


      Level 3       –        based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the
                             fair value measurement is unobservable

      For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group
      determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing categorisation
      (based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of
      each reporting period.




                                                            Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025           59
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2025




     2.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     2.4   Material accounting policies (continued)

           Impairment of non-financial assets

           Where an indication of impairment exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required (other
           than construction contract assets and financial assets), the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. An asset’s
           recoverable amount is the higher of the asset’s or cash-generating unit’s value in use and its fair value less
           costs of disposal, and is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows
           that are largely independent of those from other assets or groups of assets, in which case the recoverable
           amount is determined for the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs. In testing a cash-generating
           unit for impairment, a portion of the carrying amount of a corporate asset (e.g., a headquarters building) is
           allocated to an individual cash-generating unit if it can be allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis or,
           otherwise, to the smallest group of cash-generating units.


           An impairment loss is recognised only if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount. In
           assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax
           discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the
           asset. An impairment loss is charged to statement of profit or loss in the period in which it arises, unless the
           asset is carried at a revalued amount, in which case the impairment loss is accounted for in accordance with
           the relevant accounting policy for that revalued asset.


           An assessment is made at the end of each reporting period as to whether there is an indication that previously
           recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such an indication exists, the
           recoverable amount is estimated. A previously recognised impairment loss of an asset other than goodwill is
           reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount of that
           asset, but not to an amount higher than the carrying amount that would have been determined (net of any
           depreciation/amortisation) had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset in prior years. A reversal of
           such an impairment loss is credited to profit or loss in the period in which it arises, unless the asset is carried at
           a revalued amount, in which case the reversal of the impairment loss is accounted for in accordance with the
           relevant accounting policy for that revalued asset.




60   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                                NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       31 December 2025




2.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
2.4   Material accounting policies (continued)

      Related parties

      A party is considered to be related to the Group if:


      (a)    the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person


             (i)      has control or joint control over the Group;


             (ii)     has significant influence over the Group; or


             (iii)    is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;


      or


      (b)    the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:


             (i)      the entity and the Group are members of the same group;


             (ii)     one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or fellow
                      subsidiary of the other entity);


             (iii)    the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;


             (iv)     one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third
                      entity;


             (v)      the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or
                      an entity related to the Group;


             (vi)     the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);


             (vii)    a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                      management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and


             (viii)   the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel
                      services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.




                                                             Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025           61
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2025




     2.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     2.4   Material accounting policies (continued)

           Property, plant and equipment and depreciation

           Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses.
           The cost of an item of property, plant and equipment comprises its purchase price and any directly attributable
           costs of bringing the asset to its working condition and location for its intended use.


           Expenditure incurred after items of property, plant and equipment have been put into operation, such as
           repairs and maintenance, is normally charged to profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred. In situations
           where the recognition criteria are satisfied, the expenditure for a major inspection is capitalised in the carrying
           amount of the asset as a replacement. Where significant parts of property, plant and equipment are required
           to be replaced at intervals, the Group recognises such parts as individual assets with specific useful lives and
           depreciates them accordingly.


           Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of property, plant and
           equipment to its residual value over its estimated useful life. The principal annual rates used for this purpose
           are as follows:


           Leasehold improvements                                       Over the lease terms or 10% – 331/3%
           Plant and machinery                                          6% – 25%
           Motor vehicles                                               25%
           Furniture, fixtures and equipment                            20%

           Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of that item
           is allocated on a reasonable basis among the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Residual values,
           useful lives and the depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at least at each financial
           year end.


           An item of property, plant and equipment including any significant part initially recognised is derecognised
           upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss
           on disposal or retirement recognised in profit or loss in the year the asset is derecognised is the difference
           between the net sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant asset.


           Leases

           The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains,
           a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in
           exchange for consideration.




62   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    31 December 2025




2.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
2.4   Material accounting policies (continued)

      Leases (continued)

      Group as a lessee

      The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases.
      The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use assets representing the right to
      use the underlying assets.


      (a)   Right-of-use assets

            Right-of-use assets are recognised at the commencement date of the lease (that is the date the
            underlying asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost or valuation, less any
            accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease
            liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial
            direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease
            incentives received. Where applicable, the cost of a right-of-use asset also includes an estimate of costs
            to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it
            is located. Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease terms
            and the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:


            Leased land                                Over the lease term
            Leasehold land                             Over the lease term

            If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group by the end of the lease term or the cost reflects
            the exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life of the asset.


            Valuations are performed frequently enough to ensure that the fair value of a revalued asset does not
            differ materially from its carrying amount. Changes in the values of leasehold land including in right-
            of-use assets are dealt with as movements in the asset revaluation reserve. If the total of this reserve is
            insufficient to cover a deficit, on an individual asset basis, the excess of the deficit is charged to profit
            or loss. Any subsequent revaluation surplus is credited to profit or loss to the extent of the deficit
            previously charged. An annual transfer from the asset revaluation reserve to retained profits is made
            for the difference between the depreciation based on the revalued carrying amount of an asset and the
            depreciation based on the asset’s original cost. On disposal of a revalued asset, the relevant portion of
            the asset revaluation reserve realised in respect of previous valuations is transferred to retained profits
            as a movement in reserves.




                                                          Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025            63
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2025




     2.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     2.4   Material accounting policies (continued)

           Leases (continued)

           Group as a lessee (continued)

           (b)   Lease liabilities

                 Lease liabilities are recognised at the commencement date of the lease at the present value of lease
                 payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-
                 substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend
                 on an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease
                 payments also include the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by
                 the Group and payments of penalties for termination of a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group
                 exercising the option to terminate the lease. The variable lease payments that do not depend on an
                 index or a rate are recognised as an expense in the period in which the event or condition that triggers
                 the payment occurs.


                 In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate at
                 the lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.
                 After the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of
                 interest and reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities
                 is remeasured if there is a modification, a change in the lease term, a change in lease payments (e.g., a
                 change to future lease payments resulting from a change in an index or rate) or a change in assessment
                 of an option to purchase the underlying asset.


                 The Group’s lease liabilities are separately presented in the consolidated statement of financial position.


           (c)   Short-term leases

                 The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of machinery and
                 equipment (that is those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement
                 date and do not contain a purchase option).


                 Lease payments on short-term leases are recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease
                 term.




64   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      31 December 2025




2.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
2.4   Material accounting policies (continued)

      Investments and other financial assets

      Initial recognition and measurement

      Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value
      through other comprehensive income, and fair value through profit or loss, as appropriate.


      The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual cash flow
      characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing them. With the exception of trade receivables
      that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical
      expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group initially measures a
      financial asset at its fair value, plus in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss,
      transaction costs. Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the
      Group has applied the practical expedient are measured at the transaction price determined under HKFRS 15 in
      accordance with the policies set out for “Revenue recognition” below.


      In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through other
      comprehensive income, it needs to give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest
      (“SPPI”) on the principal amount outstanding. Financial assets with cash flows that are not SPPI are classified
      and measured at fair value through profit or loss, irrespective of the business model.


      The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in
      order to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting
      contractual cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both. Financial assets classified and measured at
      amortised cost are held within a business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to
      collect contractual cash flows, while financial assets classified and measured at fair value through other
      comprehensive income are held within a business model with the objective of both holding to collect
      contractual cash flows and selling. Financial assets which are not held within the aforementioned business
      models are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss.


      Purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally established by
      regulation or convention in the marketplace are recognised on the trade date, that is, the date that the Group
      commits to purchase or sell the asset.


      Subsequent measurement of financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)

      Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest method and are
      subject to impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised,
      modified or impaired.




                                                           Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025            65
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2025




     2.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     2.4   Material accounting policies (continued)

           Derecognition of financial assets

           A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets)
           is primarily derecognised (i.e., removed from the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position) when:


           •      the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or


           •      the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation
                  to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a “pass-through”
                  arrangement; and either (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the
                  asset, or (b) the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the
                  asset, but has transferred control of the asset.


           When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass-
           through arrangement, it evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risk and rewards of ownership of
           the asset. When it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset nor
           transferred control of the asset, the Group continues to recognise the transferred asset to the extent of the
           Group’s continuing involvement. In that case, the Group also recognises an associated liability. The transferred
           asset and the associated liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the Group
           has retained.


           Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the lower
           of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group could
           be required to repay.




66   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       31 December 2025




2.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
2.4   Material accounting policies (continued)

      Impairment of financial assets

      The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for all debt instruments not held at
      fair value through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due
      in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an
      approximation of the original effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the
      sale of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.


      General approach

      ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in
      credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events that are
      possible within the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for which there has been a
      significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected
      over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).


      At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased
      significantly since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group compares the risk of a default
      occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the
      financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition and considers reasonable and supportable information
      that is available without undue cost or effort, including historical and forward-looking information. The Group
      considers that there have been a significant increase in credit risk when contractual payments are more than
      30 days past due.


      The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 90 days past due. However,
      in certain case, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or external
      information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full before
      taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group. A financial asset is written off when there is
      no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.


      Financial assets at amortised cost are subject to impairment under the general approach and they are classified
      within the following stages for measurement of ECLs except for trade receivables and contract assets which
      apply the simplified approach as detailed below.


      Stage 1       –       Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial
                            recognition and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to
                            12-month ECLs


      Stage 2       –       Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since initial
                            recognition but that are not credit-impaired financial assets and for which the loss
                            allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs


      Stage 3       –       Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that are not purchased
                            or originated credit-impaired) and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount
                            equal to lifetime ECLs




                                                            Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025             67
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2025




     2.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     2.4   Material accounting policies (continued)

           Impairment of financial assets (continued)

           Simplified approach

           For trade receivables and contract assets that do not contain a significant financing component or when the
           Group applies the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the
           Group applies the simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Under the simplified approach, the Group does not
           track changes in credit risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting
           date. The Group has established a provision matrix that is based on its historical credit loss experience,
           adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment.


           Financial liabilities

           Initial recognition and measurement

           Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at amortised cost, as appropriate.


           All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and
           payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs.


           The Group’s financial liabilities include trade payables, retention monies payable and financial liabilities
           included in other payables and accruals.


           Subsequent measurement

           The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification as follows:


           Financial liabilities at amortised cost (trade and other payables)

           After initial recognition, trade and other payables are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the
           effective interest rate method unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which case they are
           stated at cost. Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as well as
           through the effective interest rate amortisation process.


           Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs
           that are an integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortisation is included in
           finance costs in profit or loss.


           Financial guarantee contracts

           Financial guarantee contracts issued by the Group are those contracts that require a payment to be made
           to reimburse the holder for a loss it incurs because the specified debtor fails to make a payment when due
           in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument. A financial guarantee contract is recognised initially
           as a liability at its fair value, adjusted for transaction costs that are directly attributable to the issuance of
           the guarantee. Subsequent to initial recognition, the Group measures the financial guarantee contracts at
           the higher of: (i) the ECL allowance determined in accordance with the policy as set out in “Impairment of
           financial assets”; and (ii) the amount initially recognised less, when appropriate, the cumulative amount of
           income recognised.




68   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       31 December 2025




2.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
2.4   Material accounting policies (continued)

      Derecognition of financial liabilities

      A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled, or
      expires.


      When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different
      terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is
      treated as a derecognition of the original liability and a recognition of a new liability, and the difference
      between the respective carrying amounts is recognised in profit or loss.


      Offsetting of financial instruments

      Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statement of financial
      position if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an
      intention to settle on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.


      Cash and cash equivalents

      Cash and cash equivalents in the statement of financial position comprise cash on hand and at bank, and
      short term highly liquid deposits with a maturity of generally within three months that are readily convertible
      into known amounts of cash, subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value and held for the purpose of
      meeting short-term cash commitments.


      For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on
      hand and at banks, and short-term deposits as defined above, less any bank overdrafts which are repayable on
      demand and form an integral part of the Group’s cash management.


      Income tax

      Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax relating to items recognised outside profit or loss is
      recognised outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.


      Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the
      taxation authorities, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the
      end of the reporting period, taking into consideration interpretations and practices prevailing in the countries
      in which the Group operates.


      Deferred tax is provided, using the liability method, on all temporary differences at the end of the reporting
      period between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting
      purposes.




                                                            Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025         69
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2025




     2.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     2.4   Material accounting policies (continued)

           Income tax (continued)

           Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:


           •      when the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in
                  a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither
                  the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible
                  temporary differences; and


           •      in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and an associate,
                  when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable that
                  the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.


           Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused
           tax credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that
           taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of
           unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised, except:


           •      when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary differences arises from the initial
                  recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of
                  the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to
                  equal taxable and deductible temporary differences; and


           •      in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, deferred tax
                  assets are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that the temporary differences will reverse in
                  the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can
                  be utilised.


           The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to
           the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the
           deferred tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at the end of each reporting
           period and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that sufficient taxable profit will be
           available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be recovered.


           Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when
           the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or
           substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.


           Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if and only if the Group has a legally enforceable right
           to set off current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities
           relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or different
           taxable entities which intend either to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis, or to realise the
           assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred
           tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered.




70   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    31 December 2025




2.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
2.4   Material accounting policies (continued)

      Government grants

      Government grants are recognised at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will
      be received and all attaching conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to an expense item,
      it is recognised as income on a systematic basis over the periods that the costs, for which it is intended to
      compensate, are expensed.


      Revenue recognition

      Revenue from contracts with customers

      Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of goods or services is transferred to the
      customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange
      for those goods or services.


      When the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the amount of consideration is estimated
      to which the Group will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods or services to the customer.
      The variable consideration is estimated at contract inception and constrained until it is highly probable that
      a significant revenue reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur when the
      associated uncertainty with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.


      When the contract contains a financing component which provides the customer with a significant benefit of
      financing the transfer of goods or services to the customer for more than one year, revenue is measured at
      the present value of the amount receivable, discounted using the discount rate that would be reflected in a
      separate financing transaction between the Group and the customer at contract inception. When the contract
      contains a financing component which provides the Group with a significant financial benefit for more than
      one year, revenue recognised under the contract includes the interest expense accreted on the contract liability
      under the effective interest method. For a contract where the period between the payment by the customer
      and the transfer of the promised goods or services is one year or less, the transaction price is not adjusted for
      the effects of a significant financing component, using the practical expedient in HKFRS 15.


      Construction services

      Revenue from the provision of construction services is recognised over time, using an input method to measure
      progress towards complete satisfaction of the service, because the Group’s performance creates or enhances
      an asset that the customer controls as the asset is created or enhanced. The input method recognises revenue
      based on the proportion of the actual costs incurred relative to the estimated total costs for satisfaction of the
      construction services.


      Claims to customers are amounts that the Group seeks to collect from the customers as reimbursement of
      costs and margins for scope of works not included in the original construction contract. Claims are accounted
      for as variable consideration and constrained until it is highly probable that a significant revenue reversal in
      the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur when the associated uncertainty with the variable
      consideration is subsequently resolved. The Group uses the more likely amount method to estimate the
      amounts of claims because this method best predicts the amount of variable consideration to which the Group
      will be entitled.




                                                          Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025           71
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2025




     2.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     2.4   Material accounting policies (continued)

           Revenue recognition (continued)

           Other income

           Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying the rate that
           exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the financial instrument or a
           shorter period, when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.


           Contract assets

           If the Group performs by transferring goods or services to a customer before being unconditionally entitled
           to the consideration under the contract terms, a contract asset is recognised for the earned consideration
           that is conditional. Contract assets are subject to impairment assessment, details of which are included in the
           accounting policies for impairment of financial assets. They are reclassified to trade receivables when the right
           to the consideration becomes unconditional.


           Contract liabilities

           A contract liability is recognised when a payment is received or a payment is due (whichever is earlier) from
           a customer before the Group transfers the related goods or services. Contract liabilities are recognised as
           revenue when the Group performs under the contract (i.e., transfers control of the related goods or services to
           the customer).


           Contract costs

           Other than the costs which are capitalised as inventories, property, plant and equipment and intangible assets,
           costs incurred to fulfil a contract with a customer are capitalised as an asset if all of the following criteria are
           met:


           (a)    The costs relate directly to a contract or to an anticipated contract that the entity can specifically
                  identify.


           (b)    The costs generate or enhance resources of the entity that will be used in satisfying (or in continuing to
                  satisfy) performance obligations in the future.


           (c)    The costs are expected to be recovered.


           The capitalised contract costs are amortised and charged to profit or loss on a systematic basis that is
           consistent with the transfer to the customer of the goods or services to which the asset relates. Other contract
           costs are expensed as incurred.




72   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   31 December 2025




2.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
2.4   Material accounting policies (continued)

      Employee benefits

      Pension schemes

      The Group operates a defined contribution Mandatory Provident Fund retirement benefit scheme (the “MPF
      Scheme”) under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for those employees who are eligible to
      participate in the MPF Scheme. Contributions are made based on a percentage of the employees’ basic salaries
      and are charged to profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the MPF Scheme. The
      assets of the MPF Scheme are held separately from those of the Group in an independently administered fund.
      The Group’s employer contributions vest fully with the employees when contributed into the MPF Scheme.


      The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries which operate in Macau are required to participate in a central
      pension scheme operated by the Macau Government. The subsidiaries are required to contribute a fixed
      amount of their payroll costs to the central pension scheme. The contributions are charged to profit or loss as
      they become payable in accordance with the rules of the central pension scheme.


      Dividends

      Final dividends and special dividends are recognised as a liability when they are approved by the shareholders
      in a general meeting. Proposed final dividends and special dividends are disclosed in the notes to the financial
      statements.


      Interim dividends are simultaneously proposed and declared, because the Company’s memorandum and
      articles of association grant the directors the authority to declare interim dividends. Consequently, interim
      dividends are recognised immediately as a liability when they are proposed and declared.


      Borrowing costs

      All borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred. Borrowing costs consist of interest
      and other costs that an entity incurs in connection with the borrowing of funds.


      Foreign currencies

      These financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars, which is the Company’s functional currency.
      Each entity in the Group determines its own functional currency and items included in the financial statements
      of each entity are measured using that functional currency. Foreign currency transactions recorded by the
      entities in the Group are initially recorded using their respective functional currency rates prevailing at the
      dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at
      the functional currency rates of exchange ruling at the end of the reporting period. Differences arising on
      settlement or translation of monetary items are recognised in profit or loss.


      Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using
      the exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a
      foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value was measured. The
      gain or loss arising on translation of a non-monetary item measured at fair value is treated in line with the
      recognition of the gain or loss on change in fair value of the item. (i.e., translation difference on item whose
      fair value gain or loss is recognised in other comprehensive income or profit or loss is also recognised in other
      comprehensive income or profit or loss, respectively).




                                                         Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025           73
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2025




     2.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     2.4   Material accounting policies (continued)

           Foreign currencies (continued)

           In determining the exchange rate on initial recognition of the related asset, expense or income on the
           derecognition of a non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability relating to an advance consideration, the
           date of initial transaction is the date on which the Group initially recognises the non-monetary asset or non-
           monetary liability arising from the advance consideration. If there are multiple payments or receipts in advance,
           the Group determines the transaction date for each payment or receipt of the advance consideration.


           The functional currencies of certain overseas subsidiaries are currencies other than the Hong Kong dollars. As
           at the end of the reporting period, the assets and liabilities of these entities are translated into Hong Kong
           dollars at the exchange rates prevailing at the end of the reporting period and their profits or losses are
           translated into Hong Kong dollars at the exchange rates that approximate to those prevailing at the dates of
           the transactions.


           The resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the
           exchange fluctuation reserve, except to the extent that the differences are attributable to non-controlling
           interests. On disposal of a foreign operation, the cumulative amount in the reserve relating to that particular
           foreign operation is recognised in profit or loss.


           For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, the cash flows of overseas subsidiaries are
           translated into Hong Kong dollars at the exchange rates ruling at the dates of the cash flows. Frequently
           recurring cash flows of overseas subsidiaries which arise throughout the year are translated into Hong Kong
           dollars at the weighted average exchange rates for the year.


     3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
           The preparation of the Group’s financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates
           and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and their
           accompanying disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty about these assumptions
           and estimates could result in outcomes that could require a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the
           assets or liabilities affected in the future.


           Judgements

           In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the following judgements,
           apart from those involving estimations, which have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in
           the financial statements:




74   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   31 December 2025




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (continued)
     Judgements (continued)

     Revenue recognition for construction services

     For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group recognised revenue from construction contracting
     businesses amounting to HK$2,272,937,000 (2024: HK$2,485,662,000). The Group has recognised revenue
     from the provision of construction services over time, using an input method to measure progress towards
     complete satisfaction of the service, because the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the
     customer controls as the asset is created or enhanced. The input method recognises revenue based on the
     proportion of the actual costs incurred relative to the estimated total costs for satisfaction of the construction
     services. This involves the use of management judgements and estimation uncertainty, including estimating
     the progress towards completion of the services, scope of deliveries and services required, total contract costs
     incurred, forecasts in relation to costs to complete a contract, valuing contract variations, claims and potential
     liquidated damages and estimating the provision for onerous contracts.


     Estimation uncertainty

     The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the
     reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets
     and liabilities within the next financial year, are described below.


     Impairment of property, plant and equipment

     The Group assesses at the end of the reporting period whether there is an indication that property, plant
     and equipment and right-of-use assets may be impaired. If any indication exists, the Group estimates the
     recoverable amount of the property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets. The Group measures the
     recoverable amount of the property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets with reference to their value-
     in-use. The value-in-use calculation requires the Group to estimate the future cash flows expected to arise
     from property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets and a suitable discount rate in order to calculate
     the present value. The net carrying amounts of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets at 31
     December 2025 were approximately HK$302,334,000 (2024: HK$300,052,000) and HK$206,406,000 (2024:
     HK$190,958,000), respectively.


     Provision for expected credit losses on trade receivables and contract assets

     Management performs periodic assessment on the recoverability of trade receivables and contract assets based
     on information including credit profile of different customers, ageing of trade receivables, historical settlement
     records, subsequent settlement or billing status, expected timing and amount of realisation of outstanding
     balances, on-going trading relationships, and information in media coverage with the relevant customers.


     Other than specific impairment allowance, the Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade
     receivables and contract assets. The provision rates are based on days past due for groupings of various
     customer segments that have similar loss patterns.




                                                          Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025          75
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2025




     3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (continued)
           Estimation uncertainty (continued)

           Provision for expected credit losses on trade receivables and contract assets (continued)

           The provision matrix is initially based on the Group’s historical observed default rates. The Group will calibrate
           the matrix to adjust the historical credit loss experience with forward-looking information. For instance, if
           forecast economic conditions are expected to deteriorate over the next year which can lead to an increased
           number of defaults in the construction sector, the historical default rates are adjusted. At each reporting date,
           the historical observed default rates are updated and changes in the forward-looking estimates are analysed.


           The assessment of the correlation among historical observed default rates, forecast economic conditions
           and ECLs is a significant estimate. The amount of ECLs is sensitive to changes in circumstances and forecast
           economic conditions. The Group’s historical credit loss experience and forecast of economic conditions may
           also not be representative of a customer’s actual default in the future. The information about the ECLs on
           the Group’s trade receivables and contract assets is disclosed in notes 17 and 18 to the financial statements,
           respectively.


     4.    OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION
           For management purposes, the Group is organised into business units based on their services and has two
           reportable operating segments as follows:


           –      Foundation construction and ancillary services (the “Foundation Division”); and


           –      Drilling and site investigation (the “Drilling Division”).


           Management monitors the results of the Group’s operating segments separately for the purpose of making
           decisions about resources allocation and performance assessment. Segment performance is evaluated based on
           reportable segment profit, which is a measure of adjusted profit before tax. The adjusted profit before tax is
           measured consistently with the Group’s profit before tax except that interest income and finance costs as well
           as unallocated corporate gains and expenses are excluded from such measurement.


           Segment assets exclude other unallocated head office and corporate assets as these assets are managed on a
           group basis.


           Segment liabilities exclude other unallocated head office and corporate liabilities as these liabilities are
           managed on a group basis.


           Intersegment sales and transfers are transacted with reference to the selling prices used for sales made to third
           parties at the then prevailing market prices.




76   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                            NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                31 December 2025




4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
     Year ended 31 December 2025

                                                                  Foundation
                                                                 construction            Drilling
                                                                 and ancillary          and site
                                                                      services     investigation          Total
                                                                     HK$’000            HK$’000         HK$’000

     Segment revenue:
     Sales to external customers                                     1,921,117            351,820      2,272,937
     Intersegment sales                                                      –             23,238         23,238
     Other revenue                                                      13,670              1,888         15,558

                                                                     1,934,787            376,946      2,311,733

     Reconciliation:
     Elimination of intersegment sales                                                                   (23,238)
     Other revenue                                                                                       (15,558)

     Revenue                                                                                           2,272,937

     Segment results                                                   122,789             35,730        158,519

     Reconciliation:
     Corporate and other unallocated expenses                                                            (22,602)
     Interest income                                                                                      27,582
     Finance costs                                                                                          (155)

     Profit before tax                                                                                   163,344

     Segment assets                                                  1,431,700            333,772      1,765,472

     Reconciliation:
     Corporate and other unallocated assets                                                              269,958

     Total assets                                                                                      2,035,430

     Segment liabilities                                               578,565            563,960      1,142,525

     Reconciliation:
     Corporate and other unallocated liabilities                                                          11,533

     Total liabilities                                                                                 1,154,058

     Other segment information:
     Investment in an associate                                            121                  –            121
     Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                      51,263             11,252         62,515
     Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                10,464                  –         10,464
     Impairment of trade receivables                                     4,468                  –          4,468
     Capital expenditure*                                               87,796              5,443         93,239


     *       Capital expenditure represents additions to property, plant and equipment.




                                                        Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025      77
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2025




     4.    OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
           Year ended 31 December 2024

                                                                          Foundation
                                                                         construction           Drilling
                                                                         and ancillary         and site
                                                                             services     investigation        Total
                                                                            HK$’000           HK$’000       HK$’000

           Segment revenue:
           Sales to external customers                                     1,993,993            491,669    2,485,662
           Intersegment sales                                                      –             50,589       50,589
           Other revenue                                                      19,997              4,207       24,204

                                                                           2,013,990            546,465    2,560,455

           Reconciliation:
           Elimination of intersegment sales                                                                 (50,589)
           Other revenue                                                                                     (24,204)

           Revenue                                                                                         2,485,662

           Segment results                                                   113,064             35,810     148,874

           Reconciliation:
           Corporate and other unallocated expenses                                                          (22,668)
           Interest income                                                                                    26,475
           Finance costs                                                                                         (97)

           Profit before tax                                                                                152,584

           Segment assets                                                  1,389,770            358,994    1,748,764

           Reconciliation:
           Corporate and other unallocated assets                                                           255,785

           Total assets                                                                                    2,004,549

           Segment liabilities                                               878,546            312,495    1,191,041

           Reconciliation:
           Corporate and other unallocated liabilities                                                       10,351

           Total liabilities                                                                               1,201,392

           Other segment information:
           Investment in an associate                                            121                  –         121
           Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                      52,822             13,172      65,994
           Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                 9,901                  –       9,901
           Impairment/(reversal of impairment) of contract assets              1,988             (1,873)        115
           Impairment of trade receivables                                     3,313                  –       3,313
           Capital expenditure*                                               65,108             25,482      90,590


           *       Capital expenditure represents additions to property, plant and equipment.




78   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 31 December 2025




4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
     Geographical information

     (a)   Revenue from external customers

                                                                                              2025          2024
                                                                                        HK$’000          HK$’000


           Hong Kong                                                                   2,272,937        2,485,662


           The revenue information above is based on the locations of the customers.


     (b)   Non-current assets

                                                                                              2025          2024
                                                                                        HK$’000          HK$’000


           Hong Kong                                                                    517,514           502,061


           The non-current asset information above is based on the locations of the assets.


     Information about major customers

     Revenue from each of the major customers, which amounted to 10% or more of the Group’s revenue, is set
     out below:


                                                                                              2025          2024
                                                                                        HK$’000          HK$’000


     Customer A                                                                         663,242           323,594
     Customer B                                                                         560,212           548,033




                                                      Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025        79
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2025




     5.    REVENUE
           An analysis of the Group’s revenue is as follows:


                                                                                       2025        2024
                                                                                   HK$’000      HK$’000


           Revenue from contract with customers
           Construction services                                                  2,272,937    2,485,662


           Revenue from contracts with customers

           (i)   Disaggregated revenue information

                 For the year ended 31 December 2025


                 Segments

                                                                Foundation
                                                               construction         Drilling
                                                               and ancillary        and site
                                                                    services   investigation       Total
                                                                   HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000


                 Type of services
                 Construction services                            1,921,117         351,820    2,272,937


                 Geographical markets
                 Hong Kong                                        1,921,117         351,820    2,272,937


                 Total revenue from contracts with customers      1,921,117         351,820    2,272,937


                 Timing of revenue recognition
                 Services transferred over time                   1,921,117         351,820    2,272,937


                 Revenue from contracts with customers
                 External customers                               1,921,117         351,820    2,272,937
                 Intersegment sales                                       –          23,238      23,238
                 Other revenue                                       13,670           1,888      15,558


                                                                  1,934,787         376,946    2,311,733
                 Elimination of intersegment sales                        –         (23,238)     (23,238)
                 Other revenue                                      (13,670)         (1,888)     (15,558)


                 Total revenue from contracts with customers      1,921,117         351,820    2,272,937




80   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                            NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                          31 December 2025




5.   REVENUE (continued)
     Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)

     (i)   Disaggregated revenue information (continued)

           For the year ended 31 December 2024


           Segments

                                                                Foundation
                                                               construction         Drilling
                                                               and ancillary       and site
                                                                    services   investigation          Total
                                                                  HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000


           Type of services
           Construction services                                 1,993,993         491,669       2,485,662


           Geographical markets
           Hong Kong                                             1,993,993         491,669       2,485,662


           Total revenue from contracts with customers           1,993,993         491,669       2,485,662


           Timing of revenue recognition
           Services transferred over time                        1,993,993         491,669       2,485,662


           Revenue from contracts with customers
           External customers                                    1,993,993         491,669       2,485,662
           Intersegment sales                                             –         50,589          50,589
           Other revenue                                            19,997            4,207         24,204


                                                                 2,013,990         546,465       2,560,455
           Elimination of intersegment sales                              –        (50,589)         (50,589)
           Other revenue                                           (19,997)          (4,207)        (24,204)


           Total revenue from contracts with customers           1,993,993         491,669       2,485,662




                                                     Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025    81
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2025




     5.    REVENUE (continued)
           Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)

           (i)    Disaggregated revenue information (continued)

                  The following table shows the amounts of revenue recognised in the current reporting period that
                  were included in the contract liabilities at the beginning of the reporting period and recognised from
                  performance obligations satisfied in previous periods:


                                                                                                     2025               2024
                                                                                                 HK$’000            HK$’000


                  Revenue recognised that was included in contract
                    liabilities at the beginning of the reporting period:
                    Construction services                                                         348,586           343,143


                  Revenue recognised from performance obligations
                    satisfied in previous periods:
                    Construction services not previously recognised                                   601              2,474


           (ii)   Performance obligations

                  The performance obligation is satisfied over time as services are rendered and payment is generally due
                  within 30 days from the date of billing. A certain percentage of payment is retained by customers until
                  the end of the retention period as the Group’s entitlement to the final payment is conditional on the
                  satisfaction of the service quality by the customers over a certain period as stipulated in the contracts.


                  The amounts of transaction prices allocated to the remaining performance obligations (unsatisfied or
                  partially unsatisfied) as at 31 December are as follows:


                                                                                                     2025               2024
                                                                                                 HK$’000            HK$’000


                  Amounts expected to be recognised as revenue:
                    Within one year                                                             1,875,576         1,834,685
                    After one year                                                                422,891           402,270


                                                                                                2,298,467         2,236,955


                  The amounts of transaction prices allocated to the remaining performance obligations which are
                  expected to be recognised as revenue after one year relate to construction services, of which the
                  performance obligations are to be satisfied within two years. All the other amounts of transaction prices
                  allocated to the remaining performance obligations are expected to be recognised as revenue within
                  one year. The amounts disclosed above do not include variable consideration which is constrained.




82   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                                NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          31 December 2025




6.   OTHER INCOME AND GAINS
                                                                                                      2025                2024
                                                                                                  HK$’000             HK$’000


     Bank interest income                                                                           12,582              22,941
     Interest income from a loan to a related company                                               15,000               3,534
     Foreign exchange differences, net                                                                  449                   –
     Others                                                                                          2,585               1,264


                                                                                                    30,616              27,739


7.   PROFIT BEFORE TAX
     The Group’s profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):


                                                                                                      2025                2024
                                                                                                  HK$’000             HK$’000


     Cost of construction                                                                       1,785,208           2,119,996
     Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (note 14)                                        62,515              65,994
     Depreciation of right-of-use assets (note 15)                                                  10,464               9,901


     Staff costs (including directors’ remuneration (note 9)):
       Salaries, wages and allowances                                                              621,163            434,684
       Pension scheme contributions**                                                               20,337              17,794


                                                                                                   641,500            452,478


     Auditor’s remuneration                                                                          1,631               1,466
     Lease payments not included in the measurement of lease liabilities                             2,256               2,258
     Loss on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment, net                                 1,901                 537
     (Gain)/loss on foreign exchange differences, net                                                  (449)               556
     Impairment of trade receivables (note 17)                                                       4,468               3,313
     Impairment of contract assets (note 18)                                                               –               115


     **       There are no forfeited contributions that may be used by the Group as the employer to reduce the existing level of
              contributions.




                                                              Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025               83
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2025




     8.    FINANCE COSTS
           An analysis of finance costs is as follows:


                                                                                                  2025             2024
                                                                               Note           HK$’000           HK$’000


           Interest on lease liabilities                                      15(b)                155                97


     9.    DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION
           Directors’ remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on
           The Stock Exchange of the Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”), section 383 (1)(a), (b), (c) and (f) of the
           Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of
           Directors) Regulation, is as follows:


                                                                                                  2025             2024
                                                                                              HK$’000           HK$’000


           Fees                                                                                  2,751             2,250


           Other emoluments:
             Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                          20,038           19,189
             Bonuses                                                                          139,200            37,850
             Pension scheme contributions                                                          587             1,110


                                                                                              162,576            60,399


           (a)    Independent non-executive directors

                  The fees paid to independent non-executive directors during the year were as follows:


                                                                                                  2025             2024
                                                                                              HK$’000           HK$’000


                  Siu-Chee Kong                                                                    380               350
                  Ivan Ti-Fan Pong                                                                 380               350
                  Robert Che-Kwong Tsui                                                            380               350
                  Kit-Sum Ling                                                                     411                 –


                                                                                                 1,551             1,050


                  There were no other emoluments payable to the independent non-executive directors during the year
                  (2024: Nil).




84   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                           NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     31 December 2025




9.   DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION (continued)
     (b)   Executive directors


                                                                Salaries,
                                                             allowances                          Pension
                                                            and benefits     Discretionary        scheme            Total
                                                  Fees           in kind         bonuses contributions remuneration
                                              HK$’000           HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000


           2025
           Yuen-Keung Chan                         200             5,380           66,000               –         71,580
           James Sing-Wai Wong                     200                  –           2,000               –          2,200
           Wing-Sang Yu                            200             7,800           66,000             311         74,311
           Philip Bing-Lun Lam                     200                  –           3,000               –          3,200
           Hon-Man Wai                             200             3,585            1,200             144          5,129
           Hoi-Fan Lam                             200             3,273            1,000             132          4,605


                                                 1,200            20,038          139,200             587        161,025


                                                                 Salaries,
                                                              allowances      Performance         Pension
                                                             and benefits          related        scheme            Total
                                                  Fees            in kind         bonuses    contributions   remuneration
                                              HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000


           2024
           Yuen-Keung Chan                         200             5,380           16,000               –         21,580
           James Sing-Wai Wong                     200                  –           2,000               –          2,200
           Wing-Sang Yu                            200             7,440           16,000             594         24,234
           Philip Bing-Lun Lam                     200                  –           2,000               –          2,200
           Hon-Man Wai                             200             3,270            1,000             263          4,733
           Hoi-Fan Lam                             200             3,099              850             253          4,402


                                                 1,200            19,189           37,850           1,110         59,349


           Certain executive directors of the Company are entitled to bonus payments which are determined with
           reference to profit for the year of the Group.


           There was no arrangement under which a director waived or agreed to waive any remuneration during
           the year (2024: Nil).


           During the year, no remuneration was paid by the Group to the directors as an inducement to join or
           upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office (2024: Nil).




                                                         Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025             85
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2025




     10.   FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
           The five highest paid employees during the year included five (2024: four) directors, details of whose
           remuneration are set out in note 9 above. Details of the remuneration of non-director highest paid employee
           in 2025 are as follows:


                                                                                                  2025           2024
                                                                                              HK$’000        HK$’000


           Basic salaries, housing allowances and other benefits in kind                              –         2,412
           Bonuses paid and payable                                                                   –           450
           Pension scheme contributions                                                               –           201


                                                                                                      –         3,063


           The number of non-director highest paid employees in 2025 whose remuneration fell within the following
           band is as follows:


                                                                                            Number of employees
                                                                                                  2025           2024


           HK$2,500,001 to HK$3,500,000                                                               –             1


           During the year, no remuneration was paid by the Group to any of the five highest paid employees as an
           inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office (2024: Nil).




86   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                              NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   31 December 2025




11.   INCOME TAX
      Hong Kong profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% (2024: 16.5%) on the estimated assessable
      profits arising in Hong Kong during the year. Taxes on profits assessable elsewhere have been calculated at the
      rates of tax prevailing in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates.


                                                                                                2025            2024
                                                                                             HK$’000         HK$’000


      Current – Hong Kong
        Charge for the year                                                                   46,335          16,966
        Over provision in prior years                                                           (373)               –
      Deferred (note 25)                                                                     (15,747)           8,500


      Total tax charge for the year                                                           30,215          25,466


      A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to profit before tax at the statutory rate of the major operating
      subsidiaries to the tax charge for the year at the effective tax rate is as follows:


                                                                                                2025            2024
                                                                                             HK$’000         HK$’000


      Profit before tax                                                                      163,344         152,584


      Tax at the statutory tax rate                                                           26,952          25,176
      Adjustment in respect of current tax of previous periods                                  (373)               –
      Expenses not deductible for tax                                                          4,383            1,168
      Income not subject to tax                                                               (2,213)          (4,695)
      Tax losses not recognised                                                                  489            1,403
      Tax losses utilised from previous periods                                                 (741)               –
      Others                                                                                   1,718            2,414


      Tax charge for the year at the effective rate of 18.5% (2024: 16.7%)                    30,215          25,466




                                                           Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025        87
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2025




     12.   DIVIDENDS
                                                                                                  2025             2024
                                                                                              HK$’000           HK$’000


           Proposed final dividend of HK2.0 cents (2024: HK2.0 cents)
             per ordinary share                                                                 30,000           30,000
           Proposed special dividend of nil (2024: HK2.0 cents)
             per ordinary share                                                                       –          30,000


                                                                                                30,000           60,000


           The proposed final dividend for the year is subject to the approval of the Company’s shareholders at the
           forthcoming annual general meeting.


     13.   EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE COMPANY
           The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on the profit for the year attributable to equity holders
           of the Company of HK$133,129,000 (2024: HK$127,118,000) and the number of ordinary shares of
           1,500,000,000 (2024: 1,500,000,000) in issue during the year.


           The Group had no potentially dilutive ordinary shares in issue during the years ended 31 December 2025 and
           2024.




88   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                                NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     31 December 2025




14.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                                               Furniture,
                                                 Leasehold        Plant and        Motor     fixtures and
                                              improvements       machinery       vehicles     equipment          Total
                                                   HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000


      31 December 2025


      At 1 January 2025:
        Cost                                        17,609        1,066,493       16,867           9,301     1,110,270
        Accumulated depreciation                   (15,017)        (773,300)      (12,600)        (9,301)     (810,218)


        Net carrying amount                          2,592          293,193        4,267               –      300,052


      At 1 January 2025, net of
        accumulated depreciation                     2,592          293,193        4,267               –      300,052
      Additions                                          –           89,185        4,054               –       93,239
      Disposals                                          –           (7,528)         (267)             –        (7,795)
      Transfers to costs of construction
        contracts                                        –          (20,647)            –              –       (20,647)
      Depreciation provided during the year           (405)         (59,670)       (2,440)             –       (62,515)


      At 31 December 2025, net of
        accumulated depreciation                     2,187          294,533        5,614               –      302,334


      At 31 December 2025:
        Cost                                        17,609        1,034,595       18,844           9,301     1,080,349
        Accumulated depreciation                   (15,422)        (740,062)      (13,230)        (9,301)     (778,015)


        Net carrying amount                          2,187          294,533        5,614               –      302,334




                                                              Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025      89
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2025




     14.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued)
                                                                                             Furniture,
                                                      Leasehold    Plant and      Motor    fixtures and
                                                   improvements    machinery    vehicles    equipment         Total
                                                       HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000


           31 December 2024


           At 1 January 2024:
             Cost                                       17,609     1,021,468     15,351          9,301    1,063,729
             Accumulated depreciation                   (13,621)    (742,819)   (11,381)        (9,301)    (777,122)


             Net carrying amount                          3,988     278,649       3,970              –     286,607


           At 1 January 2024, net of
             accumulated depreciation                     3,988     278,649       3,970              –     286,607
           Additions                                          –      87,898       2,692              –      90,590
           Disposals                                          –       (8,932)      (114)             –       (9,046)
           Transfers to costs of construction
             contracts                                        –       (2,105)         –              –       (2,105)
           Depreciation provided during the year         (1,396)     (62,317)    (2,281)             –      (65,994)


           At 31 December 2024, net of
             accumulated depreciation                     2,592     293,193       4,267              –     300,052


           At 31 December 2024:
             Cost                                       17,609     1,066,493     16,867          9,301    1,110,270
             Accumulated depreciation                   (15,017)    (773,300)   (12,600)        (9,301)    (810,218)


             Net carrying amount                          2,592     293,193       4,267              –     300,052




90   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                            NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 31 December 2025




15.   LEASES
      The Group as a lessee

      The Group has a lease contract for land used in its operations. Lease of land generally has a lease term of 13
      years. The leasehold land is held on a medium-term lease expiring on 30 June 2047. Other properties generally
      have lease terms of 6 years. Generally, the Group is restricted from assigning and subleasing the leased assets
      outside the Group.


      (a)   Right-of-use assets

            The carrying amounts of the Group’s right-of-use assets and the movements during the year are as
            follows:


                                                                                        Leasehold
                                                                   Leased land                land             Total
                                                                        HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000


            1 January 2024                                               17,335           176,000           193,335
            Additions                                                      1,691                 –             1,691
            Depreciation charge                                           (2,568)           (7,333)           (9,901)
            Revaluation surplus                                                –             5,833             5,833


            As at 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                    16,458           174,500           190,958
            Additions                                                    20,826                  –           20,826
            Depreciation charge                                           (2,878)           (7,586)          (10,464)
            Revaluation surplus                                                –             5,086             5,086


            As at 31 December 2025                                       34,406           172,000           206,406


            At 31 December 2025, the Group’s leasehold land was revalued at HK$172,000,000 (2024:
            HK$174,500,000) by the directors with reference to a valuation performed by A.G. Wilkinson &
            Associates (Surveyors) Limited, independent professionally qualified valuer, at an aggregate open
            market value of HK$172,000,000 (2024: HK$174,500,000) based on its existing use basis on 31
            December 2025. Each year, the Group’s financial controller decides to appoint which external valuer
            to be responsible for the external valuations of the Group’s leasehold land. A revaluation surplus
            of HK$5,086,000 (2024: HK$5,833,000) resulting from the above valuation has been credited to
            other comprehensive income. Had the leasehold land been carried at historical cost less accumulated
            depreciation, its carrying amount would have been approximately HK$131,751,000 (2024:
            HK$137,740,000).




                                                        Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025          91
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2025




     15.   LEASES (continued)
           The Group as a lessee (continued)

           (a)   Right-of-use assets (continued)

                 Fair value hierarchy

                 The following table illustrates the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s leasehold land:


                                                               Fair value measurement as at
                                                                    31 December 2025 using

                                                            Quoted
                                                           prices in       Significant       Significant
                                                              active       observable     unobservable
                                                            markets            inputs             inputs
                                                           (Level 1)         (Level 2)          (Level 3)          Total
                                                           HK$’000           HK$’000            HK$’000         HK$’000


                 Leasehold land                                      –               –           172,000        172,000


                                                                Fair value measurement as at
                                                                    31 December 2024 using

                                                             Quoted
                                                            prices in       Significant        Significant
                                                               active       observable     unobservable
                                                             markets            inputs             inputs
                                                            (Level 1)         (Level 2)          (Level 3)             Total
                                                            HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000         HK$’000


                 Leasehold land                                      –               –           174,500        174,500


                 During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and
                 no transfers into or out of Level 3 (2024: Nil).




92   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   31 December 2025




15.   LEASES (continued)
      The Group as a lessee (continued)

      (a)   Right-of-use assets (continued)

            Fair value hierarchy (continued)

            Reconciliation of fair value measurements categorised within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy:


                                                                                                      Leasehold land
                                                                                                              HK$’000


            Carrying amount as at 1 January 2024                                                               176,000
            Depreciation charge                                                                                 (7,333)
            Level 3 revaluation surplus on revaluation at 31 December 2024                                       5,833


            Carrying amount as at 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                                          174,500
            Depreciation charge                                                                                 (7,586)
            Level 3 revaluation surplus on revaluation at 31 December 2025                                       5,086


            Carrying amount and fair value at 31 December 2025                                                 172,000


            Set out below is a summary of the valuation technique used and the key inputs to the valuation of the
            Group’s leasehold land:


                                                                                Significant
                                      Valuation technique             unobservable input                         2025


            Leasehold land     Direct comparison approach            Prevailing market price               HK$1,056 to
                                                                                 (per sq. ft.)               HK$2,667


                                                                                 Significant
                                       Valuation technique              unobservable input                       2024


            Leasehold land     Direct comparison approach            Prevailing market price               HK$1,148 to
                                                                                 (per sq. ft.)               HK$1,701

            The fair value of leasehold land is determined using the direct comparison approach for valuing
            leasehold land in their respective existing condition and use on the market basis with reference to
            comparable market transactions as reported in the market at similar locations. The valuation takes
            into account the characteristics of the leasehold land which include the location, size, transaction
            time, zoning, shape and accessibility and other factors collectively. A higher prevailing market price for
            leasehold land with positive characteristics will result in a higher fair value measurement.




                                                         Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025           93
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2025




     15.   LEASES (continued)
           The Group as a lessee (continued)

           (b)   The carrying amount of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows:


                                                                                                                   HK$’000


                 At 1 January 2024                                                                                       –
                 New lease                                                                                           1,691
                 Accretion of interest recognised during the year                                                      97
                 Payments                                                                                             (879)


                 At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                                                               909


                 New lease                                                                                          20,826
                 Accretion of interest recognised during the year                                                     155
                 Payments                                                                                           (1,298)


                 At 31 December 2025                                                                                20,592


                                                                                                      2025           2024
                                                                                                  HK$’000          HK$’000


                 Analysis into:
                 Current portion                                                                     2,919            909
                 Non-current portion                                                                17,673               –


                 The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is disclosed in note 33 to the financial statements.


           (c)   The amounts recognised in profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:


                                                                                                      2025           2024
                                                                                                  HK$’000          HK$’000


                 Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                                         10,464           9,901
                 Interest on lease liabilities                                                         155             97
                 Expense relating to short-term leases
                   (included in administrative expenses)                                             2,256           2,258


                 Total amount recognised in profit or loss                                          12,875          12,256


           (d)   The total cash outflow for leases is disclosed in note 27 to the financial statements.




94   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      31 December 2025




16.   INVESTMENT IN AN ASSOCIATE
                                                                                                 2025                2024
                                                                                            HK$’000               HK$’000


      Share of net assets                                                                         121                  121


      Particulars of the associate as at 31 December 2025 are as follows:


                                                                                        Percentage of
                                                                                          ownership
                                                                                           interest
                                           Place of                  Particulars of    attributable to
                                    incorporation/                           issued       the Group              Principal
      Name                            and business                     capital held      2025      2024          activities


      Senior Rich Development           Hong Kong           Class “A” voting shares         50            50      Property
        Limited (“Senior Rich”)                        Class “B” non-voting shares          50            50   investment


      The above investment is indirectly held by the Company.


      The following table illustrates the financial information of the Group’s associate that is not material:


                                                                                                 2025                2024
                                                                                            HK$’000               HK$’000


      Share of an associate’s profit for the year                                                     –                  –
      Share of an associate’s other comprehensive income                                              –                  –
      Share of an associate’s total comprehensive income                                              –                  –
      Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investment
        in an associate                                                                           121                  121


17.   TRADE RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                 2025                2024
                                                                                            HK$’000               HK$’000


      Trade receivables                                                                      134,814              215,852
      Impairment                                                                             (17,239)              (12,771)


      Net carrying amount                                                                    117,575              203,081




                                                          Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025              95
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2025




     17.   TRADE RECEIVABLES (continued)
           The Group’s trading terms with its customers are mainly on credit. The credit period is generally one month.
           Each customer has a maximum credit limit. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding
           receivables. Overdue balances are reviewed regularly by senior management. The Group does not hold any
           collateral or other credit enhancements over its trade receivables balance. Trade receivables are non-interest
           bearing. At 31 December 2025, the Group had a certain concentration of risk that may arise from the
           exposure to the largest customer and the five largest customers, which accounted for 16% and 57% (2024:
           15% and 33%) of the Group’s total trade receivables balance, respectively.


           An ageing analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date
           and net of provision, is as follows:


                                                                                                  2025             2024
                                                                                              HK$’000           HK$’000


           Current to 30 days                                                                   84,487          153,501
           31 to 60 days                                                                        11,075           12,669
           61 to 90 days                                                                         3,995             9,597
           Over 90 days                                                                         18,018           27,314


                                                                                              117,575           203,081


           The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:


                                                                                                  2025             2024
                                                                                              HK$’000           HK$’000


           At beginning of year                                                                 12,771             9,458
           Impairment losses for the year                                                        4,468             3,313


           At the end of year                                                                   17,239           12,771


           An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a provision matrix to measure expected
           credit losses. The provision rates are based on days past due for groupings of various customer segments
           with similar loss patterns. The calculation reflects the probability-weighted outcome, the time value of money
           and reasonable and supportable information that is available at the reporting date about past events, current
           conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.




96   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                               31 December 2025




17.   TRADE RECEIVABLES (continued)
      Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables using a
      provision matrix as at 31 December 2025:


                                                                          1 to 6      6 months              1 year
                                                      Current            months        to 1 year       to 3 years             Total


      Expected credit loss rate                         0.12%             4.47%                  –        76.86%           12.79%
      Gross carrying amount (HK$’000)                  75,019            39,795                  –         20,000          134,814
      Expected credit losses (HK$’000)                      87            1,777                  –         15,375           17,239

      Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables using a
      provision matrix as at 31 December 2024:


                                                                          1 to 6       6 months             1 year
                                                       Current           months         to 1 year       to 3 years             Total


      Expected credit loss rate                         0.11%             4.78%                  –        37.98%             5.92%
      Gross carrying amount (HK$’000)                 153,666            33,177                  –         29,009          215,852
      Expected credit losses (HK$’000)                     165            1,587                  –         11,019           12,771

18.   CONTRACT ASSETS
                                                                            31 December          31 December              1 January
                                                                                      2025                2024                 2024
                                                                 Notes             HK$’000            HK$’000              HK$’000


      Unbilled revenue                                            (a)               86,613             122,048             118,551
      Retention monies receivables                                (b)              297,080             328,404             261,680
      Impairment of retention monies receivables                                   (10,876)            (10,876)             (12,145)


                                                                                   372,817             439,576             368,086


      Notes:


      (a)      Unbilled revenue is initially recognised for revenue earned from the provision of construction services as the receipt
               of consideration is conditional on successful completion of construction. Upon completion of construction and
               acceptance by the customers, the amounts recognised as unbilled revenue are reclassified to trade receivables.


      (b)      Retention monies receivables are part of the consideration that the customers retain which are payable on successful
               completion of the contracts in order to provide the customers with assurance that the Group will complete its
               obligation satisfactorily under the contracts, rather than to provide financing to the customers.




                                                                 Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025                 97
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2025




     18.   CONTRACT ASSETS (continued)
           The decrease in contract assets in 2025 (2024: increase) was due to the decrease (2024: increase) in the
           ongoing provision of construction services by the end of the respective years.


           The expected timing of recovery or settlement for contract assets as at 31 December is as follows:


                                                                                                  2025             2024
                                                                                              HK$’000           HK$’000


           Within one year                                                                     341,956          319,647
           More than one year                                                                   30,861          119,929


           Total contract assets                                                               372,817          439,576


           The Group’s trading terms and credit policy with customers are disclosed in note 17 to the financial
           statements.


           The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of retention monies receivable are as follows:


                                                                                                  2025             2024
                                                                                              HK$’000           HK$’000


           At beginning of the year                                                             10,876            12,145
           Impairment losses for the year                                                             –              115
           Written-off for the year                                                                   –           (1,384)


           At end of year                                                                       10,876            10,876


           As at 31 December 2025, included in the above impairment allowance for contract assets is an allowance for
           an individually impaired contract asset of HK$10,265,000 (2024: HK$10,265,000) which was considered in
           default due to indicators which showed that the Group was unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual
           amount in full. Except for the specific impairment allowance mentioned above, an impairment analysis is
           performed at each reporting date using a provision matrix to measure expected credit losses. The provision
           rates for the measurement of the expected credit losses of the contract assets are based on those of the trade
           receivables as the contract assets and the trade receivables are from the same customer bases. The provision
           rates of contract assets are based on days past due of trade receivables for groupings of various customer
           segments with similar loss patterns. The calculation reflects the probability-weighted outcome, the time value
           of money and reasonable and supportable information that is available at the reporting date about past
           events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.




98   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                            NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 31 December 2025




18.   CONTRACT ASSETS (continued)
      Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s contract assets not individually
      impaired using a provision matrix:


                                                                                             2025                2024


      Expected credit loss rate                                                             0.16%               0.14%
      Gross carrying amount (HK$’000)                                                     373,428              440,187
      Expected credit losses (HK$’000)                                                         611                611


19.   PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                             2025                2024
                                                                                         HK$’000               HK$’000


      Prepayments                                                                              843               2,597
      Deposits and other receivables                                                       42,850               43,901


                                                                                           43,693               46,498


      Portion classified as non-current:
        Deposits paid for acquisition of property, plant and equipment                      (8,653)            (10,930)


      Current portion                                                                      35,040               35,568


      Included in the balance as at 31 December 2025 is a receivable of interest income of HK$3,534,000 (2024:
      HK$3,534,000) from a related company for the loan advanced to it. Further details are set out in note 24 to
      the financial statements. The balance due is unsecured, non-interest bearing and is payable quarterly.


      The financial assets included in the above balances relate to receivables for which there was no recent history
      of default and past due amounts. As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the loss allowance was assessed to be
      minimal.




                                                        Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025            99
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2025




      20.   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
                                                                                                   2025             2024
                                                                                                HK$’000         HK$’000


            Cash and bank balances                                                              192,679         167,457
            Time deposits                                                                       549,676         395,073


            Cash and cash equivalents                                                           742,355         562,530


            Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Short-term time deposits
            are made for varying periods of between one day and three months depending on the immediate cash
            requirements of the Group, and earn interest at the respective short-term time deposit rates. The bank
            balances are deposited with creditworthy banks with no recent history of default.


      21.   TRADE AND RETENTION MONIES PAYABLES
                                                                                                   2025             2024
                                                                                                HK$’000         HK$’000


            Trade payables                                                                       61,766         210,307
            Retention monies payable                                                             49,253           55,326


                                                                                                111,019         265,633


            An ageing analysis of the trade and retention monies payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on
            the invoice date, is as follows:


                                                                                                   2025             2024
                                                                                                HK$’000         HK$’000


            Trade payables
              Current to 30 days                                                                 44,372         175,988
              31 to 60 days                                                                       8,147           24,189
              61 to 90 days                                                                       1,093            5,211
              Over 90 days                                                                        8,154            4,919


                                                                                                 61,766         210,307
            Retention monies payable                                                             49,253           55,326


                                                                                                111,019         265,633


            The trade and retention monies payables are non-interest bearing. Trade payables are normally settled on
            30-day terms. Retention monies payable has repayment terms ranging from one to two years.




100   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            31 December 2025




22.   OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS
                                                                                                        2025                2024
                                                                                  Notes            HK$’000              HK$’000


      Contract liabilities                                                          (a)             252,842             348,586
      Other payables                                                                                  11,398               4,695
      Lease liabilities                                                           15(b)                2,919                 909
      Accruals                                                                                      700,250             534,035


                                                                                                    967,409             888,225


      Note:


      (a)     Details of contract liabilities are as follows:


                                                                           31 December          31 December             1 January
                                                                                  2025                 2024                 2024
                                                                               HK$’000              HK$’000              HK$’000


              Short-term advances received from customers
              Construction services                                              252,842             348,586             343,143


              Contract liabilities include short-term advances received to deliver construction services. The decrease in contract
              liabilities in 2025 (2024: increase) was mainly due to the decrease (2024: increase) in short-term advances received
              from customers in relation to the provision of construction services at the end of the reporting year.


23.   AMOUNT DUE FROM A FELLOW SUBSIDIARY
      The amount due from a fellow subsidiary arose from the ordinary course of business and is unsecured,
      interest-free and repayable on demand.


24.   LOAN TO A RELATED COMPANY
      The loan to a related company represented an advance to Chinney Investments, Limited (“Chinney
      Investments”) by the Company pursuant to a loan agreement dated 25 July 2024. A controlling shareholder
      of the Company has a beneficial interest in Chinney Investments. The loan is unsecured, interest-bearing at
      6% per annum and repayable within 12 months from the date of drawdown with an option for extension for
      further 12 months subject to the approval of the Company.


      On 5 September 2025, Chinney Investments served a written request to the Company for the extension of the
      term of the loan for further 12 months. The request for extension was approved by the Company.


      Further details of the transaction are set out in the section headed “CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS” of the
      Annual Report.




                                                                Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025               101
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2025




      25.   DEFERRED TAX
            The movements in deferred tax liabilities and assets during the year are as follows:


            Deferred tax liabilities

                                                                                                          Accelerated tax
                                                                                                             depreciation
                                                                                                                  HK$’000


            At 1 January 2024                                                                                      33,943
            Deferred tax charged to profit or loss during the year (note 11)                                         8,500


            At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                                                                 42,443
            Deferred tax credited to profit or loss during the year (note 11)                                      (16,284)


            Gross deferred tax liabilities as at 31 December 2025                                                  26,159


            Deferred tax assets

                                                                                                         Losses available
                                                                                                            for offsetting
                                                                                                           against future
                                                                                                          taxable profits
                                                                                                                  HK$’000


            At 1 January 2024, 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                                                     537
            Deferred tax charged to profit or loss during the year (note 11)                                          (537)


            At 31 December 2025                                                                                          –


            For presentation purposes, deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset in the statement of financial
            positions, net deferred tax liabilities as at 31 December 2025 amounting to HK$26,159,000 (2024:
            HK$41,906,000).


            As at 31 December 2025, the Group has estimated unrecognised tax losses arising in Hong Kong of
            approximately HK$1,553,000 (2024: HK$6,044,000) that are available indefinitely for offsetting against future
            taxable profits of the companies in which the losses arose. The Group also has estimated unrecognised tax
            losses arising in Macau of approximately HK$218,300 (2024: HK$218,300) that can be used to offset against
            future taxable profits of the companies in which the losses arose for a maximum of three years. As at 31
            December 2025, deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of these losses as in the opinion of
            the Company’s directors, it is uncertain whether taxable profits will be available against which the tax losses
            can be utilised.




102   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  31 December 2025




26.   SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                              2025                2024
                                                                                           HK$’000           HK$’000


      Authorised:
        3,000,000,000 ordinary shares of HK$0.1 each                                       300,000           300,000


      Issued and fully paid:
        1,500,000,000 ordinary shares of HK$0.1 each                                       150,000           150,000


27.   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
      (a)    Major non-cash transactions

             (i)     During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group had non-cash addition to right-of-use
                     assets and lease liabilities of HK$20,826,000 (2024: HK$1,691,000) and HK$20,826,000 (2024:
                     HK$1,691,000), respectively, in respect of a lease arrangement for leased land.


             (ii)    During the year, interest income of HK$3,534,000 (2024: HK$3,534,000) was included in other
                     receivables.


             (iii)   During the year ended 31 December 2025, addition of property, plant and equipment of
                     HK$5,788,000 were settled through the transfer of deposits paid in prior year (2024: nil).



      (b)    Total cash outflow for leases

             The total cash outflow for leases included in the consolidated statement of cash flows is as follows:


                                                                                              2025                2024
                                                                                           HK$’000           HK$’000


             Within operating activities                                                      2,256               2,258
             Within financing activities                                                      1,298                  879


                                                                                              3,554               3,137


28.   CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
      The Group provided corporate guarantees and counter indemnities to certain banks for an aggregate
      amount of approximately HK$237,410,000 (2024: certain banks for an aggregate amount of approximately
      HK$268,510,000) for the issue of performance bonds in its ordinary course of business.




                                                         Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025            103
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2025




      29.   COMMITMENTS
            The Group had the following capital commitments at the end of the reporting period:


                                                                                                             2025                2024
                                                                                                        HK$’000              HK$’000


            Contracted, but not provided for:
              Plant and machinery                                                                          16,000              26,118


      30.   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
            (a)   In addition to the transactions detailed elsewhere in the financial statements, the Group had the
                  following material transactions with related parties during the reporting year.


                                                                                                             2025                2024
                                                                                       Notes            HK$’000              HK$’000


                  Rent paid to fellow subsidiaries                                       (i)                2,256               2,256
                  License fee paid to a related company*                                 (i)                  216                    216
                  Purchases from fellow subsidiaries                                     (ii)                      –                 220
                  Interest income from a related company*                               (iii)              15,000               3,534


                  *        Companies in which a controlling shareholder of the Company has beneficial interests.


                  Notes:


                  (i)      Rents and license fee paid to fellow subsidiaries and a related company are based on the market prices.


                  (ii)     In the opinion of the directors, the above transactions were made according to the published prices and
                           conditions similar to those offered to other major customers and suppliers.


                  (iii)    Interest income is charged at 6% per annum on the outstanding loan amount.


                  The related party transactions in respect of items (i) and (ii) above constitute continuing connected
                  transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Furthermore, the related party transactions
                  in respect of item (iii) above constitutes a connected transaction but it is an one-off transaction and
                  did not constitute continuing connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Details of
                  item (iii) are included in note 19.


            (b)   Outstanding balances with related parties:

                  Details of the Group’s balances with a fellow subsidiary and a loan to a related company as at the end
                  of the reporting period are included in notes 19, 23 and 24 to the financial statements.


            (c)   Compensation of key management personnel of the Group:

                  The key management personnel of the Group are the directors of the Company. Details of their
                  remuneration are disclosed in note 9 to the financial statements.




104   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                              NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                31 December 2025




31.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY
      The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period
      are as follows:


      Financial assets

                                                                                         Financial assets at
                                                                                           amortised cost
                                                                                             2025              2024
                                                                                         HK$’000           HK$’000


      Trade receivables                                                                  117,575            203,081
      Due from a fellow subsidiary                                                            129                 129
      Loan to a related company                                                          250,000            250,000
      Financial assets included in prepayments, deposits and other receivables             34,197            32,971
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                          742,355            562,530


                                                                                       1,144,256         1,048,711


      Financial liabilities

                                                                                       Financial liabilities at
                                                                                           amortised cost
                                                                                             2025              2024
                                                                                         HK$’000           HK$’000


      Trade and retention monies payables                                                111,019            265,633
      Lease liabilities                                                                    20,592                 909
      Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals                      635,935            460,162


                                                                                         767,546            726,704


32.   FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
      Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, trade and
      retention monies payables, financial assets included in prepayments, deposits and other receivables, financial
      liabilities included in other payables and accruals, an amount due from a fellow subsidiary and a loan to a
      related company approximate to their carrying amounts largely due to the short term maturities of these
      instruments.


      Fair value hierarchy

      As at 31 December 2025, the Group did not have any financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value
      (2024: Nil).




                                                           Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025       105
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2025




      33.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
            The Group’s principal financial instruments comprise cash and cash equivalents. The main purpose of these
            financial instruments is to raise finance for the Group’s operations. The Group has other financial assets and
            liabilities such as trade receivables, financial assets included in prepayments, deposits and other receivables,
            trade and retention monies payables, financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals, and an
            amount due from a fellow subsidiary, which arise directly from its operations, and a loan to a related company.


            The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are credit risk, liquidity risk and foreign currency
            risk. The directors meet periodically to analyse and formulate measures to manage each of these risks and they
            are summarised below.


            Credit risk

            The Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties and group companies. It is the Group’s
            policy that all customers who wish to trade on credit terms are subject to credit verification procedures. In
            addition, receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis and the Group’s exposure to bad debts is not
            significant.


            Maximum exposure and year-end staging

            The tables below show the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on the Group’s credit
            policy, which is mainly based on past due information unless other information is available without undue cost
            or effort, and year-end staging classification as at 31 December. The amounts presented are gross carrying
            amounts for financial assets.


            As at 31 December 2025


                                                    12-month
                                                          ECLs                   Lifetime ECLs

                                                                                                   Simplified
                                                      Stage 1         Stage 2         Stage 3      approach             Total
                                                      HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000


            Contract assets*                                  –              –               –       383,693         383,693
            Trade receivables*                                –              –               –       134,814         134,814
            Due from a fellow subsidiary                      –              –               –            129             129
            Loan to a related company
              – Normal**                              250,000                –               –               –       250,000
            Financial assets included in
              prepayments, deposits and other
              receivables
              – Normal**                                34,197               –               –               –        34,197
            Cash and cash equivalents
              – Not yet past due                      742,355                –               –               –       742,355


                                                    1,026,552                –               –       518,636       1,545,188




106   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                               31 December 2025




33.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
      Credit risk (continued)

      Maximum exposure and year-end staging (continued)

      As at 31 December 2024


                                                    12-month
                                                          ECLs                     Lifetime ECLs

                                                                                                         Simplified
                                                      Stage 1           Stage 2           Stage 3        approach               Total
                                                     HK$’000           HK$’000          HK$’000           HK$’000          HK$’000


      Contract assets*                                        –                –                 –        450,452           450,452
      Trade receivables*                                      –                –                 –        215,852           215,852
      Due from a fellow subsidiary                            –                –                 –             129               129
      Loan to a related company
          – Normal**                                 250,000                   –                 –                 –        250,000
      Financial assets included in
          prepayments, deposits and other
          receivables
          – Normal**                                   32,971                  –                 –                 –         32,971
      Cash and cash equivalents
          – Not yet past due                         562,530                   –                 –                 –        562,530


                                                     845,501                   –                 –        666,433         1,511,934


      *       For trade receivables and contract assets to which the Group applies the simplified approach for impairment,
              information based on the provision matrix is disclosed in notes 17 and 18 to the financial statements, respectively.

      **      The credit quality of the loan to a related company, due from a fellow subsidiary and financial assets included in
              prepayments, deposits and other receivables is considered to be “normal” when they are not past due and there is
              no information indicating that the financial assets had a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition.
              Otherwise, the credit quality of the financial assets is considered to be “doubtful”.




                                                                  Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025                 107
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2025




      33.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
            Liquidity risk

            The Group’s objective is to maintain a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of
            bank borrowings. The Group’s policy is to maintain the Group at a net current asset position.


            The maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities as at the end of the reporting period, based on the
            contractual undiscounted payments, is as follows:


                                                                            Less than               1 to
                                                        On demand          12 months             5 years             Total
                                                           HK$’000           HK$’000            HK$’000           HK$’000


            2025


            Trade and retention monies payables                     –          99,253            11,766           111,019
            Lease liabilities                                       –            4,249           20,890            25,139
            Financial liabilities included in other
              payables and accruals                                 –         635,935                  –          635,935


                                                                    –         739,437            32,656           772,093


                                                                             Less than              1 to
                                                         On demand          12 months            5 years              Total
                                                            HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000


            2024


            Trade and retention monies payables                     –         263,141              2,492          265,633
            Lease liabilities                                       –              945                 –               945
            Financial liabilities included in other
              payables and accruals                             1,917         458,245                  –          460,162


                                                                1,917         722,331              2,492          726,740




108   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                            NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  31 December 2025




33.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
      Foreign currency risk

      The Group has transactional currency exposures. These exposures arise from sales or purchases by operating
      units in currencies other than the units’ functional currencies. The Group monitors the currency exposure on
      an ongoing basis and considers entering into forward currency contracts when the need arises.


      The following table demonstrates the sensitivity at the end of the reporting period to a reasonably possible
      change in the Euro dollar (“EUR”) and Singapore dollar (“SGD”) exchange rates, with all other variables held
      constant, of the Group’s profit before tax (due to changes in the fair value of monetary assets and liabilities)
      and the Group’s equity.


                                                                                                            Increase/
                                                                                         Increase/        (decrease)
                                                                                     (decrease) in          in profit
                                                                                    exchange rate         before tax
                                                                                                 %           HK$’000


      2025


      If Hong Kong dollar weakens against EUR                                                     5               135
      If Hong Kong dollar strengthens against EUR                                                (5)             (135)


      If Hong Kong dollar weakens against SGD                                                     1                71
      If Hong Kong dollar strengthens against SGD                                                (1)              (71)


      2024


      If Hong Kong dollar weakens against EUR                                                     5               691
      If Hong Kong dollar strengthens against EUR                                                (5)             (691)


      If Hong Kong dollar weakens against SGD                                                     1                78
      If Hong Kong dollar strengthens against SGD                                                (1)              (78)




                                                         Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025          109
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2025




      33.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
            Capital management

            The primary objectives of the Group’s capital management are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue
            as a going concern and to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to support its business and maximise
            shareholders’ value.


            The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic
            conditions and the risk characteristics of the underlying assets. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the
            Group may adjust the dividend payment to shareholders, return capital to shareholders or issue new shares.
            No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the years ended 31
            December 2025 and 31 December 2024.


            The Group monitors capital using a gearing ratio, which is borrowings divided by the total capital. The capital
            structure of the Group consists of equity attributable to holders of the Company, comprising issued capital and
            reserves as disclosed in the consolidated financial statements.


            The gearing ratios as at the end of the reporting periods were as follows:


                                                                                                      2025              2024
                                                                                                  HK$’000            HK$’000


            Lease liabilities                                                                       20,592                909
            Equity attributable to holders of the Company                                         881,372            803,157
            Gearing ratio                                                                                 –                 –


            The directors of the Company review the capital structure periodically. As part of this review, the directors
            consider the cost of capital and risk associated with each class of capital. Based on recommendations of the
            directors, the Group will balance the overall capital structure of the Group through the payment of dividends,
            issue of new shares as well as the raising of new bank loans.




110   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
                                           NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                31 December 2025




34.   STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
      Information about the statement of financial position of the Company at the end of the reporting period is as
      follows:


                                                                                            2025             2024
                                                                                        HK$’000           HK$’000


      NON-CURRENT ASSET
      Investment in a subsidiary                                                                2                2


      CURRENT ASSETS
      Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                                          5,810             3,957
      Amounts due from subsidiaries                                                      339,244          557,838
      Loan to a related company                                                          250,000          250,000
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                            6,328             1,779


      Total current assets                                                               601,382          813,574


      CURRENT LIABILITIES
      Other payables and accruals                                                         10,576             9,181
      Amounts due to subsidiaries                                                        303,062          474,371
      Tax payable                                                                               –            1,107


      Total current liabilities                                                          313,638          484,659


      NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                                 287,744          328,915


      Net assets                                                                         287,746          328,917


      EQUITY
      Issued capital                                                                     150,000          150,000
      Reserves (note)                                                                    137,746          178,917


      Total equity                                                                       287,746          328,917




                                                       Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025         111
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2025




      34.   STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (continued)
            Note:


            A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows:


                                                                    Share             Capital           Retained
                                                                 premium             reserve*             profits              Total
                                                                  HK$’000            HK$’000             HK$’000             HK$’000


            At 1 January 2024                                      63,628                    1            106,132            169,761


            Profit and total comprehensive income
              for the year                                               –                   –             69,156              69,156
            2023 final dividend and special dividend
              declared                                                   –                   –            (60,000)            (60,000)


            At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                 63,628                    1            115,288            178,917


            Profit and total comprehensive income
              for the year                                               –                   –             18,829              18,829
            2024 final dividend and special dividend
              declared (note 12)                                         –                   –            (60,000)            (60,000)


            At 31 December 2025                                    63,628                    1             74,117            137,746


            *       Capital reserve represented the contributed surplus with respect to the Company’s share allotment of 9,999 new
                    shares at par value of HK$0.1 each in the acquisition of the entire issued share capital of Kin Wing Chinney (BVI)
                    Limited amounting to HK$1,622 from Chinney Construction Group Limited on 15 October 2015.


      35.   APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
            The financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 26 March 2026.




112   Chinney Kin Wing Holdings Limited · Annual Report 2025
